Dear State Senator,

I dont truely have a major problem dealing with the electoral college, its just that i believe that changing it to a popular vote of the president would be easier. Its kind of unnecessary to have as many elctions for all these different levels. It all takes far too long to decide which candidate would better suit this country. I understand it all has to be fair but its better having the popular vote.

When the past leaders of this country were trying to abolish the electoral college, i dont think they were wrong for that. If you believe something isnt right, and your not the only one who believes the same as you, than there must be something wrong. It isnt fair if you win the popular vote and end up losing because of the electoral college. If you really think about it, the electoral college really has the say so of the entire election. So why involve the citizens of this country if what they say dont mean anything at all.

Another important thing is that, the electors that are elected by the state could always defy the will of the people(paragraph 11). For example: the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors that would oppose John F. Kennedy. This is absolutely outrageous that someone could lose the opportunity to be president all because of the electors not approving. Its like when your says you can do something but the principle says no.

The only time an electoral college is necessary is if the presidential race is at a tie with the number of votes and its all on the electoral college. The electoral college shouldnt have to be involved if the race isnt a tie and is going smooth. Its like sticking your nose in someones business, or getting involved in something that doesnt concern you. The electoral college is just a big insigator.

So in conclusion, there is no need for the electoral college. It causes too much controversy and shouldnt be brought into play unless a tie has occured. The presidential race should run smoothly on popular vote.    