Exploring the unknown "great frontier" of space has always captivated the minds of many people. Recently, there has been a lot of talk at orginazations like NASA and SpaceX about sending a man to Mars. In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author writes about how studying Venus is a worty endeavor despite the dangers. The author supports this idea very well by describing the dangers of Venus and explaining the lengths groups like NASA have to go to in order to make it past these challenges.

First, the author supports the idea of Venus being a worthy pursuit by describing, in great detail, the challenges of exploring Venus. In the article, the author talks about the many dangers on and around Venus. For example, the article states "...temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." By using these details about the dangers of Venus, the author is able to support his idea, because the reader is able to understand how dangerous it is to explore Venus

Next, the author further supports his claim by explaining why groups like NASA want to explore Venus. In the article, the author claims the reasons scientists want to explore Venus are "...[Venus] may well have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." The author also says "...[Venus] could have supported various forms of life" and "The value of returning to Venus seems indisputable..." These excerpts from the article help the author support his claim very well by comparing the reasons for exploring Venus with the dangers of doing so.

In conclusion, the author does a very good job of supporting his claim by describing the dangers in great detail and then comparing these dangers to the reasons people still want to explore the planet. In doing so, the author is able to effectively communicate with the reader about why NASA continutes to try to explore Venus. In the future, this article could inspire future scientists to come up with a new way to explore the surface of Venus.  