State Senator,

The Electoral College is not a fair way to vote. Instead of voting for who you would like to win, you are voting for an elector who says they will vote for the candidate you want to win. Voting for who we want is a part of our rights! The Electoral College system is not only out dated, but there has also been a few fiascos.

This style of voting has been going on since the beggining, there are many flaws that need to be worked on. A major problem would be the electors; they are not reliable. "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always." This right here proves that the electors don't always tell the truth. Who picks the electors anyways? "Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential candidates themselves." We don't even get to select our electors, how are we supposed to rely on strangers to vote for who we would like? Would you trust a random stranger to take care of your child? It is the same as putting the fate of our country in the hands of someone some people have never even seen! "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all," This information should prove to you that the Electoral College is unfair.

The disaster factor should have been the end to the Electoral College. "Segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." Is there anything left to say? These people tried to sabatoge the election. What is stopping more poeple from this? Some electors refused to vote for who they said they would. "'faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." In 1960 Hawaii sent two slates of electors to Congress! Thanks goodness for Vice President Nixon who "validated only his opponent's electors, but made sure to do so 'without establishing a precedent.'"

Also, many people stated that they prefer the direct election, "Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." With giving you this information, you should be able to infer that the Electoral College should be changed.

In conclusion, more people are aginst the Electoral College than with it. We should be able to vote for which one we prefer. Less people would have a problem with the election process and it would go a lot smoother.

Thank you for your time,

PROPER_NAME                           