Scientists have studied and implored the idea of understanding the solar system, specifically the Milky Way.

In investigating the solar system, Venus shows promises of exploration.

Though Venus itself is denser and hotter than Earth, both planets are one in the same.

The author of the passage utilizes this in explaining as to why investing into the research of this particular planet in the Milky Way is worth it.

The author does this by comparing Venus to Earth within Venus's geometric structures as well as its weather patterns.

Venus can be said to be Earth's twin.

Known as the second planet from the sun, Venus was once like how our planet is today based on scientists' knowledge.

According to the passage the planet,"...(W)as probably covered largely with oceans...".

Earth contains 70% of water and has life on it and with this quote describing that Venus had water at one point in time, it too might have supported life forms which is what the author is attempting to explain in his writings.

Like Earth, Venus obtains the same landformations.

Another detail provided from the article states,"...surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" indicating not only that this planet once held water but, also sustains land structures identicle to Earth's.

In the final section of paragraph 3 it enscribes,"...(G)eology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerfull earthquakes, and...lighting strikes...".

Along with the planets identicle features to Earth's, It also features weather patterns and conditions that are compatible too.

Combining all of this information, Venus can be idealized as Earth.

The author gets to the point by comparing the various landforms, weather, and natural disasters of the two space rocks.

Researching Venus could not only mean furthering the understanding of this particular planet but, also Earth too.

Lastly, continuing the study on Venus is so vital that by doing so, man could possibly land another planet. 