Online Schooling

The concept of online schooling is very simple work at home ask questions later. It is something we agree with because it is really only beneficial to those who dont have the resources or tools anyway. It presents itself with being very universal and outgoing and comfortable because who wouldnt wanna learn new things in the comfort of their own home. However, It is a factor that revolves around endless distractions, little too none human interaction ,and very little visual an guided learning.

Being a teen parent doing online courses sounds so day filling and convenient but being a regular student very average with distractions and new task every where you go. For students distraction is always near and it is hard too not get distracted. Lets say your family just flew in its a week before the holiday an you want too do what they are doing like go to the movies or wrestle or play on your new Xbox. School work or online courses would not be on your mind which would cause more people to fall behind in there courses. Distractions are a factor in anything presented too you For example, your teacher hands u a piece of paper and says write your name while they are talking you might lean over and talk too the person next too you about the paper or get on your phone and miss the instructions that were given.

Human interaction is some what needed to preform any task although, If you are anything like me then you like too be shown how too do everything given and you will need an explanation after every thing that they are showing you .Human interaction is the quickest reply you will ever get and man to man and skin too skin contact is a way too keep from becoming antisocial . Working at home might cause you too feel like you dont need anyone too help you an you might just wanna be alone all the time . Most of the time people will develop early on issues because they feel that the help they needed was not provided during this stage or process. I know some of you are probably thinking that they have parents why cant they just help them however, not everyone is provided with that option what if there parents did not graduate or what if they did not further their education. This why public schooling or private schooling should be put into action and thought about

Online courses are not specified too those that need visuals and need too visualize before completing an action. Visual learning also goes with human interaction it is something that helps us succeed in the real world. In the real world in order too ask questions or in order to get a job you have too complete a face too face interview. The world is starting too become more and more lenient on the concept and the uses of technology. But, No one is going too hire someone with un-professional attire too become there lawyer its not really acceptable in the place of business due too the views ,perceptions and, standards of the world. The way you dress or look in your home is different then when you leave your home they will not learn these real world skills because they werent taught and didnt develop those characteristics like everyone else.

In conclusion, Online schooling or online courses are only truly beneficial too those that need it and those that are doing it due to circumstance and it should not be encouraged amoungst those that do not have a great amount of self control and self reliance. Without those skills and without interpersonal skills they will not succeed and they will not learn daily life skills. it seems very simple but it is not and should not be treated as such. 