Did you ever think the face on Mars was made by aliens? Sorry to break it to you, but it wasn't. You may be thinking either I am really crazy or really smart. Don't worry I have evidence from the article to back up my reasoning. I don't think the face on the moon was created by aliens because the face is surrounded by landforms, the pictures weren't as good as they are now, and when the picture was taken it wasn't under the best conditions. Which leads me into my first reason.

I don't think the face on Mars was made by aliens because the face is surrounded by landforms. I think this because of many reasons. One of which is because the article says, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, buttes and mesas are landforms common around the American West." The next piece of evidence to support this is that there is another landform next to it that looks like the same type of landform. Where there are landforms there are usually more than one example of them.

The next reason I don't think the face on Mars was made by aliens is because the cameras weren't as good as they are now. It was 1976 when that picture was taken. Technology has advanced a lot since then. We have laptops, cell phones, slim computers, early stages of robots, and even tablets with greater processing power than space shuttles that landed on the moon. Cameras have also progressed a lot. The cameras we have now can zoom in and see you armhair from fifty feet away! That's the second reason I don't think the face on Mars wasn't made by aliens.

The last reason I don't think the face on Mars was made by aliens is the pictures were under some of the worst conditions. For example, the sky was clouded, the cameras weren't very good, and it is very hard to target Cydonia. Once they fixed most of those conditions you could clearly tell that the face was actually a landform.

In conclusion, the face on Mars can only be a landform. Once again, this is because the face is surrounded by landforms, the pictures weren't as good as they are now, and the picture was taken under some of the worst conditions. That's why I think the face on Mars wasn't made by aliens.