Have you ever needed advice and one person is not enough to help you so you should for sure have multiple people giving you advice it would surely be enough to help you. I believe that people should have multiple people helping them because they can give you better advice because they so much ideas that different people have. Therefore, you should for sure ask for more people to give you advice If before you only asked one person. I say that because of these three reasons They can give new ideas, you can make better choices, and there is different points of view.

One reason that you should ask more people for advice is because they can give you more and new ideas. I say that because if theres different people with different minds then others they can surely give you and idea you never thought about. I know this because it happened to me before I was very mad because my parents did not buy me a toy. Then I asked many different cousins of what should I do to get that toy and many said be good or others said just dont get it and that gave little me so much to think about that I never even thought of before so that helped me because I got much more things to think about then just constantly wanting that toy. Also even researches say that 80% of people who ask for advice to many people get better outcomes. There is no reason for you to only ask one person if you get so much good things to ask more.

The second reason I say that multiple advice is better then only one is that you can make better choices. Lets say that you need help on what to spend your allowance on and you have two things that you like but you can only get one. Would you want one person to help you with deciding which one to get or multiple people giving you feedback so you can make a good choice. If you would only want one person to help you let me tell you why thats not a good choice they could easily think for what they would love to have and not what you would love to have. For example lets say the two things is a dog and a cat they could easily be a dog person and just say dog but if there was multiple people they would give you reasons on why you should get the dog. Even research that a lot of scientists have found that is that 75% of people who ask for multiple people for advice makes better choices.

The final reason on why you should ask multiple people for advice is that there is more points of view. This is a lesson that I learned before too because this has happened to me before. One time I was devastated that my parents would not let me play video games. Eventually, I asked my parents themselves on why i'm not allowed to play video games and they said think about it this way what if you were the parent would you let a child that has school tomorrow and it is passed his bedtime play video games while he has not been on his best behavior. That gave me so much made me learn so much things the whole time I was looking from my point of view while I should have been looking from both of my parents point of view.

In conclusion sometimes one opinion can be better then one if the one person knows you very well. Although, in most cases more minds is better then one. Those three reasons clearly show that multiple people giving you advice is better then only one. Therefore, the next time you need advice try asking more then one person it could seriously make a difference. There is literally no reason on why you should ask one person for advice if you ask a lot more it can't make things worse for you it can only make things better for you.