Cars are a very important aspect when you are a young ault and throughout your life. We use cars everyday to get from point A to point B, and are very useful in a heavy situation. But what if we lived in a car free world? What would it be like? How would we react? People and even cities have tried this idea out and, belive it or not, it is quite helpful to not only the enviroment but to the people that live in it. For example in Source 1, Elisabeth Rosenthal talks about how VAUBAN, Gremany dosen't use cars and if they did they would be fined. Maybe we are over using our cars and maybe not haveing them will do us some good. you would be surprized by how many people and cities use and appreciate this no car system.

To begin with, in Source 1 it tells about the future of this idea and how it could be implyed with society today. In paragraph 8 it says "Some new suburbs may well look more Vauban-like, not only in developed countries but also in the developing world". This could be huge for the U.S., according to a few other paragraphs in Source 1 it says that if we are using our cars less we could sufficiently reduce gas emmitons and the amout of the pollution in the U.S. Even the Enviromental Protection Agency (EPA) have actually looked in to this and putting this into affect, they say it will play a much larger role in the upcoming federal transportation bill.

Secondly, in Source 3, Andrew Selsky is talking about a whole city(Bogota, Colombia) that has a "car-free day"! This is a huge step into spreading this idea for not using your cars as much. Even if the people violated this day they were fined ($25). But this day had a big impact on the city and they said they would like to do it more frequently. This was so big Colombia's other cities joind this movement. This idea on a reduced-car rule is a very good one and they plan to have more days like this and eventully turn into a  car free city.

Additionaly, in Source 4 It talks about the U.S's ideas about this. President Obama is all for this idea and one of his ambitious goals was to "curb the greenhouse gas emissions". With this idea he could help achive that goal. Another point is that according to charts and studies it shows that people are driving less and each year the amout of people to get there licence is decresing. The US took this in to notice and they belive that eventually more and more place will become these car-free places. Even car companys like Ford are looking in to this, "car-reduced" plan. They seem to think its good for the people and will eventully put this plan into affect. It seems the less we use cars the better things are getting.

To sum it all up, yes we do like cars and prefer to use them...we don't NEED them, we can live with out them and find out other ways to be transported without the use of gas emmition cars. Yes, Hybrid cars do do the job too but they still aren't as effective as something without an engine. Limiting car usage is a great idea and there are many advantages to it. One day we will maybe live in a car free world and walking somewhere woulding be to bad. I think we should put this plan into affect and start working torward a better future for the people and the world.    