we always find our selves getting worked up over everyday problems, so we ask our friends or our family for there opinion but sometimes we disagree with what they have to say.

But shouldnt we listen to the advice people have to give us?

Asking for advice from more than one person is good because you have multiple peoples point of views on the subject.

You might get someones advice and not agree with what they are saying. Lets say you want chocolate ice cream but you also want strawberry ice cream, so you asked your dad for his advice on which ice cream you should pick, but you dont agree with him. You need more advice to make a decisions so you ask your mom what she thinks, and she tells you to have both chocolate hand strawberry. This is why we should ask more than one person for advice while making a decision, you might end up better outcome from the next person rather than the first. We also have a tough time making hard decisions, like what college you want to go to or if you even want to go to college, that is why asking people who went threw the same experience is helpful. If you ask people who have been threw college or someone who is just starting college they can steer you in the right direction. When you ask for help and advice there is always a better outcome.

And what happens when I am in a disagreement with someone?

When you are ion a disagreement it is hard to see the other persons point of view, and you are usually to upset to take advice from other people. In and argument we are always trying to get are point across, we are constantly thinking about ourselves. But what would happen if we took a step back and listen to other peoples advice, life would be a lot easier. You could ask a friend or someone you trust what they think about the situation, and they can give you advice on how to solve that problem. Another alternative is to ask someone who also has faced a similar disagreement and ask them how they solved there problem. Once you have gathered all the advice you need you could finally find a way to work out this disagreement. There are many ways to solve problems, and asking for advice helps solve them a lot quicker.

When we ask for advice and just ask general questions we get smarter. Its good to learn from others. Like asking for advice when it comes to test taking or getting your drivers license. These are all things we can get advice on. And when it comes time when we need to do theses things we can just think back on the advice that was given to us. we also should take into consideration that so many people around us have been in the same situations and they can each us many things, there not just there to tell us right or wrong they are there to guide and help us on our path to success.

Getting advice from more than one person is very good because we can learn, choose, and resolve with advice. advice from others will always be helpful and you can always find ways to use it.