The more options you have the better you can think of the best one to go with. You wouldn't take advice from someone who has no experience in that area would you? They could be setting you up to make things worse.

If you ask more people you could find someone knows what they're talking about.

You are trying out for the NFL to be a defensive lineman and having problems tackling the opponent so you ask for some advice. The first person you ask doesn't even play football he tells you to keep trying your best. You aren't satisfied with his answer so you ask someone else. The second person tells you to run after the person with the ball and get as close as you can then tackle them. You try the first persons advice but you fail. So you try the second persons advice and your drafted into the NFL. See it is all about having more opinions. If you had only asked person number one you wouldn't have been drafted, but you asked two people and got drafted.

Your trying to climb a difficult rock wall but you keep falling off their are 4 other people their you ask all of them for advice. The first person tells you to spread your foot and hand holds out a little. The second person tells you to always make sure you have a firm grip on your new hand hold before trying to find foot holds. the third person tells you to keep practicing. The forth person tells you to do what person 1 and 2 told you but added to make sure hand holds and foot holds are the right size for you to grip. You try person number fours advice because it sounded right to you. This time you make it all the way up the Rockwell. Because you asked more than one persons advice you found the right piece of advice you were looking for. Person 1 and 2 had good advice but number 4s advice was in more detail.

Their is a chicken a dog and a fox you need to cross a deep river with all the animals to. Their is a small row boat but it can't hold ll the weight at once. You don't know how you should do it but their are three other people near you that you could ask. The first person tells you to take the chicken across first then the fox lastly the dog. The second person tells you to take the dog first the chicken second and the fox third. The third person tells you to take the fox first the chicken second and the dog last. You think about it and decide on person number threes advice it works and you continue your journey. You choose the third persons advice because you if you took the dog first the fox would have attacked the chicken. If you took the chicken first the dog would have attacked the fox. By taking the fox first the chicken second and the dog last you succeeded.

My conclusion is that having more than one opinion is good because it allows for different points of view. With only one opinion it could be right or it could be wrong. With multiple points of view you have more data to pick from. More freedom to choose what you think is right. It opens your eyes to different ways of thinking and different ways of doing things. Which allows you to apply that to the things you do in life. Just like you wouldn't eat only the same thing for the rest of your life you.

You wouldn't want only one opinion either. Diversity of opinion is just as important.  