Imagine a world with a great transportation system that doesn't involve humans controlling the vehicles, yes, driverless cars. Sound futuristic? Yeah, but I think it could be better for us. The cars would have amazing technolgy, keeping us safer from human errors, because, let's face it, humans aren't perfect. We could take better care of our planet. And, no one would need to pay for another car, again.

The first reason we should have driverless cars, is because it is better for the planet. Google cofounder believes we could use driverless cars that would use half the fuel we use today. This would save fuel for future generations to come. Since we wouldn't be using as much fuel, there wouldn't be any concern of global warming. Think about your kids, your kids' kids, and so on. Do you want your grandkids to be suffering without any power source, or not even having a stable planet? No one wants that. Not only would driverless cars save our planet, they can help save lives.

Another reason we should have driverless cars, is because they can help save many human lives. These driverless cars would be computers, they can communicate to other driverless cars. And also, computers are perfect, they don't make mistakes. Humans, on the other hand, are not perfect. We make mistakes, it happens. So when a computer is driving a car, it would not make the mistakes humans do, therefore, saving hundreds of thousands of lives each year. These driverless cars would help save some money, as well.

The third reason we should have driverless cars, is because they would save a lot of money. No one would have to go out and fork out thousand of dollars on some new car. They could just use these driverless cars to transport them. Also, no one would have to pay for wrecks or insurance money, because these driverless cars wouldn't make mistakes to get them into car wrecks. We are looking at possibly of millions of dollars saved in just a year.

I think that having driverless cars would be a plus for society. They would save our planet, they are a lot safer, and they would save a lot of money. I don't know how soon this could be a