The Face of Mars is a myth that has been discussed for many years. It was first spotted when Viking 1, a space shuttle, flew over it as it was looking at Mars. Many conspiracy theories believe that this face was created by a lifeform on Mars, also known as aliens. NASA has denied this to be fact and stated that the Face is just a naturally made landform that coincidentally looks like a face.

It was first thought in 1976 that the landform was a face, and this was because the camera quality back then was unsatisfactory, and the picture that was taken was so pixelated that it looked like a face was built there on purpose. In recent years after going back and taking more pictures, scientists have realized that it is not at all a face, just a natural landform that looks like one.

If you believe that NASA is lying about it being a natural landform, I will pose this question to you, why? Why would you think NASA would lie about there being life on Mars? NASA would only benefit from life being on Mars, infact they were most likely hoping that there was life forms on Mars when they saw the Face for the first time. There is no reason for them to deny it if it was true. Garvin, NASA's chief scientist for the Mars exploration program, said, "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, that's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." Garvin is saying that it resembles natural landforms on Earth, which once again proves the fact that it was naturally created and not man, or alien made.

In conclusion, there is in fact no life on Mars, and it is ludicris to think otherwise. NASA has proven it to be true that the Face is just a natural landform, and nothing more. I have given many facts above that prove my statement to be correct. I hope that after reading this, if you believed there was life on Mars and that was the reason for the Face, you have been enlightened and now realize that you were indeed incorrect.  