Having to not worry about not staying alert constantly or saving up for a new car over a life time are a just a few benefits we could potentially recieve with the development of driverless cars. I feel that scientists and developers should continue the development of driverless cars because with this new technology the rate at which an accident occurs could potentially be decreased, the amount fuel used to operate a car would be cut in half, and if you ever decided to operate manually, the vehicle could apply its advanced accident safety systems before an accident has the oppurtunity to take place.

One reason why the development of driverless cars should be continued is because they can prevent accidents from occuring. Being built with the new technology allows these vehicles to stop when needed, slow down when entering harsh conditions, or alert the driver when an accident could potentially occur. These types of safety features could prevent head on collisons, hydroplaning on roads, and accidental traffic violations.

Another reason why the development of driverless cars should be continued is because they can cut the amount of fuel needed to power a vehicle by half. This is important because in today's modern day scientists have discovered that the amount of fossils fuels fuels in the world is decreasing exponentially. At that rate, they say that within the next five hundred years there will be no more fuel left. With the development of these types of vehicles, scientists have the ability to cut the amount of fuel needed in half, which could increae the number of years to one thousand.

The last reason for why the development of cars should be continued is because they can provide anticipated accident safety features. What I mean by this is that before a collision takes place, the advanced sensors constructed inside the car are able to detect an accident and provide an earlier response. This could mean that they will deploy airbags earlier or even apply substantial pressure to the brakes hundreds of feet away from opposing harm.

To say that driverless cars would be benficial is an understatement because they have the ability to change the world. Their new features could end the number of accidents involved with vehicles. The amount of gas that will be used could be saved and manipulated for other life changing technology. Lastly, they could prevent, us, drivers from suffering from severe injury in a collision.