What are the advantages of limitng car usage? Well ther are some causes of the use of car which is polllution. like it says in the passage, "Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower pollution" (source 3). Pollution can be really bad for the people. " The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violateros wil be fine twenty five dollars" (source 3). In bogota they have had a change with limiting car usage. "It was third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of seven million" (source 3).

People have been affected by this cause. Bogota has inpired many others to do this. Two Colombian cities has joine with them , Cali, and Valledupar. Bogota are "generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders" (source 3). Bogota just had one thing on their mind, which was to reduce smog. Ther are many other places with this king of cause. Paris has been the one most affected. " Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals" ( source 2). There has been four thousand drivers fined, and twenty seven had their car impounded for their reaction  of the fine. " After days of near-recorded pollution, Paris enfourced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city" (source 2).

The United States has been doing some reserach and turns out that, " Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by. The United States has been " one of the worls prime car cultures" (source 4). The united states have had the highest population growth of mile driven in two-thousand five and dropped down afterwards. The miles driven was nine percent lower than it was in two-thousand five. Car pullution has been affectig people. This is why they are reducing car usage. Its for their own good.

Pollution has been stopped with limiting the use of cars. People have been riding bikes, walking, etc, to places they have to go. They have sacrificed the use of car but has advanced their lifestyle. The have made a commitment to decrease the population of pollution. There have been talks to start inventing plug-in-cars, hybrids, and car carrying three or more passengers. There are going to find a way to stop pollution.

In Conclusion, pollution has been affecting people lives. They have done everything possible to stop pollution. There are limiting the use of cars, they are begining to transport themselves by bikes, or they walkThere goals are to " promote alternative transportation and reduce smog" (source 3). "The turnout was large despite the grey clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on Bogota" (source 3). All that smog goes up into the air and affects us. The limited car usage is really a good thing for your health and later on in your life.                                    