The era of mass car usage is slowly coming to an end. Many countries around the world are implementing innovative methods of limiting car usage in their country. Although a car may seem like the logical and easier way for one to get around, there are many other less costly, and better for the environment methods of transportation. It is crucial to the future of the environment for the world to act now and use less cars. Cars produce emisions that are very bad for the ozone. If the ozone tears, radiation from the sun will penetrate the atmoshpere and severely damage the earth in which so many life formes thrive. There are countless advantages of limiting car usage that would benefit all the world in the long-haul.

New communities are rising all over the globe where car usage is severely limited and all residents are pedestrians. It may seem like a dysfunctional community but the residents actually feel to the contrary. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," without the use of cars, residents and their families feel much more content. All the resources they need are within the community and definently within walking or biking distance. This is just one of many progressive ideas that has proved succesful and very beneficial.

In other cities where polution is very high, bans on car usage are coming into place very well. Citizens are discouraged by law to operate personal forms of transportation on certain days. This came into place in Paris after the whole city was drowned in smog. Smog is the pollution exerted from cars and mixed with fog. Although some people did break the law to use their car, it worked for the most part. Many people do not realize the the effect polution has on the environment until they are able to see pshysical change. That is why the world must act now before pshysical change can be seen globaly.

Change needs to happen now. Many communities are begining to see the effects of their cares and are using them less. Cars are a trend that is slowly decreasing. maybe one day, there will be no harmful car usage. Maybe one day. Change is a' comin.            