Taking classes online or video conferencing is one of the best way to help students,who can not afford to go to college and for older people that couldn't get the chance to further their education because of their financial state. Financial issues has become one of the problem in this generation of mankind, whereby students either have to pay to live on campus or out of campus to further their education,which has caused a lot of students out of school dorms because, they struggle to pay for them. Most students have daily jobs to help them afford to pay the bills, based on their level of education. Working and schooling is a difficult task on students because, one have to make time for school and work to be able to make everything easier and stress free.

Transportation and parking space has also been an issue for some reason, why some students prefer to take online classes from home to prevent them from being late to class. Colleges with large mass of land may not have enough parking space for students and we also believe that, not every student own a car or any type of moving vehicle where by one needs to park. when one is being able to attend classes from home, they get the chance to begin their lesson anytime during day after a long stressful day.

Students benefit from being able to attend classes online from home because, they accomplish more and get worked done faster in due time. With less distractions, they understand and enjoy the lesson, it helps them concentrate and more focus on what is being taught to them. They get to ask questions online, they also get more time to go over the lesson again to the right state of understanding the lesson. Lecturers reduce a lot on online students with less work and projects for them to have be ready for other assignments being given to them.

Taking classes online or video conferencing gives one enough to take care of other things, to be on time for lectures, help other students that couldnt go to college to feel they also have the right to achieve their goal once in a life time and to help others without transportion save money and more organised and time managment.