Is Venus a worthy persiut? Will it help us learn more about our Earth? The answer to these questions is yes. Venus has some features that are really similar to the ones on Earth. By learning more about Venus we can apply the knowlege to our palnet to further help it. This knowledge can be applied to avoid catastrophes or other bad furtune.

One way we know exploring Venus is a good idea. Is the fact that Venus is a dead ringer for earth. Their apperance is uncanny just by looking at them. Venus and Earth are really similar plants, they are even nicknamed twins. Earth's size is extremely close to Venus's size. The fact that these planets share a similar size can help infer that they work and sustain themselves similiar. For example, if two people are the same size they probably have similar needs. Their caloric, water, nutrient, and other needs are probably the same. Knowing more about Venus can help the Earth be a healthier place.

Another reason the exploration of Venus is essential is that Venus used to have the same geological features that earth has now. We know that Venus was once covered by ocean just like Earth. The surface also was evidence of rocky sediments. This can help infer that there used to be valleys, mountains, and even craters. The earth inhabits all of these characteristics as well. What happend to the ones in Venus? The answer is unknown that is why it is crucial to explore Venus so that Earth can avoid the same misfortune as its twin planet.

The last reason Venus needs to be explored is that by the few times that it was explored. The is evidence of past life. There is a big chance that Venus supported various forms of life. These forms of life are now certainly absent on Venus due to the horrid atmosphere. Why is life absent? The reason is unknown, but Venus has answers. The future of man kind depends on an exploration to Venus. The Earth can not parish, just as Venus did. Scientist need to uncover why Venus is in the condition it is in, so that they can mold Earth's future for the better to substain forms of life.

Venus and Earth share so many characteristics. Knowing all the possible information about Venus can help the Earth avoid the current state of Venus. Their size will help us know the needs of Earth. The change of the geological features in Venus can help humans prepare for change. Finally, Knowing what happend to the forms of life in Venus can help the human race live on. All these factors are crucial for the prosperity of our home. 