Cell phones are very addictive in this present life today. Everyone always have their heads down in phones paying no attention to the world. Cell phones are a big distraction if you look on the safe side. You have social media the bad and violence the games that's knocking sleep due to staying up on phones but what's worse is people try and use phones while driving. Not so good that can cause lots of problems and bad things to happen.

People in today's life does not worry about the consequences that can come their way later in life or right then and there. Anything can happen or go wrong while you on the phone and driving. I prefer if you do not be on the phone and driving at the same time. You can put your life or others life in bad shape while driving and on the phone. Especially the innocent lives should not be viewing bad things like that it is setting a bad influence on the kids and others in the situation.

Driving while on the phone is also illegal to do you can be sent to jail or killed during the bad decision. You can easily drift off of the highway and hit a car that's slowing down or anything you never know what could happen while on your cell phone and driving. Someone can be coming out of and parking lot you won't know because your busy on the phone and in the 5 seconds you on your phone boom ! just like that car crash or even worse. As I stated earlier, what if you have that innocent person with you and the person is injured due to what you have done.

Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become the importance of our life. People in this world use their phones for just about everything now there's no such thing as a dictionary or books because it's all in the phones. But, that doesn't give you rights or authority to be on your phone and harm someone else's life. I feel that it is very harmful in lots of ways.

It will be very important if you just stay off the cell phones until it's a great timing because driving and on your phone is not what you should do at anytime. I strongly agree that on your and driving is the most dangerous thing drivers can do on the road. Put the phones down and keep your eyes on the road at all times. Its key to being safe while on the road many people have died from car crashes and its best to avoid and accident like that. Stop the violence and stop texting and driving.   