When people ask for advise often they talk to multiply people including trusted friends and family. It is important to ask your friends and family for their opinions and their advise because it will help you do what you feel is right, and will help you or your friends give advise to those who are in need of some one to tell their troubles to and get the comforting advise they need to feel better.

For example when I moved here back in 2014 when I was by my self, I was picked on because I was different and new. I did not have any friends,but then my Dad told me that it was a new state and a new town,and that I could build a new me and a new life and that one piece of advise coupled with the fact that I made a friend who told me that because I was new I did not need to fit in to have friends,but I needed to be me. talking to my dad and my new friend gave me different yet advise that I desperately needed. For another example my best friend was having a awful day and had no one to talk to,but me so he told me his troubles and what was happening and I listened to his story of woe and gave him advise,and the support he needed.

You see people sometime tell me what on their mind because they know I'll give them advise and support,and people they could get even more or better advise from. Plus I and one of three people I know who have a great deal compassion,and are really happy to give really helpful advise to people who need it. Because if we are not seeking advise and multiply options on subjects or your current course of action then we will never learn and will loose that compassion that makes us humans,and not cavemen.

So in conclusion when people ask for advise they often consult multiply people including friends and family and is important to get multiple opinions and advise because it will help you do what you feel is right, and will help you or your friends be compassion enough give advise to those who are in need of some one to tell their troubles to and get the compassion advise they need to feel better.