Should people be allowed to use their cell phone while driving a vehicle? The answer to that question is a very complex one. You would have to be very specific when it comes to this because you have texting while driving, calling someone/ answering a phone call while driving, and lastly using social media while driving. Using your phone while driving is definitely a risk, but it also depends on what you are doing on that cell phone.

Texting while driving is by far the most dangerous this to do while driving a vehicle. When you are texting you take your eyes off the road many times. In the time you look at your phone to text someone back, you leave an opening for potential car accidents. For instance, let's say you get a text from an old friend and you decide to text back. In the time you are texting back you run a red light and someone crashing into you. You most definitely prevented that if only you weren't texting. While you are driving you don't need any distractions, its just you and the road. I know that people are not stupid and wont take their eyes off the road for a very long time, but lets just say that you arent looking and the other person in the other car was distracting too, there is a more likely chance for a car accident in that scenario.

Calling someone or receiving a call from someone while driving is not as dangerous as texting while driving. The reason for this is because, when you are having a conversation on the phone you don't have to be looking at the phone in order to talk. You could place the phone on your lap and just talk. You still have your eyes on the road and talking on the phone. Yes, sometimes it can be dangerous. That's only if you let the conversation be more important than your road safety. Being on the phone while driving is still risky and yes, you could probably also get in an accident. The thing is, it's less likely than texting while driving. It is more safe to be on the line with someone else while driving than to text someone because texting you are constantly looking down. Anything could happen, but you don't need to be looking at your phone in order to speak to them on the phone.

Being on social media while driving is a definite no, it is as bad as texting while driving. You are only distracting yourself while being on social media while driving. That is something you could do when you get to your destination or when you get home. Being on social media is not important enough to risk your life over. Why would you ever put liking a picture on instagram over the safety of your life. Texting and being on social media are more dangerous than anything else. You might think it's stupid like "omg why would anyone ever be on social media while driving" but trust me, a lot of people do it. Apparently checking someone's snapchat story is more important than your life.

In conclusion, i say that being on your phone while driving for the most part is not okay. The only thing i know for sure is that taking a phone call while driving isn't as bad as texting and driving. Be safe while driving and don't do anything stupid, keep your eyes on the road at all times. If you must answer a text at least wait until a red light so that it is less risky for you and others.    