Ã‚Â¨95% of all people who ask for advice from multiple people have a 90% chance of making a better choice then they would have if they had didnÃ‚Â´t,Ã‚Â¨ according to the National Advice Orginazation. This is why asking multiple people for advice is better than just asking one person for advice, it also helps better desicion making, it helps with accountalbility, and it finally helps with confidence in the desicions made.

First of all, I think that asking multiple people for advise is better than just asking one person because you can get different opinions in things, like how the person feels or what they know about the topic. Asking people about the topic you are asking them about, it can also effect your choices you make. Mutliple opinions can change how you see about a topic, and can change your view about the topic/s covered or talked about. Multiple people will/can effect your choice about certain subjects, if you listen to them that is.

Second of all, I think multiple opinions can help account for accountability for choices you make with sed opinions. Ã‚Â¨Opinions have strong influences, and those influences have strong outcomes,Ã‚Â¨ says the Generic_City Times News Outlet. You have to be accountable for your actions and choices, if your not everyone will try to stay away from you. If you follow a certain speaker, or somebody on the internet and you are only seeing their opinion, they are influencing you and you need to see other opinions to get the full story.

Third of all, seeking multiple opinions helps build confidence in the decisions made. Seeking the opinions of multiple people can build the confidence in the decision that the person seeking sed opinions make. They help make the choices with better confidense then they would have without asking first. Asking for multile opinions also helps with whether or not the desicion should be made or not.

In conclusion, asking for multiple opinions can better help you out for better desicion making, accountability, and with confidense with sed opinions. Multiple opinions can influence you eithor in a good or bad way. It can also help with accountability with your actions. The multiple opinions help build up confidence in your choices. Overall, I think it is important to ask multiple people for their opinions because of the effect it could have, and the outcome of doing so. 