Do you think that drivers should or shouldn't be able to use their phone in the car? I think that drivers should not use their phone in the car. A lot of people get into accidents and some leads to death just because your texting or doing other things on your phone. We all know that cellphones can be really distracting but putting them away can save a lot of lives. Not having your phone out is the same as not having accidents.

One reason why you should not have cell phones is because a lot things can happen which is bad. For example You can be arguing with somebody on the phone and not see that the light turned red and keep going and a truck come and hit you. Arguing while texting can get you into a really bad situation also. While texting you will take your eyes off the road and just like that somebody can cross the street or you can run into something. If the call or text is urgent just pull the car over so you can reply or answer and nobody gets hurt.

Cell Phones are really distractive in way that you think you can drive and text but really you are in a bad crash. Your brain can tell you to do one thing at a time and when you try and do both, you panic and that can cause a crash. Both driving and texting needs concentrations so when you try to focus on both your mind gets overwhelmed and you crash. Once you get in the car just put the phone away and out of sight. Focusing on the road is the main key on the road than texting.

Texting while driving is very dangerous. You need your hands for texting so that requires you to take your hand of the wheel and the car can not be controlled. Not having a controlled car can lead to accidents. Being distracted is the main point by how dangerous texting and driving is. Texting and driving is so dangerous that is way more severe than a drunk driver.

Finally, with proven facts, texting and driving is the most dangerous thing to do. There is so many lives getting costed just so you can send a message. Texting and driving is also against the law so unless you wanna pay, put the phone away. Put the phones away because you can hit anybody loved ones and actually kill them and you wouldn't want the same to happen to you. Putting the phones away is saving one life at a time.   