Many people often ask for advice from many people about a choice or decision. Talking and interacting with others that have had to make the same choice can end up benefiting someone in so many ways. It can help someone maybe rethink his or her decision and change his or her mind. It also can make that person feel more assured about making the right choice. When talking to others, someone may end up viewing outcomes him or her never thought of. Asking others for advice can be beneficial, because someone's mind may get changed, see more than one outcome, and feel much better about making a decision.

One reason why taking advice from many people is beneficial is that it can possibly help someone change his or her mind about a decision. The people that someone interacts with may bring up points that him or her had never thought of before talking to that person. Those points could play as a very big factor in whatever that person decides. Changing your mind might be very easy or very hard. It all depends on how one feels after talking with others. Someone's mind might be set on his or her decision, but it could change quickly after hearing someone else.

Taking advice from many people can also help someone see the possible outcomes of his or her choice. Someone's older friend may have had to make the same decision when he or she was that person's age. That friend might be able to show how making that choice was good or bad. The decision someone makes may be very minor. Sometimes a decision can haunt someone for the rest of his or her life. That person may regret making that decision forever. Seeing how others ended up in the long run can make affect someone's decision heavily.

One more reason why taking advice from lots of people can be beneficial is that someone would feel much better about his or her decision. That person may feel better knowing that others went through the exact same thing. Someone and his or her peer might be going through the same dilemma at the exact same time. That person may not feel alone as much, because someone else is probably in the exact same boat. Someone's family and friends will probably support that person's decision. Feeling better about a decision can make someone less stressed, too. That person might be a much happier and more tender soul. Talking to others about advice on making a decision leads to someone feeling better about not only the decision made, but it relieves stress as well.

In conclusion, talking and interacting with many people for advice can be very beneficial. It can lead to someone changing his or her mind, because a good point was brought up to them. Someone may also see more than one outcome after listening to peers that have been through similar situations. That could make a person think about the future and what is the best decision to make. Lastly, a person would feel much better, because people would support that person and know what is best for that person. Making tough decisions can be very tough, but taking advice from many people can help in so many ways. 