For starters, the power to read someones emotion is too much, what if the person dose not want to be read and would like some privacy. Facial recognition is already a thing and the reading emotions is a useless waste of tax dollars for more reason than one.

if this is a goverment funded project, then, one why, and two, what for. in the case that you are wasting money for things more immportant, like fixing the hunger epidemic, or stopping corupt people from oppressing others, you have decided to make a technology that reads faces, there are uses for this tech, but is it what we need or is it something that can wait untill everyone is happy and healthy. Understaning that there are uses for tech like this, what other uses does it have, the only thing for it is the "makeing school lessons less boring".

In another case, people not wanting to be read like a book and having it done anyway, dose not sound like fun. Creating a socity where everyone knows how everyone else feels, there are flaws that will devistate populations, perhaps someone dose not want to talk about somthing and the compter or cellphone with this new tech dose not know this, then offends the persson by telling a dark secret or spilling the beans about your emotions to some blabermouth that spits the info to the internet for example "to an expert, faces dont lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a smiling polititinn or celebrity isn't being truthful." not only dose this tech give people the power to see through fake smiles, but it is also a hudge invasion of privacy and should be frowed upon, then again when has a polititian ever been truthful to begin with.

The main point is, with this tech taking away the ability to hold a secret, it makes our socity seem like robots and always wanting to be read like a book and have our emotions described as "numbers on a spread sheet" or words on a screen. The entire reason we are human is because we can read emotions without the use of a machiene telling us how we feel, insted of our friends asking us "are you okay" a computer program says "you are feeling sad" after some trgic event. Also the program has only basic emotions and feelings progamed into it, nothing as complex as a state of deep depretion.

However this program could be useful for diegosing depression and stats that doctors still have trouble finding. Imagine if insted of reading feeling and telling you how you feel, the program could, for say; recomend a way to feel better if you are sad, or help relive anger stress with some soothing music, and even help make sure everyone is happy with out the big buck spending for therpy of a phycologist.

In conclution there are both good and bad things this program can do, but with all that power come a lot of risk and exposure. Read somthing wrong and disaster wil stike. Leave something unchecked and things get out of hand, but worst of all if the program gliches or the machiene malfunctions and someone pays the price with their life. But, remember just because its smarter than a human, dose not mean it cant fall victem to human error.