When people ask for advice, people sometimes talk to more than one person. When asking for advice, it is always good to ask more than one person because if you were only to ask one, you may not get as clear of information as you would from asking multiple individuals. You should always ask at least two people about advice because it opens your mind up to see two different opinions. This will allow you to hear both the positives and the negatives of the situation. One person may be nice all the time and only tell you the things you want to hear, and one may be super truthful, telling you the things you may not want to hear, but are very beneficial. If you were to only ask advice from one person, you may not get the advice you're looking for.

If an individual were to go an ask a really nice person, who always says nice things and only tells a person what they want to hear, then they may get a response they love and decide not to go and ask anybody else. Only hearing advice from a nice person is good because an individual may have more confidence in themselves and feel better about how there are as a person. The nice individual may say something nice to someone, but may not always mean it. If that were the case, then the opinion a person receives from them might not be useful, and that they might be setting themselves up for failure. So when asking a nicer person, you might have to consider the fact that they might not being telling you their honest opinion. They might only be telling you what you would want to hear.

Now if an individual goes to an honest person and asks them for advice, they will most likely hear a very detailed version of what that person thinks of the situation. It is always good to ask someone nice about what they think of a situation, but it is also good to ask someone who will give you the honest truth. When asking this person about their opinion, they will tell you their honest opinion, regardless of what you want to hear, which could end up with a persons feelings getting hurt. Going to this person may be beneficial, but that person may need to be prepared for some constructive criticism. If an individual cannot receive constructive criticism without breaking down and crying, or taking the advice to emotionally, then it would be best to not ask that person for advice. Although it may be tough to hear what they are telling you, it will most likely be the best advice someone can give you.

When asking two individuals about advice, they should always try to hear both sides of advice. It is always good to ask multiple people about advice because the more people you ask, the better advice you will receive. Some people may have great things to say, while others may not. It may not be what you want to hear, but you should always take everyone's opinion into consideration. The more people a person can ask, the better information that person will gather. Also that person will be more confident about the situation or decision because they will have heard opinions from both sides. Then the individual can sum up the people's opinions and make a final decision. That is why when for advice, it is always good to talk to more than one person.