With sickness spreading throughout the world, and many students missing classes for vacations and sporting events I feel like being able to take online classes, video call, or watch online videos will help take the stress load off students and teacher.

I believe that this will help the students because I have had experiences with attending class from home. As a freshman I wanted to be part time home schooled. I would go to school three times a week and the other two days I would either go into a really small class with about four other home schooled children or I would video call in. when that year ended I went back to public schools and it was hard to get used to. If you missed school for a sport event or if you left on a vacation you would have to go in and get all the homework from all the classes you would miss. But even after you did that you would have to teach yourself all of the lessons the teachers would teach and try and figure it out on your own. When this happened to me a couple of times I was frustrated because I was usually able to go online to a teachers website and watch the video that they took in class. I realized how important this was to student who missed school for other reasons. The videos would help the student not fall behind and try and catch up with the rest of the class when they got back. It would also help the teacher because they would not have to worry about the student falling behind when the student could go on the teachers website and watch the videos from class.

My second point is sickness. Its not fun to miss classes because your sick. Last year I was sick for an entire week at the beginning of the quarter and I had to make up so much homework and classwork that it took me the entire quarter to catch up. I feel like if the teacher had done a video call with me while I was at home or made videos for me I would have been able to come back to school with all the work that I missed all made up and ready to learn. Also with whats happening in the world around us the Corona virus is spreading and some schools are closing down to try and stop the spread of the disease. I feel like this is the perfect time for the schools to try and teach from home because no one wants to make up weeks of lost time. This would make it easier for the teachers and the students.

My third and final point is that some students don't really want to go to school five days a week. They could go for a couple of days and on the days they're not there they could take the classes online. It would also help with getting a job. You could work two full days a week and weekends if you only went to school for three days and took the rest online. I had a friend who did that her senior year and she loved it and was able to save up enough money to go to collage to continue her education. Some students might not have the ability to make it to school everyday. In our school system many people come to my school from far away. So on days that their parents work or days they can't make it to school they could video call into class.

In conclusion if you miss a day for sickness or for a sport or for any other reason dont stress out just go to your teachers website and watch what you missed and all will be good. Having the option of taking classes online or through video call will not only help the students but the teachers. It will stop the spread of sickness from students who are to afraid of missing school so the show up sick and get others sick. it will also help with people getting jobs to save for collage or other big things. I feel like having the option to take the classes online or video call in will greatly impact schools in a good way.