When asking for advice, 93% of the people in America talk to more than one person. I think seeking multiple opinions will help you make a better choice rather than asking one person for advice.

It could also help you out with other situations through out life. This is why you should talk to more than one person when asking for advice, you can get other peoples opinions, the way others understand your situation, you can see situations differently.

When you talk to more than one person to ask for advice you can get other peoples opinion. Everyone you know thinks differently. Sometimes people may have some of the same thoughts but not every situation has the same solution. What one person has to say is different from what another person says.

People understand things differently. Some people you talk to will not understand your situation. They will not see the situation the way you see it. If they do not completely understand your situation they could say the wrong thing. When they say the wrong thing it could make your situation a lot worse. You should always have multiple people you know you can trust and you could talk with to ask for advice in any situation. While others will know exactly what to say and do because they probably have been in situations like yours.

You can see other situations differently. When you talk to more than one person to ask for advice you start to see things differently. It changes the way you think about any situation. You will have an open mind and you will know what to say when other people ask you for advice. Knowing what to do when other people ask you for advice can help you out with a lot through life. It can help build stronger relationships and people can trust you. Trust is very important because people can talk to you about anything and you will know how to react and what to say.

In conclusion, talking to more than one person to ask them for advice can help you make the better choice. It can also help you out with other situations later in life. This is why you should talk to more than one person when asking for advice, you can get other peoples opinions, the way others understand your situation, you can see situations differently. 