If my principle were to require every student to participate in an extra curricular activity, I would disagree. I choose to disagree because, some students might not have the time, parents or adults at home cant take or pick them up, money problems, students are needed at home and, they should be able to have the choice to participate in an extracurricular activity or not. I feel it is unfair to force all students to participate in an activity.

Many students might not have the time to do an extracurricular activity. They could have a lot of homework they must do or, they could be busy doing other things. Parents might also not have the time to bring their kids to the activities and pick them up as well. Many parents work and they might even work until late. How would they be able to transport their kids to and from their activities? From my expirience, my parents are both really busy. My dad goes to work from early in the morning and doesn't get home until about 7PM. He's busy all day. Therefore, he wouldn't be able to to get my siblings or I from our activities. My mom also helps my dad at work, they're both really busy. She has to take my brother and I to our practices everyday then, pick us up. I myself am a busy person. I have practice 5 times a week and they're back to back. Sometimes I have to wait hours to eat and most nights I don't have enough time to do my homework. I go to sleep late and do it all over again the next day. You can't buy time or make it go by slower to get to and from those activities. It all doesn't fit into some peoples scheduals.

Forcing students to participate in an extracurricular activity isn't fair for a lot of reasons. Some students might not be interested in sports. Some might not be interested in being on the school council. Some might not be interested in working on the yearbook. Some just might not be interested in any of the activities that are provided. Everyone has different things they like or enjoy doing. Forcing students to do something they don't like, makes them feel uncomfortable or out of place, it isn't fair. It makes them miserable. Schools focus on including everyone but sometimes they don't include how a student feels.

Money is also an issue. I know for a fact that participating in a sport isn't free. Nothing in this world is ever really free. We never know about a familys money situation but, it's important to keep in mind that some people struggle and that includes even providing food for their family. On top of that housing bills, other bills, insurance, taxes and savings is already a hassle for a family who is struggling. Adding activities that require a payment for an activity that a kid is forced to do is even more unfair and more trouble. It adds too much stress.

In conclusion, forcing students to participate in an extracurricular activity could be an inconvienance as well as unfair. Not a lot of good things come out of a situation like this. The negatives cancel out the positive.        