Self driving cars. Everybody wants a car that can drive itself, but is it really practical? Many people say that self driving cars are a thing of the future, while others argue that they should not exist. Autonomous cars are not practical and should not be on the road because they are dangerous, impractical, and boringly monotonous.

Self driving cars are dangerous because they will not be able to sense or detect danger as wells as humans could. "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." Cars are not safe under the care of automized vehicles due to the fact that there are too many variables and sporadic possibliltys when driving.

Now other than dangerous, they are also very impractical. Early forms of self driving cars such as "Traffic Jam Assistant" are examples of how impractical they are. "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph," this is a very slow speed and seems almost useless. Along with only going 25 mph self driving cars also require you to keep your hands on the wheel at all times. "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?".

To add on to driverless cars being impractical, automated cars would make road trips very boring and dull. "The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge," admits Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW Project manager driver." Taking road trips would be the only thing that comes mind when thinking of why you would need a driverless car, and then even road trips would become very repetitive and bland. "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." this shows that autonomous cars would take the fun out of taking road trips.

All in all, Autonomous cars are not the next big thing and are potentially a huge safety hazard. Driver assistance may be something that could be useful to drivers with impairments but driverless cars is taking it to the next level. Without roads to pair with these cars the use of driverless cars is impractical and not down to earth. So go out there and show your car some appreciation and give it a test drive, completely un-automated.