The advantages of limiting car usage is that there would be less pollution in the story it says that paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. There would be less trafic jams in the artical it stated that millans of colobians hiked,biked,skated or took busses to work during a car free day, because there are less cars they were able to replace bad sidewalks with smooth nice sidewalks and new restronts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. In the artical it said that parks and sport centersalso have boomed throughout the city uneven pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad,smooth sidewalks, rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic and new restronts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

Some other advantages of limiting car usage would be that people would be more fit and not fat since they have to bike or walk places instead of eating mcdonalds and driving around. And since there alweays biking or walking places they would feel stronger and not as week they would know that in a situation where there stranded witout a car they can ralay on walking places since there more used to walking than driving. And i feel that if people started walking instead of driving people would be more friendly to each other and they would know one another but if everyone was driving like how they are they are there only way of comunication is to honk at one another so they never actually get to talk and get to know each other.

Some ideas i have to make this work is to make the tikets of driving a car higher and make smoother and better roads/sidewalks, and if you really want this to work you have to make better bikes that are easyer to ride faster sronger and more reliable other than selling a piese of metal on two weels or you could lover the prises of bikes and walking shoes because not everyone can afford the best bikes and walking shoes so if you lowerd your prises people can actually afford transportation such as bikes, skateboards and all that other good stuff instead of a car.

Right now would be a good time to start trying to make people ride bikes or walkn other than using a car because according to the artical americas love affair with its vehicals seems to be cooloing , when adjusted for population growth ,the number of miles driven in the united states peaked in 2005 and dropped stedially thereafter. Car ownership per household and per person started to come down two or three years before the downturn said Mickael Sivak ,who studies the trend and who is an reaserch professor at the university of michigan transportation reaserch instatude. And if the patterns keep going like how they are it will have benefical implications for corbon emission and the enviorment. These are all the reasons and facts why we should limit car usage and start walking or riding bikes.    