Dear Florida Senator,

I am here to tell you about the electoral collage, and not why we should keep the horrible thing, but how we can replace it with something better. The electoral collage has been in use for a very long time, since the Constitution was finalized, but it should end now. The Electoral Collage is a confusing system that can easily be manipulated and changed to benifit one political party. As shown in many past elections, it has just become another reason people do not want to vote. Popular vote is easy and simple and it should be used in future elections.

First of all confusion is a huge factor when talking about  the Electoral collage. We as voters do not want all these processes. We do not want hoops that we want to jump through. We are simple people who want a simple process. In the electoral collage,  there are 538 electors, with a majority of 270 needed to be voted in as president. Each state gets entitled to two for your senators, and one for each member of the House of Representatives. This so far is making my head spin. This could be so much simpler if we just used the poular voting system. In this system, the people can directly vote for thier president without any huge hassel. This makes it easier and more fair for the voters. Speaking of fair, lets talk about how Unfair the Electoral Collage is.

In the Electoral Collage, there is no partial winning. It is a winner take all system, with the exception of Maine and Nebraska. This makes it very unfair to votes. Swing states add on to this idea. Swing states are very large states that have a higher representation in the Electoral collage. These are also the main targets of presidential cannidates. By getting these swing states, cannidates can gain a lot of votes in one state. This leaves other states, such as Ohio and Montana with little to no interaction from the presidential cannidates. This is not fair. We need the popular vote system. We need to be able to equally represent everyone without any shady practices. And that is the last topic, the electors really control the final outcome.

The final sin of the electoral collage is just too big to look over. The electoral collage can change wether a person is voted in or not because of the electors. They choose who they represtent. If you can not see where this is going let me explain. A set of people who want a specific president can just represent him. This could go so far as to leave a state with only representatives of one cannidate. This could never happen in popular vote because we don't have electors, we have people. We have real American people who want to vote for who they want to vote for. Nothing more, nothing less.

Even though the Electoral Collage seems like th root of all evil, there are a few upsides. First, there is less likely to have a dispute than a popular vote. A dispute is not impossible, it is just less likely. Second, big states are weighted how they should be. They are larger states that comprise most of the population and the country. They should be represented more than smaller states. Finally, since it is a winner takes all, there are no Run-Off elections. This keeps the process shorter, but not as short as it would be in the popular vote system.

So to conclude, popular vote should be used in upcomming elections. The electoral collage is a confusing system that can easily be manipulated to help or hurt a specific cannidate. Although the electoral collage properly represent smaller states and avoids Run-Off elections, it does not represent smaller states and can easly shift the election from one side to another. Popular vote keeps the process short and makes it fair. It represents everyone fairly. I do not want you to agree with me, I want you to look and the cold hard facts. Popular vote should be used in the Election from now on.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME    