Have you ever thought about staying after school with your friends? To maybe relax and talk to some of your teachers, play some basketball with the upper classmates, and spend time with others that you don't normally see. Many are the reasons why forcing students to complete at least one extracurricular activity a week is important. First of all it will increase the number of other students you have connections with, you could find a new hobby or spend time to perfect one, and finally bad behavior will decrease and lead to healthier choices.

Although It is always important to take a break by spending your time on something you truly like, extracurricular activities not only expand your knowledge but also your friend group. By spending time with others that have the same passions as you, you will find connections with other students and make friends. Therefor if an individual just moved from another state, chances are low that they know anyone, after school activities like basketball will bring them together with many others. Higher levels of education can bring an extreme everyday stress, being able to play a sport or do puzzles instead of keeping it to your self, will release a lot of it.

This activities can also help you find hobbies you might to pursue in your future years or even as a career.

For example enrolling in the student council will maybe spark an interest in politics, and year book club a love for photography, the possibilities are infinite. These grades of school are all about changes, if an activity you started at the beginning of the school year does not interest you anymore, you could always switch to an alternate. Because practice is a big factor of success, perfecting a hobby you already know is also great. While trying all of this, you will always find someone that will be with you.

Staying after school hours will decrease bad decisions. In a closed and constructed environment supervisors will always be around to guide the student to the next level of their learning. Instead of just going home and laying on the bed or couch for endless hours, staying at school will give you motivation to do your home work. Sometimes just staying after school is better than being alone. It's easier to be pushed with the wrong people whose principles are not healthy. I try to stay after school at least once a week, one time for constructive work that will teach me something unusual, such as

MUN

( Model United Nations), and another day for recreational purposes, like basketball for the school's team.

The participation of every student in extracurricular activities once a week is essential, and an extraordinary idea. Although school already takes about 8 hours a day, staying after school at least four times a month is a valid usage of your time. Gives everyone a chance to discover new hobbies or make some of their old ones even better, it helps the students release stress and find new friends but most importantly it increases a healthier life with fewer bad decisions. Having the chance of staying after school gave me the possibility to make one if my closest friends, and to win many middle school MUN conferences. Overall the effect of after school on students is positive. 