Schools offer a large variety of ways for their students to attend daily classes. Many schools offer online classes and video conferencing, which have become a wide spread in today's society. Online classes have shown to help students to obtain their education off campus and has shown to be a very recommended option throughout schools. Online classes help students who are sick, help students without transportation to school, and can be taken when schools are closed.

When schools are closed down due to unexpected weather or holidays, online classes can be taken during the time. Students will be able to complete their work and move on to the lesson, no matter how many days school is closed. When its election day is held, some schools must close for students so that the building may be used for voting. Sudden natural disasters can shutdown schools for a large amount of days or perhaps cause destruction to the school which will result into months of absents. Online classes help students gain the information they miss out on and can move through the school year much faster.

Sickness can make a negative impact on schools and effect students ability to attend their classes. Sick students will be able to complete their work at home so the won't have to face the problem of unfinished school work the next day. If a sick student shows up to school, many of the other students health and wellness can be put in grave danger. With sick students at home finishing their classwork, schools can have a safe, clean, and germ free environment for all other students.

Lastly, many students find it difficult to arrive to school without a way of transportation. Some students live out of a school's designated bus area, which makes it challenging for those particular students to come to classes. With online classes, there is no need for transportation when the student can complete their work right on the foot of their bed. There isn't a one hundred percent chance that the student will start the work, but online schooling can make a huge change in most students who are intrigued into learning.

Today's era finds online learning a great benefit to students. Its advantages shows why its highly used by many public schools. Online classes can make a huge help to absent students who are badly sick or can't make it to school. Online classes can be the best option for many schools across the nations.