People all over the world ask for advice and for opinions but also seeking for multiple opinions could help effect people to make good choices by persuading people, Seeing different views of others, And lastly you could learn from other opinions.

When it comes to seeking multiple opinions, people can start to persuade others. For example, If you where to not go to college people might ask "why you are not going" and you say, "because it's boring" they are going to give you a whole bunch of reasons why you should go to college. People may give different things you are interested in, or they might even give you colleges that have majority of the things you like. On the other hand, you could want to go to college but you don't know which one to go to, it's best to ask for advice because it could help you understand more about what you can do in the future.

Looking at different views of people's opinions can be very interesting when it comes to seeing different opinions and also could help when it comes to advice. When you look at different points of view from other people you could benefit a lot from it because their opinions could be better than yours and you could go and stick to that opinion that they said. You could be talking about clothing and how the clothing has to match the outfit that you are wearing and usually you ask for an advice or an opinion to see if it matches what you are going to wear the next day.

Learning from multiple opinions can be very fun and very educational when you don't even realize it. Most of the time people listening to other people's opinion but then,

sometimes you debate about who's opinion is better and you get a view of both sides and how both people think and how it's better than the other. When you and the other person are going back and forth to see both sides you start to state facts on who's opinion is better.

In conclusion, seeing multiple different people's advice and opinions are very educational, very persuading, and very inetersting beacuse not everyone thinks the same. The reasons why it is educational is because people might have more facts in the debate than you and you learn more. Next, it's persuading because people can give reason why you should do something instead of wasting your time. Finally, it's interesting because when your looking at different views of other people's opinions you learn more.