People for many years have always been fasinated with self-driving cars. Since 2009 google has had cars that can drive automatic under certain conditions, but no driverless car has been truly driverless. Although driverless cars have a lot of positive aspects about them, there are more negative. I believe they are wrong.

First, they are not safe. Not one driverless car has been able to drive safely without the help of a actual driver. If road costruction, accidents, or roadblocks come up then the driver must help and take over. So, If the driver falls asleep in the vehicle and doesn't hear the warnings that help is needed then there could be a crash or collision.

Second, the amount of money that would need to be put into this action. If driverless cars were to become a part of today's society then we would be wasting alot of money to make one car. What if people can't afford to pay for a self-driving car? Then will the smart cars still be able to risk the possibility of crashes when all the other cars or drivers on the street aren't safe. The smart car can't detect everything. To make a driverless car the vehicle needs a lot of sensors. Sensors are not cheap and the car needs a lot of them, that's roughly a couple million dollors.

Lastly, the technology could fail. To have driverless cars you would need to do a lot of updating to keep everything udated with today's traffic laws and more. If a law is changed or a new stop sign is added or stop light then the technolgy could fail and cause a crash or collision. Then who's fault is it? The driver for not helping the car when needed or the manufacturer who made the car the way it is.

Although driverless cars have a lot of postive aspects about them, there are more negative. I believe they are wrong. Driverless cars are just as dangerous as a person driving an actual car everywhere. There will be way to much conflict over this topic until they have everything working properly and everything is safe. Either way this topic is to big to avoid. 