The face is just a naturl landform by being a " huge rock formtion" (3) as they said in the story. They said that this is just a huge rock formation with shadows giving the illuion of the facial features. Also weater this was real or fake they still hoped it would be a good way to get mars in public attention. It most certainly did get the attention they wanted Mars to get. And if we never took those last photos what would of happen to this research project.

As they told us in the story that this as probably just a huge rock formation with shadow giving it the facial feautures to make it look like a person. Some people stil dont belive NASA that that is what it is, they think alliens created that. But those people are probaly wrong becasue those people dont get close looks like NASA and dont get to go into space and look at that these things like NASA gets to do. Also no aliens would just go out on mars and make a random face there for everyone to look at. It pretty much is just a huge rock if you look at it from the pictures and you can tell that the shadows are giving its facial features.

Next, this was all to hopefuly get Mars into some publicity with us and make us pay a little bit more attention now that they hade what some people think is a faec on Mars. And for everyone to try to get Mars this public attention they succeded because everyone started talking about Mars a little more. By the people talking about Mars was not just people it was Hollywod films, magazines, radio talk shows, even haunting grocery store checkout lines for 25 years. When Mars got onto the talk shows and the Hollywood films it strted to get bigger and everone start talking about it even more than they already were.

Also when the Viking missions were over and the talk started to die down a little NASA went back and took more pictures of that so called face again and more closer this time. When they took the photos the first time it was Mar's cloudy month and you couldnt see the "face" very clear and good to get good looks at it. And that wasnt the last time the took another picture of it because on April 5, 1998 "Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos"(7). Then after taking the such good photos they were going to upload them to a JPL web site where they had thousands of anxioius web surfers wating to see the image(7). Once they posted it and everyone got their look at it on the web site they said " a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all" (7).

Last, after all the people though that it was a alien and NASA

thought it was just a shadow NASA was right. Also maybe if we never gave Mars all the public attention you would never know if ths would happen either. And if that last picture that had been ten times better than the originals not been taken then we may not of never knew if it was a alien or the NASA research of just being a shadow. 