Safety in numbers, isn't that the saying? When we are in groups we often feel safer. For example, is watching a horror movie alone or with friends more scary. Exactly. That's why when we are in groups you might be more tempted to say what is on your mind, especially if you are seeking help with something that is bothering you. Also in a group, you would be more likely to find answers or solutions. People should seek multiple opinions when they have a problem.

First off, it's widely known that group settings are much better than one-on-one type settings. Many legislative branches all over the country (and world for that matter) revolve around a group of people getting together to talk about issues. One person presents an issue, while another opposes it. Then the two of them try to persuade the representatives or senators on the issue, which allows for more people to come up and state their opinion, giving more input for the rep's or senators to debate and reflect on. This form of government has been around for centuries, since the Ancient Greek era, when men from around the country would gather in Athens to talk over issues plaguing Greece, and possible solutions that could improve their situation. It's changed a lot since then, such as how we now use representatives to represent us so that we don't have to cram every single man in the country into a single building in Washington D.C., but also in the way that women are now allowed in the legislative branches of the government. While it has changed a lot, there's no denying that our government works. It has the same basis as it did in Greece, having a group of people get together to talk things out.

Expanding on the opening statement, most people just feel more comfortable in groups of people they know and trust, such as a support group. According to a study by the Technical University of Munich, "People are 92% more likely to reach out for help in a group setting than when conferring with a singular person, and they are 65% more likely to receive better advice that may fit them by talking to a group." This evidence really states why it is so important to talk to a group of people about your problems. If you speak to only one person you would be missing out on so much good advice; 65% better advice than with one person.

Also, group settings ensure that more people know, so that they can all try to help this person with this problem, or at least make their life easier by knowing when the problem is bugging them so they can sit down and talk about it. It's like raising awareness for a disease or a global conflict or problem. Let's use world hunger for example. In many African countries they are having problems with hunger and disease. Organizations such as the Red Cross Society, the Peace Corps, and Doctors Without Borders are ensuring that disease and hunger in those places are no longer an issue. They make fundraisers and special events to raise awareness so that more people want to reach out and help. This is another reason why groups are important. More people can reach out and help you, and many will.

However, some people say that being in a group might intimidate you, and you would be less likely to speak up about your issues, and this argument is valid. Some people are afraid of groups of people, even friends, and would rather talk one-on-one or even not talk at all, as confrontation to their problems may scare them. These people are called introverts. People who enjoy group settings, even with strangers, are called extroverts. Introverts really show a problem with the group setting solution: people just may not want to tell people what's wrong. Also, a group may not always have good input. If you find a group of people who do bad things, such as drugs or engaging in unsafe activities, may be less as likely to give better feedback to your problem. Whereas as if you find a group of educated, safe, and well-wishing people, they may be better at giving you advice. But this is incorrect. Introverts always have a breaking point, I know this from personal experience. At some point they have to let everything out, and that is when a group setting is important, because if they are alone, they might do something dangerous to themselves. People who do those aforementioned 'bad things' will have experience with what happens when you don't seek help for your problems. You turn to self-medication; drugs.

In final analysis, group settings are important. They are how we raise awareness about issues around the globe, and how we have ran our governments since the age of Zeus and Mount Olympus. People should consult groups about their problems, because then, we would all be better off with multiple solutions. So the next time you don't know if you should go with Fruity Pebbles or Cheerios, call a few friends, and see what they think. 