You stare at the bland cream walls for what feels like hours, unable to make a choice; you need somebody else's opinion to give you the aching relief you need. With peoples opinion deciding what to do will become much easier. Many people seek others opinion in order to create advice for them self. With the opinion of many others decision making and good advice will come much easier. Personally, I believe that the opinions of others help one: get others points of view on the situation, give your thoughts on the problem more complexity, but it may also make it more difficult to decide with several different opinions.

When you are able to see the views of others on a certain situation, creating advice for the situation comes with ease. With seeing how others feel you are able to put yourself

"in their shoes." This new sense gives you the ability to not only make a decision that benefits you but benefits others too. It is always important to see where others lie when it comes to big decisions because sometimes the decision you make affects them too. I also believe that when you get to hear others opinions it gives yourself a stronger opinion that allows advice for yourself to come easier. The opinions of others usually come from mistakes that have been made and lessons that have been learned which shows you right from wrong.

With these new opinions formed from others and decisions in the making, it gives your thought process more complexity. With a more complex thought process you are able to put opinions, facts and bias all into one piece of advice for yourself. A complex and thought out mindset when it comes to creating self advice is very important. With a clear, complex mindset, the entire process becomes far simpler and much easier. I strongly believe that asking others for advice allows you to make the better choice. Except, not everyone has the ability to take the opinions of others and be able to make a choice with ease.

For some people, with so many opinions, it may become more difficult to decide which choice to make. When you have have several peoples opinions, it may become harder to decide whos opinion to follow or who is truly right. After all, with so many opinions and thoughts it crowds your mind and you do not know which is wrong, and which is right. Although so many thoughts and opinions may stall your thought process it may speed it up too. With multiple peoples thought and feedback, you may begin to see a pattern. With that pattern it may show you which path to follow in finding the best choice for yourself, which may come a lot faster than you would expect.

All in all, I believe that seeking the opinions if others may be a lot easier than just utilizing your own thoughts. With the right opinions and feedback you will be able to make the correct choice with ease. A persons opinion can affect someone in many ways, beneficial or not. When it comes to advice, if you are having difficulty finding advice for yourself, I think it is very wise to turn to others for their opinion. A persons opinion can help someone or stall someone because, you are able to see someone else's point of view, you are able to think in a more complex manner, and it may make it harder for them to decide.