2020 can't come fast enough. 2020 is the year that Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves. Tesla has projected a 2016 (this year) release for a car capable of driving on autopilot ninety percent of the time. Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific condition since 2009. You could do so much more when you have an independent driving car that you can with a non-independent car, if something is about to happen, you will be warned and it uses half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility that a bus. Beacause of the reasons previously mentioned, I stand in firm affirmation of the development of driverless cars.

When you drive a driverless car, you can do so much more with you time in the car. If and when driverless cars become a thing, texting/talking while driving laws could be abolished. But by 2020, texting might even be obsolete and we might be just speaking to the phone while it types for us. We've all known girls who do their make-up in the car on their way to their destination. With non driverless cars, this is extremely dangerous to the driver, the passengers, other cars, and pedestrians. Even though most girls know the danger of this, they haven't stopped, so why not make is safer when they do do it?

If something were to happen on the road like an accident ahead, road blocks, consruction, etc., the driver would be warned before hand. The warning could be a number of thing, whether that be a vibration in the seat or a beep.

Self-driving cars are so much more eco-friendly than regular non self-driving cars. They use half the fuel of today's taxis. Think of how much fuel that would save America. Less fuel used means less pollution in the sky and it might even help with global-warming. Think of the polar bears and other endangered species!

Self-driving cars are a good thing. You could do so much more when you have an independent driving car that you can with a non-independent car, if something is about to happen, you will be warned and it uses half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility that a bus. Beacause of the reasons previously mentioned, I stand in firm affirmation of the development of driverless cars.                             