Some schools require summer projects for students. Just to assure students are to continue learning through out their summer break. Many argue if the summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. The schools that require summer projects should have their projects be teacher-designed for many various reasons.

Although many others think that the summer projects should be student-designed. Those would think that since it's a project to do over the summer;many students should have a say. Their own choice to choose what should be done for their project and how it should be done. That would be giving them the opportunity for them to do something and be able to start from the beginning with it. Though with it being student-deigned it would bring many problems.

The teachers would give the students an objective or task for the project. They would have to know what the objective is to know what is needed to be learned for this summer project. The student can be specified to knowing what could be done once knowing the objective of the project. Once the objective is giving to them they get a better understanding and knowledge of what is need to learn for their summer project.

Then teachers would also give many sorts of examples to the students. Giving the students examples of the project will help them get a better understanding of how it should be done. Once the students gets a better knowledge of what do to for their project when examples are given to them. Examples given to the students should have them thinking how they should start their summer project and start to wonder what it should be based off.

Lastly the teacher would tell them what is required or needed for their summer project. The whole point of a summer project is to assure students continue their learning over break. The teachers could give the students a requirement that has them learn many things that can be presented in their summer projects. That would be assuring that students continue learning during their summer break. The teachers would be able to know if they learned something over their summer break.

In conclusion, summer school projects should be teacher-designed. The students are given requirements, objectives and examples for the project by the teachers. With the requirements and objectives students can start to begin their projects with an understanding of what is needed to learn. Students would still get a say in what they would like to do for their summer project though. It wouldn't be as freely to say the project is student-designed. Having the summer projects teacher-designed would make it easier for many students as well.                                        