Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. These are some reason why online school or video conferencing could work. The student will not be late to school/class, They won't miss a day of school when they are sick, finally they can focus better

The first reason why attending classes from home by online is good is the student will not be late to school/classes because,some people have a hard time coming to school on time. They wake up late or miss the bus. But if they do online school it does not matter if they wake up late or not because online is from there computer they dont have to take a bus or a car to school they can just wake up and turn on there computer to start there classes. A lot of teachers think coming to school late can affect on the student learning,but by attending online there will be no problem because school for online is on there computer.

The second reason is every kid gets sick through out the school year. they miss a lot of school days and it effects there learning. online school even if your sick u can still get your leaning done. You dont have to worry about missing a school day. When students are sick they can miss a test, quiz or get someone sick and thats not good. Online school is from there computer they dont have to worry about going to school because they are sick. school for them is on there computer and they sill get there leaning done even if they are sick

Finally student can focus more by taking online classes. They dont have to worry about someone distracting them while they are trying to get there learning done. Mostly everyone dont finish there work on time because they are talking to someone or fall asleep. Classes online you are by yourself you can do your work when u want as long as you get it done some people focus better when there is no one else in the room.

In conclusion online school could benefit from being able to attend classes from home they dont have to worry about being late to school , or miss a school day because they are sick and they focus better online school is a great way to attend school     