The world of driveless cars will come in the near future says Sergey Brin. Since the 1950s, the car companies have been thinking of self-driving cars. Some people may agree to these smarter cars but others may stick to just driving themselves everywhere. If I had to choose I would much rather be driven by the diverless cars, but I don't think I'd trust them to not get in any accidents.

I have mixed feeling about these cars because I'd prefer one but have to choose the other choice. So my final choice would be that I'd drive myself. I would drive myself because I would feel safe knowing I had the wheel and not some AI that could malufunction or make a wrong choice. In other words I would know what's going on and know what to do in bad situtations, such as the article said in other car accidents, difficult traffic situtation, and bad divers. Also, the GPS that the car has could be out dated and not go the right way, so you would probably be late to where ever you are going. Which brins me to my next point, my mom always makes me late so if I leave a little late then I need to drive a little faster than the speed limit (but not enough to be pulled over) to make it on time. Another thing I wanted to bring up is if the car is diverless and all you need to do is tell the car where to go, then is would be easy for little kids to get in the car and make the car drive not knowing what they are doing and get in accidents easier.

I could agree with some things on the driveless cars. The first thing I can agree on is that it has sensors so that it can sense other cars coming towards it. I also like how they might be different versions to the self-driving cars, like som might be sensored or some might beamagnetized. Finally, I like how if you were to get in a tight spot, then the car will force you to do all the heavy lifting so you don't get hurt.

The driverless cars have their ups and downs but they will probably end up in our laps sooner than we know it. The driverless cars are in our future and that future is not far away. But I, like some people, will stick to the old way of drive a car. 