School ends, summer break starts, and students wants to relax. However some schools require that students to use their break as a time to continue their journey of education, so they provide projects over the summer. These projects are usually designed by teachers, but some argue that students should be designing the projects. Summer projects should be teacher-designed because teachers know more about the curriculum, their professional job is to teach, and students are not suitable to design a project for themselves.

Teachers are very familiar with the curriculum of their class, much more than a typical student. Given that they are more knowledgeable about the material, they are best suited to design projects for students in the summer. Many seasoned teachers know the material in the back of their hand, they know what works for students and what doesn't because they have been teaching it for several of years. It's common sense that they would be extremely familiar with what they're teaching. They've seen students come and go in their classroom and witnessed what most students tend to struggle on since students don't nearly know as much as their professors. If students wanted to design their own summer project, it would be atrocious because students simply don't have this kind of knowledge. They don't know the most effective way to design a project using the material of the class. Because teachers have this knowledge that students lack, it's clear as to why teachers can design the best summer project that forces the student to learn and be prepared for the upcoming school year.

Not all people are professionally allowed to teach others, and it's a teacher's gift to do so. It's obvious that teachers know how to design a summer project that properly engages the student to learn, because it's their professional job. It's not easy to become a teacher, it takes them several of years at a university to get their degree in education. It takes hard work and dedication to go through the process of becoming a teacher, and not all people are capable of doing so. Because of their hard work to become a teacher, they truly are the most trusted individuals to provide a way to help their students learn. Their whole job is to properly engage students and help them learn, and who better to design summer projects than the same people who are legally allowed to teach. Schools hire the best individuals for the job because they all are eligible to teach and pass on information in an engaging way. They know how to make a student learn, rather than the student them self. It's clear as day as to why they should make summer projects since teachers are people who love to teach, it's why they chose this profession. Having someone passionate about their love for teaching is the perfect candidate for making summer projects for students because it's what they love to do, rather than a student who probably doesn't nearly have the same passion.

Students typically don't look forward to learn or do school projects over their longest break of the year, and they certainly are in no position to design the projects that they complete over summer. During summer, all students really want to do is relax and enjoy their time off since they look forward to summer break all year. The last thing they want to do is complete a project. If students were to design summer projects themselves, it would be a disaster. If they were given this privilege, students would take this opportunity to make the project so it wouldn't be as thoughtful or engaging like a project that a teacher would design. Frankly, they would make the project so it wouldn't take much work and effort to complete it, making it easy enough where they wouldn't learn at all. It's understandable that they would do this because most students don't want to do projects over summer, and having teacher design projects forces students to actually learn and engage with the material. Students simply are not suited to design projects for their summer break, it's like having students make their own exam in class, it frankly doesn't really work out because exams and projects are things students hate the most. Having a student make their own test is ridiculous because they can make it so it would take minimal effort to complete, and it translates perfectly to how they would design projects.

Some may argue that students know what works for them when it comes to learning, but that simply isn't true. Our education system is built on the information that teachers provide, and because of their years of teaching, professors definitely know how to engage a student and make them eager to learn. Given the fact that teachers are knowledgeable on their material, legally allowed to guide students, and students are not the best to design their own work, it's fair to say that teachers are indeed the best individuals to design summer projects for students.