During the summer, some schools will assign projects to their students in order to further the students' studies and to keep them learning. Some schools might have teachers design the projects and assign it to the students while other schools will have the students design their own projects and then they will work on the projects that they designed. Both sides have their advantages and disadvantages but, overall, student-designed projects would be more beneficial to students as they would have more motivation to work on the projects, it would be more interesting and fun for the students, and because they would be able to learn better from the projects.

One big advantage that a student-designed project would have over a teacher-designed project is that, when working on a student-designed project, students will be much more motivated to work. When somebody designs or creates something, they tend to appreciate it more than if it were created by somebody else. As a result, if the students were to design their projects, they would appreciate it more and work harder on the projects. On the other hand, if a teacher were to assign a project that they designed, the students would just see it as another assignment that the teacher has given them and most likely not work very hard on it. As a result of this extra motivation, the students would be much more productive when working on the project.

Another advantage that a student designed project would bring is that the students would be much more interested in the project if they were the ones that designed it. When a student is given the opportunity to design something that they would later work on, they would most likely make it as fun and as interesting as they can possibly make it. They would have a much easier job making the project interesting and enjoyable than the teacher as the students know themselves better than the teachers. If a teacher were to design a project, they would most likely make a much more boring and uninteresting project that the students would not care for. As a result of this increased interest, the students would be much happier and be more energized when working.

On top of this, a project designed by students would be much more effective at helping the students learn, which is the main purpose of the project. Some people might say that teacher designed project would be better and more effective as it is the teachers job to teach the students, however, that is not the case. If given the option, the teachers would assign a project that they think the students would enjoy. However, the teachers might not know exactly what interests the students and what the students find fun. As a result, the teacher-designed project could be very boring and uninteresting to the students. On the other hand, if students were able to design the project, there is a guarantee that the students would be interested in it as they would be able to design the project around their interests and they would also add elements that they would find fun. Furthermore, in the summer months following a long school year, the students want to relax and have a good time. If they were to receive a boring project from their teacher, they wouldn't have much energy and motivation when working on this project which would take away from the learning experience. The student-designed project would be much better at getting the students to learn the material.

Overall, student-designed projects are much better than teacher-designed projects. While working on a project that they designed, students would have much more motivation as they would appreciate the project more. Students would also be more interested in their project because they wouldn't want to make a boring project for themselves. Furthermore, students would have a better learning experience as they would work harder on the project. Ultimately, student-designed projects would be more beneficial than teacher-designed projects and, if a school were ever to assign a teacher-designed summer project, the students should present the alternative of a student-designed project to the school.