We as people make assumptions every day all day. I read in an article that new technology is being created to read the facial exspressions on a person and determine the way a a person might be feeling. This technology is called the Facial Coding System. I believe the Facial Coding System would be valuable to students in a classroom or anywhere else for that matter.

In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile.", The reader is being told that with this new software scientist can now "caculate" emotions. Dr. Paul Eckman is the creator of the Facial Aaction Coding System and he has classified happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, and sadness as the six basic emotions. Manypeople would ask how can a computer see or feel those six basic exspressions? Well, according to the text Dr. Huang stated,"The facial expressions for each emotion are universal". They used video imagery recognize a real face and even the painting of mona lisa. There are more steps that go into the Facial Action Coding System.

After the different units are weighed out the software will identify mixed emotions. According to paragraph four," Each expression is compared against aa neutral face (showing no emotion)". In order for the third step to work it has to be compared to a non-facial exspression. We as humans do the same type of steps when making an assumption. Think about the way we can tell if our friend or family member is feeling. Nomatter if they are sad, mad, happy, or glad we usually can see or feel how they feel.

We can tell how they feel based off of the facial expression they chose to give. According to the text Dr. Huangs new computer software stores similar anatomical information as electronic code. This means that the computer code uses algorthms to figure out the facial expression just like artists do when they paint facial muscles to give off a specific emotion in a painting. Computers have rules or instructions to follow in order to complete something. Its called encoding. Encoding is not jst used for computers but, it s also used by us as humans. We tell ourselves how to feel, walk, talk, act, and many other things. Our brain sends out instructions to our entire body just like the motherboard does for a computer.

In conclusion the

Facial Coding System would be valuable to students in a classroom or anywhere else for that matter. We already have a system we use everyday as people to see how other people feel. Knowing how somebody feels can help us help them. If we could have the knowledge of definetly knowing how a person felt scientifically it would realy help us help them in understanding the trials and tribulations they might be going through.