Do you enjoy school? Students, ages 5 through 18, have to go to school. Though not all kids may enjoy it. So, how can schools make it more enjoyable for students? Having students participate in extracurricular activities would make school more enjoyable because they can hang out with friends, do something they enjoy, and can prepare for college.

Being social is important. Some kids may not have the time to hang out with their friends outside of school. Participating in extracurricular activities would give students time to hang out with their friends. Some extracurricular activities, such as sports, are enjoyable ways to spend time with friends. Other extracurricular activities, like clubs and working on projects for the school, are also fun ways to spend time with your friends and be social.

Doing something you like is also important. You wouldn't want to only spend your time doing something that you do not like and find boring. Extracurricular activities would give you a chance to do something you enjoy. There are many different types of extracurricular activities you can choose from. Sports and clubs are some of these fun extracurricular activities given by your school. By choosing one of these extracurricular activities you will definitely find something that you will enjoy.

It's important to learn and prepare for the life ahead of you. It's also important to prepare for college. Though not all students may want to prepare for their future, most students probably want to. Through extracurricular activities, students who want to prepare for their future can. Some of the extracurricular activities could be classes that help students learn about an occupation they might want to pursue. While other classes could be a way to learn about making a difference in the world.

School principals should have students participate in extracurricular activities to make school more enjoyable. There are many ways to enjoy school through extracurricular activities, such as hanging out with friends, doing something you enjoy, and preparing for college. Extracurricular activities makes it a fun way to be social and hang out with your friends. Doing something you enjoy, such as drawing or sports, is important. But most importantly, preparing for college at an early age will make you successful in life.        