Many people think that extracurricular activities are not that important and can be a waste of time, however it can benefit you in several ways just by participating in them. I think that extracurricular activities should be put in schools because students can learn new things, it can help with their communicating skills, and can improve their self esteem. Joining extracurricular activities can be a fun way to help out the school, and have something to do after school such as sports, and programs that can be a great way to spend your time. People can look for activities that suit their personality and will the most enjoyable for them to participate in through out the school year. Participating in after school programs and sports can be great way to develop new skills , it can help you out with school work or, it can keep you healthy and fit.

Firstly, extracurricular activities can help improve your self esteem. Studies have shown that extracurricular activities can make you feel good about your self by knowing how to do something you are dedicated to or, you can be learning or improving in something you would like to know how to do. Furthermore, it can make you happy when you have reached your goals. Other students in your extracurricular activity can uplift you and help you focus and succeed in your goals, better yet, a great way to meet new people and make friends. It can help your self esteem by realizing you can do anything you put your mind to if you try hard enough, and to never give up on what you love. Also, Extracurricular activities will not only boost your self esteem about yourself, but, boost your self esteem with communicating with other people and to be more open to others around you.

Secondly, extracurricular activities can help students with learning new things. You can learn new things by participating in activities you have never did before and have no experience on, by trying new things you can find out what you enjoy doing. Extracurricular activities can also help others learn about each other and their interests on the activity they chose, it can form friendships and bring their group or team together. It can help students to develop more techniques to achieve skills in their activities to become better. Specifically in sports, you need good coronation, so to improve, they practice by using techniques to increase more skills to become a better athlete.

Thirdly, extracurricular activities can improve communicating skills and develop great friendship with others. Communicating is a huge part in learning and when you learn new things you might be unfamiliar with words and terms others are using, so its important to communicate to understand whats going on. When communicating, not only does it help you, but it helps the people around you know how you feel and what you think. Communicating in partner work can help you understand things better because you might not understand someone else perspective more than the other. In extracurricular activities you use communicating skills to make a better teamwork and understand where each person is coming from.

Finally, I think that extracurricular activities should be a major part of school and has many benefit. Extracurricular activities gives students the opportunity to try and learn new things and, can help you learn and improve new skills to be more confident in what your interested in. Its a good way to make friends and form good partnership with the people around you. It can help you communicate and understand things better and can improve your grades. Overall, extracurricular activities can be fun and can help you not only in school, but, your daily life. 