Dear senator,

Imagine it being the year for choosing for a new president for the United States of America. You cast your vote, for which president you thought that would be best to run our country. After, you hear the results you become very disappointed , Because the presdient won not by the popular vote but by the electoral college. You become very angry and fustrated because the president that will now be running for America will not better our country by the things he said. Reasoning, that  he won by the electoral college and not by popular vote, and you feel as if you dont feel as if it was not fair because you're not really choosing based on the state laws and how the electors are selected. How would you feel if you were in a situation like this ?

Furthermore, i think we should change the election by popular vote for the president of the United States of America. My reasoning being said is because when the president wins by popular vote it's from what the american citizens want, not what the electors chose. When you choose by popular vote you also avoide many other things from occuring. For example, the electoral college is a method of selecting the president that may turn off voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying for their state. As explained in the text "  voters in presidental elections are people who want to express a political prefrence rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election."

Moreover, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Canidates dont spend as time in states they know they have no chance of winning, and only focusing on the states that they do. As said  in the text " In a 2000 campaign , seventeen states dont see the canidates at all, including in rhode island and south carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. Making that hard for the people to see what there president wants to do for the country they have no idea because of the canidate too worried on winning and letting the citizens choose.

To elaborat on my claim, the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The disaster factor is what happened in the 2000 fiasco which was the biggest election crisis in a century , which allows the system for much worse. In the electoral college state legislatures are responsible for picking electors, and those electors would effect the will of the citizens. sometimes "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever thet please." Making another reason why the electoral college should'nt be here to stay.

Although, keeping the electoral college may not be a good thing to do.    