Distracted Driving

Today, many people are distracted by their phones no matter what they are doing, from walking to driving. Being on your phone and driving is one of the most leading causes of accidents. I believe that distracted driving can cause harrowing accidents that can lead to death, it affects teenagers the most, and there are ways that distracted driving can be prevented. The phone can wait!

"Nine people are killed and more than 1,000 injured in crashes involving a distracted driver in the United States each year," stated by the Mila Araujo in her writing "Dangers of distracted driving: Definition, Stats, and Risks for Teens." Distracted driving isn't just being on your phone, but also eating while driving, playing around, or looking at other things instead of the road. Basically, distracted driving is when your doing everything else but focusing on the road while driving. "9 percent of fatal crashes and 15 percent of injury crashes due to distracted driving, and an 8 percent increase in all distracted driving fatalities since 2016," according to the NHTSA. As you can see distracted driving is extremely dangerous.

Distracted driving affects teenagers more than anyone else. Studies show that more than half of teenagers involved in an accident admitted to it being because of distracted driving. That is to say, "Teenagers have the highest rate of crashes of any age group in the United States," stated by Mila Araujo. Teenagers these days are so attached to their phones to where it's apart of their daily lives. They feel the need to respond to a text or look on social media constantly to where it becomes a habit, and when they get behind the wheel they automatically look on their phones when a simple buzz goes off. Teenagers who are driving risks their lives every time they pick up their phone behind the wheel.

However, in Georgia they passed a hands free law July 1, 2018 which states that any driver driving a motor vehicle are prohibited from holding, watching, recording, writing, texting, etc. In my opinion, I feel as if every state in the United States should pass this law as it would reduce the amount of fatal accidents. There are many ways to prevent distracted driving at any age. One way is to put your phone on "Do Not Disturb" until you have reached your destination. If you are using your GPS for finding a location type in the desired location before you start operating the vehicle and review the directions. To prevent yourself from touching your phone use a phone holder for your car. These may save your life from any fatal accidents while behind the wheel.

In conclusion, many people are distracted while driving which is risking their lives. While you're behind the wheel your first priority should be focusing on the road. Everytime you pick up your phone or doing something that is preventing you from focusing on the road is a risk of you losing your life. The text, social media, email, phone call, etc. can wait!

2                                                   