School can either be the best or the worst option for some students because everyone is different. Students have different strong suites like someone can be good at more hands on work and others might be more gifted when it comes to more memorization based tasks. Schools have changed throughout the years and have become more advanced. This advanced technology has made it more beneficial for students who wish to separate themselves from the school environment and complete their education at home. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it's better for your mental health, allows more flexibility, and students can perform better overall.

Mental health is a major issue that has been talked about for years. It's a very common topic that comes up when talking about teens because teens seem to take on a lot and don't know how to manage everything well at a young age. It can be really challenging battling with mental issues. School can trigger students mental health because of the workload, negative environment, and the people they surround themselves with. Coming to school can get repetitive and often can make students feel trapped. Being surrounded by an environment that is familiar to students can help them significantly by allowing them to work freely and at their own pace without any negativity. I have struggled with mental health my whole life and it only got worse in eighth grade. That summer I had gotten into a car accident and badly injured my back. I was told I needed surgery and that I would be missing the rest of the school year. I was worried about all my school work and I had so many questions. My mental health took a big hit and I became even more depressed. When I got out of surgery I was told that I would need to stay at the hospital for a couple days. Once I was discharged it became very difficult for me to return back to normal. I struggled to walk, sleep, and take care of myself. Once I started recovering I was able to focus on school more. I was happy I didn't have to physically attend school because school had made me depressed. It was nice to get away from such a negative environment and start fresh. I started doing school online and felt that staying home really helped with my mental health. I started interacting with others after months of not interacting. I started hanging out with my friends and became happier. Doing my work at home allowed me to focus more and do everything I would do at school in the comfort of my own home.

Often times students don't get enough time to do what they would like because their time is being occupied by school. School takes up seven hours of a student's day and some students do extracurricular activities after school which only takes up more time. Doing school online however, allows you to be more flexible. Many youtubers have taken the online school route because they would like to further their careers and attending school physically wouldn't allow them to do that. A video creator on Youtube named, Antonio Garza, decided to pursue school online so she could further her Youtube career. She has mentioned in her recent Youtube videos that doing school online has made it much easier to incorporate more into her day and has been better for her mental health. She has gotten offers to collaborate with others and even fly out to certain events which is something she couldn't do before. She didn't know she was going to blow up on Youtube and when she did school became a negative environment for her because she got bullied by her peers. In her videos fans noticed she seemed off and she decided to address the situation. She talked being depressed and how she was getting bullied. Online school was her way out. Ever since she started doing school online she realized she was doing much better. Overall, doing school online helped her mentally and socially.

How well you perform at school is based on several factors. Attending school isn't meant for everyone because people have different goals in life. Not everyone wants to be the a doctor or a lawyer. In school it can be hard to focus on grades because students can get distracted and become more invested into making new friends or becoming popular which causes performance to decline in school. One of my friends was new to the county and she had trouble adjusting to the new school environment. She had excellent grades at her old school and her teachers spoke highly of her. I started talking to her and we became super close.

We had built a strong relationship that I thought would last forever but I was wrong. I started noticing that she became more distant when she started dating her boyfriend. She started hanging out with the wrong group of people and stopped worrying about her grades. She started failing all her class and her mom decided that it was better for her to do online school and get away from all the negativity. I was relived because she needed help and now she was going to get it. A couple months had passed by and I got back in contact with her. She seemed to be doing better and had told me that online school was what she needed to get back on track. She was able to bring all her grades up and gain her parents trust back. We started talking more and becoming more close. She was in a better head space mentally and she was motivated.

In conclusion, being able to do school online is a positive way for students to improve their well being. It also allows students to have more time to accomplish other tasks. Lastly, students can improve their grades. Some may argue that doing school online can hurt you in the long run but the pros outweigh the cons when it comes to online school. No matter how it's done, finishing school should be a goal for many students. Just because a different path was taken that doesn't mean that success isn't an option. Separating from a negative environment can do wonders and can help significantly in the long run.                      