To begin ,  i think that the electoral college is not working. Because under the electoral college system voters dont vote for the president they vote for a slate of electors. And from source two it says that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational , and that many people think that the electoral college should be abolished .

Additionally, the electoral college is unfair to voters . Because the winner takes all the systems in each state because candidates dont spend time in the state they know they not going to have a chance to win . And also they dont get to have their ads  every where in every state bcause in Rhode Island and South Carolina voters in 25 of the biggest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad.

Plus ,I think that the electoral college dosent work  because voters can not control whom their electors vote for . And sometimes voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate because this system is so confusing and bad that its to the point that the electoral college needs to be abolished . Also i think that the that electoral college does not work because it is very outdated and things have changed in this world and that we need a new system so our citizens can choose on how they want the worlds or government system to be like as years pasts bye. Plus many have said and argued that the Electoral College method of selecting a president may turn off pontential voters for a candidate.

Why should the Electoral college be abolished ? Because we as people should have a choice to select a president without having someone to select for us after we selected the president we want to control our country. And we shouldnt have to worry about if i electors choose the right president for us  because it states that ''Some electors use your votes for them so that either choose who they want to become president or use your votes to support them if they want to run for president''. And to be honest i really dont think this system is organized correct because for this system to be good they would need for all elections to be equal and for electors not to use our votes and pick who they want like some do because they have no proof that electors are choosing the people that we want to be come president and to protect the United states.

To conclude ,  i think that the electoral college is not working. Because of lack of equal rights and votes towards who should be the president of the United States Of America.            