Venus, the second planet from the sun, and one of the most dangerous planets for exploration. The planet is strangly reffered to "Earth's twin", today it might not hold Earth's qualities, but long ago it was beilieved it did. Scientist's are set to beileve that at one point Venus had oceans and a possinble life sorce. A time before the extreme weather conditions, Venus is said to have flourished with oceans, supporting various forms of life, like Earth today. Now, that is long gone, taken over by a volcanic terrain. Exploring Venus will be dangerous and worth all the odds against it.

We, as humans, have already tried to explore the dangerous planet before. Each mission has been unmanned as no spacecraft has even survived the landing for more than a few hours. Nasa is now working on other approaches to studying Venus. One project being conducted states "having simplified electrons made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." That will allow us to have a better understanding of limiting the exteme factors. Looking back to mechanial computers, will be easiter as it is more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces.

Exploration of Venus would contribute emensally to our knowlendge of our sister planet. The author states "striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimdating endeavors." Through our curiosity, it will allow us to aquire insight into a new vast world, far beyond our exploration on Earth. "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Space exploration has no limit, bounderies will inspire those to explore the unexplored and will allow us to push oursleves to places we have never been before.

Venus, an inhospitable planet, with extreme temperatures ranging up to 800 degrees Fahrenheit, to the atmospheric pressure being 90 times greater than on Earth. It may seem obsurd to even consider the possibility of even exploring the planet itself, but motivation and some inspiration it will take you to great places. Scientists today, are finding ways to get us their safely and effectivally. To building a possible hover craft to working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to require meaningful data. There are a lot of factors to be put into consideration when thought about, but with the right tools and knowledge one day exploring Venus might be a possiblity. 