Talking to people is a good way to get really good advice. When people ask for advice, it normally means they need help with something they are doing, something they want to do, and even something they just want to know more about. Advice from other people is very important but sometimes can be very confusing because all different people have different opinions.

Talking to more than one person to get advice is very important to some people because people have all different kinds of opinions. Opinions from other people can help decide many different things for other people. For example, if someone was to ask if they should play soccer or basketball, different people could give them different advice weather they think soccer or basketball is better for them and why. Advice from other people can give you the advantage to pick the better choice on what to do.

Advice can get you many things in life such as what job you want to do, what sport you want to play, where you want to go on a trip, what school you want to go to, what to wear, what phone you should get, what car you should get, what company is better for you, and hundreds more. You can get advise on pretty much anything you want if you just asked other people. If you couldn't decide on what to do or get, you can ask people and then count how many people said one thing and how many people said the other, then do the one that had more votes.

Sometimes talking to other people about things can be difficult, espessialy when you don't know them. Asking strangers though could be more helpful if you run out of people to ask you do know. First person to always go to for advice is your parants because they are the ones that know most about you and could probably help you out the most. If you had no way of getting ahold of your parants then your second best option would be anyone in your family or any of your friends because they are gonna know alot more about you then someone you just see at a place. If you had no other people to ask you could ask other people you dont know what they would perfer for themselfs and have them tell you why then you can decide from there.

Advice is very importent in life and you honestly, probably would not get through life without it. Advice decides everything for you when you need it. I would recomend getting advice from all different people like your family, friends, and people you don't know just so you can see what people recomend to you and what they recomend to themselfs.                         