Some school offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Also some school do not agree this option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because this could affect your student life with not learning so well, you will not complete your assignment like in the school and you will not have a good environment social with more people.

Some school do not agree this option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because this could affect you with not learning so well. When you are in the school and the teacher is teaching you it is better than be in your home because you have the option of not do your work or may be you do not understand the assignment and is better when somebody is explaining you. We see that take your classes online is not good because like students sometimes we are lazy and we are not going to do it like in the school.

Some school do not agree this option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because this could affect you with not complete your assignment at the time like in the school. Sometimes we take the option hang out with our friends and we have work to do, take our classes online, but first thing that we do is leave our work as the last thing to do, the time will go over and we are not going to finish our work and we are going to fall, because is nobody telling you what you have to do and you have to complete all your assignments. You can see that take your classes online is not good because we can choice if do it or not and this is not good for us like students.

some school do not agree this option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because this could affect you with do not have a good environment social with more people. If you just are in your home taking your classes probably you are not going to know different people like new and good friends who can help you with your work or maybe with others problems and you will not have with who be talking or hang out with them after school. You can see one more time that take your classes online is not a good way to have a good environment like in the school.

To conclude like students we can see that take your classes online could affect your students life in different ways and is better to attend in a school to take your classes and have a good education.                  