Automobiles, people relay on them. without  cars alot of people are lost. they are too lazy to walk or ride a bike anywhere. But, cars arent that great they are actually causeing alot of damage. the pollution that is given off by cars is ridculous. most people dont relize the damage they are doing let alone the affect cars have on your life.

Frist off, cars are responible for 12 percent of greenhouse house emissions in europe. In some car-intensive areas in the  United states the greenhouse emissions are about 50 percent from cars! thats alot people are causeing without really knowing if we were to get the word out maybe we could change it and make the world cleaner.

Secondly, the united states environmental agency is promoting "car reduced" communities. they want to make cities and towns more compact and close together. Because in the suburbs cars play such a huge role. these places arent very compact, so people cant just walk everywhere that would take all day. but on the upside walking everywhere is good excerise so while your getting rid of pollution, your also lossing the obesity rate in the united states.

then, in Paris they have banned cars due to smog. Anyone who drove would be fined 22 euros (31 dollars). congestion in the captial france was down almost 60 percent. after a little bit of time enough smog had cleared so they could rescind the ban.

after, in Bogota, Colombia they started a car free  day were everyone took buses, biked, hiked, walked or any means of transportaion except cars to get to work. this reduces smog in that area. all of this walking and so forth also helps people relive stress.  which wil drop the crime rates.

Lastly, in the untied states gas emissions are quite high. but, are believed to go down beacuase in  a recent study , fewer people each year are buying cars or getting liscence. they say if this pattern contuines and they think it will cars will stop coming around.

In conculsion,people relay on them, without  cars alot of people are lost. but, in due time all these things will change so it will all be okay. the smag will go away . and the earth will be clean.                    