Dear senator,

I think that the presidential election should be settled by popular vote.  We people are being run as a country by the president, and we should be able to have more of an impact choosing who our president will be.

The president currently gets chosen in the Electoral College, a process in which the electors vote for President and Vice President after they are selected.  This process flows very well and the president is chosen easily, so its good.  The Electoral Collage consists of 538 electors.  The majority being 270 electoral votes and the first president to get to this number in the race wins.  We the people are separated into states and the states get however many electoral votes based on population.  So the bigger states get more say on who's President, but I mean that makes sence because more citizens live there.  There are also many flaws with this process though, and thats why I think it should be settled by popular vote.

You may think that the people are mainly voting for the President in the Electoral Collage process, but we're not.  The people just vote for electors who in turn elect the President.  Some of the slates of electors may even vote for who they want to and forget about what the majority of the state wants.  At the most basic level, the Electoral college is unfair to voters because of the winner-takes-all system in each state.  This means that if say Florida has twenty-nine electoral votes, then all twenty-nine go to the candidate who wins that state.  "So normaly candidates don't spend time in states they know they have know chance of winning, focusing only on the "swing states" and the larger populated states."  "Swing states" are states that pay close attention to the campaign and really listen to the competing cadnidates.  This means that the states may pick the republican or democrat.  Some states pick the same way every election.  During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina.  I mean what kind of madness is that, how are they supposed to know who to choose.  Thats not fair and it shouldn't be settled that way.  This all just proves that "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational."

Therefore the Electoral Collage shouldn't be the way to elect the President and Vice-President and should be either altered or in my opinion scratched.  So then they should be elected by popular vote, so we have more control on who runs the country.

Sincerely,

Luke    