Over summer break, many schools require their students to complete a project. Teachers assign this to assure that the student will progress until next school year. The projects can be about any topic including: math, reading, science, or history. It all depends on the teacher you have and what class you have them. Some students are arguing that they should be allowed to choose their project rather than the teachers. Teachers should design these projects because they may see what the students need help with the most, they know better tactics to help them comprehend the material, and students may take advantage of the project and design something that will be easiest for them to do.

Teachers are able to see more of what students cannot. They may notice certain habits that are easy to fix that a student cannot adjust themselves. For example, Generic_Name wanted to make a science experiment but, his results were not accurate because he did not repeat the trial three times. Having teachers create the project this is less likely to happen. They can identify small mistake and help the student work through them.

Teachers also know the best ways to comprehend the subject they are teaching. In college, teachers are taught specific tactics in teaching so they can be sure their students will understand the material they are given. An example of this is, Generic_Name tried to solve a math problem on her own but, her teacher saw she was struggling and came to guide her through it. Having the teacher assign the project would be easier for them to help a student with questions. Some may argue with this because, they think they know what is best for them when really a teacher is better help because they are very educated in these types of situations.

Letting students choose their own project would be a disaster. Over a break no student wants to do a project but if they had to they would try to make it as easy as possible. This defeats the purpose of it and students would not be prepared for their next school year. Having a teacher design the project, they will be sure the student gets the education they need. This may be frustrating for the students but it will help them in the long run.

Teachers are able to identify what a student struggles with better. They can also create certain plans to help them understand a topic. Students will try to take the easy way out but, a teacher will assure they get the education they need. Therefore, teachers are the best choice in designing an over break project. Some people underestimate a teachers abilities when they should listen to what they have to say.            