Some people think that asking more the one person for advise is a bad idea. I think that asking more than one person for advise is not such a bad idea. Some of the reasons that I think are why you should ask for advise. Asking more people for advise can make you have different ways to solve a problem,it helps you have a better outlook one the situation,and someone could have better knowledge one the situation.

The first reason why it's better to have advise from different people. Is the fact you can solve a problem faster than it it would take you with advice just from one person. You are able to solve the problem in different ways. The more advise you get the easier it will be to solve that problem. It will also cut down one the amount of time needed for said problem. You don't have to just try accomplishing it one way. With different advise from different people it can be extremely effective.

Secondly is you will have a better out look on the situation. With different people's advice you can see the problem at a whole different angle. You can see how to accomplish the problem more effectively. You would be able to make the problem more under stand able. The more advise you get the more from people the more angle you will be able to see come to light. The more advise you get you'll be able to solve it in a multitude of ways apposed to just solving it one way.

Finally some one might have better advise for something than others would. Many people might think there advise is good but it might be terrible. Some people might have advise to the situation you are in now. They might all around might have the best advice you have heard from some one about that topic. The advice you get from people that have gone trough the same thing as you can really help you in the long run. Every one's advice can help you in some shape or form.

Some people think getting advice from other people is a bad thing. I think that getting advice from other people can be very helpful. These were the three reasons why it better to get advice from more people.