Do you think computers being able to tell students emotions be useful? I say it could be useful it could tell us if the student is bored which that could help us try to make the student more intrested in what he is about to learn. This could also tell us if anyone it feeling hurt or depressed because of something that happened to them which we could probably help the student with the problem they have. It could tell us if the student is slacking off or if the student needs extra help.

This would be useful to help students stay active and be intrested in what they are going to learn. It would tell us if the student is bored and that could help us find another way to make the kid more intrested in what we are learning. It would also tell us if the kid was slacking off which if a kid was slacking off we could move him and let him be more comforable where he could be more intrested and pay attention to the things he is about to learn. We would be able to help out your child many peoples children we could help them get on track and maybe help them get a scholarship and give them a better understanding of school and education. Would you want your childs emotions read by a computer?

Imagine if your child was going through something that happened to him theses computers could help us figure what is wrong with your child. And maybe that is the problem why he is not paying attention we could help so many children by this. We could lead and help students to success. If your child is failing in school it might be because of being bored which these computers would tell us and we c oulc find another way to help your child so he wouldn't be failing.

We need to let people know that this could solve so many problems. If your child new something bad was going to happen or knew a student was getting bullied or he was getting bullied we could find that out with the computer and help them out. We could help kids from harming themselfs just think about how many kids we could save. Do you wish you had these computers when you were younger? i say yes this ould have helped me do better in school and it could have told my teachers that i needed extra help.

Just think about how many kids could be succesful because of theses computers. Think about how it could help you out if you were to be able to have theses computers when you were in school?   