Students that play sports, are in clubs, and do things for the community are more likely to have more opportunities than kids who don't do anything at all. For example extracurricular activities help you get to know more people and socialize. They also look really good on college applications and might help you get a job in the future. They can also help you be more responsible. More students should do more extracurricular activities to have more opportunities and have a chance to try things they have never done before.

Being social and having friends is a big part of middle school and high school. Having the ability to do more clubs and sports can allow you to be with your friends and meet new people. By doing a club or sport that you really like you may find people who have the same interests that you have! The friends that you make can become your life long friends. If you get a job doing what you did in the clubs or sports you may be working with some of the friends you met while dong the activities.

Extracurricular activities look really good on college applications. Colleges want to see that you are involved in the school and community. they also want to see how many things you are capable of doing all at once. doing activities could also give you extra credit which really helps you get into more colleges. Also while you are in college you could countinue do play or do the activity that you were doing in middle and high school. You can also get a career in the path that your extracurricular activities went in.

Participating in extracurricular activities can also help keep you be more responsible. They can help by having to remembering your things for practice. Or having to do work outside of school for what you are doing in the clubs. being more responsible can be helpful with remembering homework. They may also help with keeping your grades up, because for some sports teams you have to have good grades to keep playing on the team.

Having to participate in exctracurricular activities will really benefit your life and life for the future. By getting to know more people and being involed in the community. Also by being more organized and having more responsibilities. Doing these activities will also help you get into college or get a job in the future. For kids who might not get the chance to do these activities the schools having them do it will help them have more opportunities.         