In life there are many hard choices to make. Seeking more than one person's advice can help you make the right decision, but if you make the wrong choice it could be a learning experience. Some choices are harder than others therefore, asking other people for their opinions can lead you into make the best choice. When it's time for you to go to college making the right decision to which one to go to can be a very hard, by seeking other people advice can help make you choose the right decision. This is very important because this is going to help you follow the career you want to do.

When you're looking for jobs you have to make the right choice and choose the one that is going to help provide for you and your family therefore, you want to seek someone else's opinions to help you make the right choice. Sometimes it is better for you to make your own decision so you can learn how to do it yourself, but there are some situations where seeking more than one opinion will be the best choice. Everyone has to make difficult choices in their life, by only going off of what you think would be the best choice can be good sometimes, but you might not see what another person can. So you might not see some of the negatives therefore, when you ask someone else you get another persons point of view. It might not always be the best choice for you, but you can see other points of view from different people and that will help you make the right decicsion.

Not all people give good advice you should ask people you know or are trustworthy to give you good advice. Not all things require more than one opinion, but some things do like big decisions. You need to make the right choice. If you want to do something big with your life like become an actor or a singer you have to have advice to become better also not all advice is good advice. If you do want to do something like that you will fail but you have to use that as a learning lesson so when you do it again you can ask people what you should do or ask them for the best advice they can give you to help make you better. So any chance you get try to ask for advice it might not be the best, but you can still learn from it and make a good decision.

When you get other people's opinions you can see what most of them say and you can apply that with what you think. By doing so you make a good decision, but they could also open your eyes up to see something you didn't see before it may be good or it may be bad. They could also make you realize that what you choose might not be the best choice and that there could be something better for you. So you can put your choice to what they think you should do and then you can make the best decision. Your choice can impact you and the ones around you so you have to be smart when asking for advice and do what is best for you and the people around you.

Therefore, you should always ask for advice no matter how big or small it is. You always want to make the right choice and getting other people's opinions is the best way to do so. like when choosing what job you want to take or what career you want to chase after you always want to make the best decision so ask people for their advice. Everyone has to make hard choices in life and they may not know what to do so ask people for advice and do what you think is best.  