Some schools require students to complete summer projects...should these projects be teacher-designed or student designed? Summer is a moment that shouldn't be taken away by work. As a student it;s best for summer break projects to be designed by students. Although some may disagree that student-designed projects are effective; with a student-designed project time management can develop, more relate-able projects and creativity can be produced, and principals of cooperation/social skills can be established.

Firstly, time is just as potent as life itself. As an adult time management is key in the world of work. However, the younger generations of students, and children do not process this until later in life. The time difference in constructing, doing, and presenting a project can be comparable to real world activities such as: writing a report with a crunched due date, getting to a destination in a reasonable amount of time, utilizing and enhancing a persons' morning routine to get out the house more early, and many more real world tasks. Time is just as important as breathing everyday, and with having student-designed projects, students can gain these experiences at an early age; with replication, the success rate of younger adults will increase.

Secondly, doing the same activities every year such as: large research papers, extensive PowerPoint, and book reports can be repetitive; especially during summer vacation when both students and teachers alike get a break from the constant working. Students designing projects can prove beneficial; however, not only to the students themselves but teachers and even the environment along side. The creative factor in a simple project can increase for example, a science study project that involves a class taking a trip to a zoo or animal shelter for studies. Giving the class a opportunity to decide on summer projects can also tie into the immersion of summer vacation. Instead of being that book report, a person can interview others who like or dislike the book and gain criticism, knowledge, and information from a vast prospective. Not only with creativity, having the ability to relate to the student can be a opportunity to increase overall contribution of students in projects over the summer.

In addition, communication is important and a staple point in our economy. Allowing students to design summer projects can put the basic skills of cooperation and socialization to use. Understanding and accepting cooperation can place a person in a better position in life than someone who refuses to cooperate with others. And cooperation is needed life after high school examples such as: getting assistance on business, buying objects such as houses and a vehicle, working along side coworkers you don't like. Along with aiding the understanding of cooperation student-designed projects can be helpful for those who have trouble with socializing, anxiety for example. Placing a person within a group of like minded people with goal in mind can give one the opportunity to get assistance with anxiety and communication blocks throughout life.

It is often argued that having teachers to designate projects can be more beneficial than having students do the task. Certainly there are those who claim teachers are more experienced, well organized, and can provide more clarification on requirements for the task at hand. However, role reversal and having the students design the projects can result in more creative ideas, have individuality or unique portrayals of each separate idea, and a overall better interest in the project itself. As a result this side is more effective because you can gain more interactions within the targeted group, more interest in the assignment as a whole, and lower levels of stress weighing on a person or group.

As we have seen the argument of whether students or teachers should be designated to design projects runs on; having students design projects can be more of an improvement than a teacher. Simultaneously a teacher can gain more interest and interaction in the overall class, and boost the basic core skills of time management and cooperation. Not only strengthening a persons' individual skills but a persons skills to interact with the world after high school.