I, think for one of my that we should keep, the old methods are founding fathers have created. The Electoral college has work for hundreds of years. Sure it has some flukes in the system but many can be buffered. Some problems can be fix, but we deffinitaly don't need to switch it up. for the Electoral College each party is eqaul in the race for president. Each candidate running for president in our state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are chosen from by the candidates political party, the states vary on how they are to be selected. You help choose your stat's elector when you vote for president,  really because you vote for your candidate you really are actually voting for your candidate selected electors. After these few steps in the Electorical College once all the voting is settled a Certifcate of Ascertainment also declares the winning predsidential candidate in your state at a meeting in December of election year. The certificate is sent to the Congress and the National Archives as part of offical records to the presidential election, then you wait.

Now, some people disagree with me on not keeping the old method. Some people thing now is a good time to start a new way, or tradition. many people of the US also thing that there are many flukes in the Electorial College. quoted " At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters ". I strongly disagree with that quote because the voter no matter what is voting for there side. Weather they are voting for democrate, or republican the vote goes to an elector and then brought to state, which goes in as a vote for presidence. another quote released " It's offical: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational". Now how is that qouted true when for years the Electorial College has worked everytime.

Finally, the reasons on why we should keep the same method. The reasons on why we should keep these methods in general. These reasons are Certainty of Outcome, Swinging States, Big States, and the Avoidence  of Run-Off elections. All these reasons are valid reasons on why we should keep the sam method. Certainty of outcome we always have and outcome and rarly a problem. We have swinging states which gives each candidate a equal fight. Also big states in which can cause can great break through for a candidate if they win the state over. These are all valid reasons on for why we should keep the electorial college going.    