I think Venus not is a worthy pursuit because of the dangers. Venus is too hot for human to live on it's too close to the sun. The atmosphere of Venus it too thin it lets too much heat into the planet. We wont be able to survive. How do you now we will have enogh oxygen on venus to live.

First, the planet Venus it toohot for human life to survive. Venus is the second plantes from the sun it's too close to the sun for us to even try to make it there. Also no one knows how long it will take us to get to Venus wonder if the spacecraft run's out of oxygen. If it run's out of oxygen everyone will die before theyy make it to Venus, but wonder if they do make it to Venus it might not be a lot of oxygen to breathe in because the planet is so hot. Then wonder if there no water you need water to survive ecause Earth is a liquid based planet,but Venus is not.

Secondly, how do we no if the spacecraft will be able to take that type of heat. The palnet surface temperatures on Venus average over 800 degrees fahrenheit I know that's way too hot. That type of temperature is beyond of what I can imagine I know Earth's surface is hot, but not that hot. Venus atmosphere is 97 percent carbon dioxide I think it's like that, because it's so close the sun. The closer you get to the sun the more radiant energy it gives off and too much radiant energy can be bad. Like how do we know that the spacecraft will still be getting singnal from Earth, because wonder if the eletronic gadgets over heat and just give out because the planet is so hot.

Lastly, they say that venus is our twin planet. I don't see how it can be our twin planet because it so hot and it's very radiant. The planet Venus has a rocky sediment and icludes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. Earth and Venus can be twins because Earth is not rocky it's a liquid based planet. Venus has a thin atmosphere because the heat keeps it's so hot and thin it can't get a break to even expand. But Earthis not as close, so Earth's atmosphere is a little bit thicker the Venus's atmosphere. Venus might also have some harmful chemicals. I say this because how do we know what's on the planet its could be all types of harmful gases from the sun. We never know what's there on Venus or what could happen if we go.

In conclusion,

I think Venus not is a worthy pursuit because of the dangers. Venus is too hot for human to live on it's too close to the sun. The atmosphere of Venus it too thin it lets too much heat into the planet. We wont be able to survive. How do you now we will have enogh oxygen on venus to live. We don't know how long it will take to get there and how much supplies we will need to take and what supplies to even take. It's al ot to think about before we could eventhink about living on Venus. We would need to figure a lot of things off first before we go. 