I think students have benefits while they are attend thier clases in online because it helps them to learn more and to growth themselves.

Students will have more time to learn while, they are attendin their classes in home because they wil get enough time to study , to finish their homework or assignment because the have time that helps them to have to get good grade. For instance, I attended some clasese in online like; Computer Intro that helped me to hearn more about computer and helps to get some some information about how to write fast and the teacher gives me information about typing club that helps me to write quickly. Attending online classes gives alot of information like: how to research, what to look, and how to take notes it's helps to get more enough time to learn.

Also, it helps to save your time because many young teeneger works while they are in school. For-example, my friends start working while she is sixteen because she wants to save many to collage and to help herself. If, students taking online classes that helps to save their time because students who is working while in high school some students working after school and they going sleep late that distarcted to not give attension to the classes , but if students are taking online classes that would help to have time to review and it helps pay atttension well. It helps them to do well in skills by learning also it helps to by finiacal.

Aluthough, many of said taking online classes in home has disadantage because students get easly distarcted and can't improve themselves.

Students will get easy distarcted if, they are taking online or video while they are in home beacuse they can get ealy distarcted by social media like: Facebook, Indtagram or Snapchat because of most teeneger spend time to socia media that doesn't help them to do well in classes also, they can't get improve themselves because they can get alot of free time that doesn't help students to be succseful , however the teacher will give the students assignment, test, and homework while they attend the classes the teacher know how the students doing that helps the students to keep the track. Also, the teachers have the students parenting email when students first register that helps to keep students by paranting eyes. The teachers will send email to parents when they have test result , so parents will see how his/her children doing in the classes.

In summary, students can get good grades and they can improve knowledge while they are home taking by online classes.                                                                                                              