Senator,

I have many reasons to respectfully agree and disagree for the placement of your Electoral College. In many ways I know you have your reasoning for why you belive our country needs our Electoral voters, but it some cases others such as me don't belive that we do. I fully respect your decisions as Senator, but I would like to shed some light upon the situation, from the people's views.

For about 3 years now, I have been researching how the Electoral College works. Upon discovering many news and magazine articles, I noticed that many people are not in favor of the final, decided stage of election. In my eyes I see that I am not getting my full rights and potential as a voter and a legal citizen as I should be granted. Instead, I am voting for other people to vote for me, and I think that is unfair to myself, and my fellow U.S. citizens. I do not believe that all Americans are educated in the field of knowing that they are not getting the majority vote, and that the Electoral College is.

Aside from my doubts in the way this situation works, i discovered and realized that the Electoral College is a more organized and aforable way of deciding things. In the winner-takes-all stand point as most people call it, some voters take advantage of the voting system and choose someone running for President based upon look, appeal, or ethnicity. In situations such as this, I do believe it is important for an Electoral College to step in, for the pure fact of too many random and unthought choices.

My overall decision Senator, would be that the popular vote of the people would be more respectful as a group, than as a seperate election diferentiating between the people, and the Electoral College. With our votes we are deciding who we want to run our country, and who we want to make decisions that are best for us. With other people deciding our views on how to run our government, we are not getting what we want or need. Senator, I leave you with this, is it about the people's rights, or the people's thoughts on the unknown?                                                    