The Principal is making all the students participate in at least one extracurricular activity and while some people may think that this is the greatest thing,and that they are going to love it,others may think that this was a huge mistake and that they won't do any good for them. I think that people need to try an extracurricular activity to get a feel for it. Sure some students may try out for a sports team or a team in general,but they are never finding out their true potential and will leave it in the dust. I think the Principal should let all students take at least one extra curricular activity because you can make friends,find something you didn't know you were good at till now,and make a living out of it.

The principal should let everyone take a extra curricular activity is because you can make new friends. You can make new friends by talking to the people in your activity. You can find people and become friends by talking to them,becoming really close to them,and becoming friendly with them. You can also find people that you have in common. There's people that I have met that have the same likes,interests,and dislikes,and we became really great friends just by having a few things in common,so you guys should try finding someone and seeing if you have a lot of things in common with him or her. You can also find your future best friend or your soon to be best friend. You can find a person,hit it off with them,and become best friends in the long run just because of that one extra curricular activity. In conclusion I think you can make new friends in a extra curricular activity by being friendly,finding people who have the same likes and dislikes as you,and find a best friend.

Another reason the Principal should let students take one extra curricular activity because you might find something you didn't know you were good at. You can find something you didn't know you were good at because of the many options that schools have. Over fifty activities in schools around the world! From basketball,soccer,and football,form even cooking. Schools have something that might suit you. So if you don't like soccer or any sports,there's always cooking or Cosmetics. You can make teams and become popular and active. For sports such as soccer and softball,you can make the teams and get popular making a lot of friends in the process. You can make money by trying out for a sport. Once you get into high school,you can earn credits and even a college application which saves a lot of money. I think we should take an extracurricular activity because they have many options,you can be active and popular,and you can make or save money.

I think everyone should take at least one extra curricular activity because you can become know for the best basketball or best soccer player one day. Kobe Bryant and Micheal Jordan are perfect examples of people who started in basketball in probably high school as a extra curricular activity,to one of the Greatest players of all time. On the other Extra curricular activity come off as useless and left in the dust. People just take it for granted and just want the easy A.They don't try to discover their true potential and leave it in the dust. I think that an extra curricular activity is fun and may or may not get you famous,but on the other hand people just seem to abuse it's power.

In conclusion I think that the principal should let all students take at least one extra curricular activity just because if how fun it is. Taking an extra curricular activity means that you can make new friends and best friends,do something that you didn't know you were good at till now and become popular and active,and be famous just like other famous people around the globe. But one the other hand people just seem to not care. In conclusion I think that the principle should let students take at least one extra curricular activity but not make it a rule so that other people will not feel uncomferable and forced to take an extra curricular activity.