Electoral college... what a compromise! the electoral college should be removed and replaced by the popular vote for the president because our votes don't really count and the electors are not always fair.

In the passage it had said "you help choose your state's electors when you vote for the president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate electors." This means our votes are not really counting. The state electors are the ones who are actually selecting the president for us. Candidates don't spend time in states that they have no chance of winning. Putting the fate of presidency in the hands of a few swing votes is rediculous. The electoral college is irrational and doesn't show much of reality. Some people tend to lose interest in the president's because of the way they feel about their votes. Thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election and vote directly instead for representitives to do so. People have refused to vote for party candidates and wan't to cast a vote for whomever they please. There are over sixty percent of people that would perfer a direct election to the kind we have now.

Another reason why electoral college should get replaced is because it is not fair sometimes. "can voters control whom their electors vote for? not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? sometimes." This is the disater factor, it is hardly expected to reflect on the will of the people. A large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than small states do. At times a presidents can have more popular votes and the other less fewer electoral votes and the one with the popular votes lose and that only happened once. In run off elections if people know that their vote will not have an effect and think its unfair than they have less incentive to pay attention to any compaign than they would if the president were picked by popular votes. Potential voters will turn off the electoral method if they know a candidate has not hope of building up their state.

That is why electoral votes should be replaced with popular votes for the president because most of the time our votes do not count and it is unfair to us.    