When was the last time you asked for advice? When in such a situation, it is important to ask more than one person. If you just went to one person, you could end up getting really bad advice. Asking lots of people will allow you to evaluate multiple opinions. It also gives you control over the decision you are making, as you ultimately decide which of the options to choose. You can also come up with your own solution based off of the solutions of others. Asking multiple people allows for the freedom of choice and, consequently, a better choice.

However, when only asking one person, you may end up with bad advice. For example, when I was little, I asked my older brother for help on my homework. I assumed that since he had been through the class, he knew exactly what he was doing. Instead, he had forgotten how to do it, and mislead me. If I had asked my mom and dad, then I would have been able to reason that if they both got the same answer, they were right. My trust in one person's advice led me to get a C on my homework, and a break in my otherwise straight As.

Though only asking one person can lead to bad advice, there are times when the advice given is good. This is especially true if you ask someone you can trust. It is important to keep in mind, however, that the advice given still may not be the best, and to get the best advice possible, you will have to consult multiple people. Currently, I am scheduling classes for high school, and have talked with my mom about it. She has helped me arrange things so that I can meet all the requirements while still taking the classes I want to take. While I trust her and know that the advice she has given me is good, I plan on visiting the school counselor to make sure that everything works, and to get more advice. I know the school counselor will have better advice because she knows the most about planning for high school. It is crucial that I listen to her if I want the best advice.

Using these methods will usually get you good advice, but it requires blind trust in someone else's advice to get you precisely what you want. Good advice should make you think about what you want to do instead of telling you how to do it. By evaluating the advice given to you, you can find the parts that make the most sense to you and formulate your own idea based on them. When I finalize my plan for high school, I will use both my mom's advice, the counselor's advice, and my own idea of what I want to do to create the best plan. Using other people's advice in conjunction with mine will give me a plan that helps me accomplish exactly what I want.

There are many ways to find and use advice. No matter how you do it, the end result should reflect your wants and needs. Asking many people is the best way of doing this, because it allows you to choose what you know is best for you, and not just what one person may think. This leads to independent decisions that put you on a path to becoming the person that you want to be. Clearly, when looking for advice, consulting many people is an important start.