In the article ''Unmasking the Face on Mars'' it shows enough evidence for the face to be another landform. In the next three paragraphs i will be telling you why the face is just another landform.

In history there have been many conspiracys about alot of things that have turned up to be nothing horrific or amazing. The scientist actually thought it was just another landform. As explained in paragraph twelve,''What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or messa-landforms common around the American west.''The article also says that the Snake River of Idaho can take the form of a isolated messa about the size of the Face on Mars. This paragraph surely by itself can tell people why the Face on Mars was just a landform.

In paragraph three it says ''it was a huge rock formation which resembales a human head formed by shadows giving the illusion of a mouth,nose and ears. In paragraph eleven you can discern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size, so if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyrimids or even small shacks you could see what they were. Most people think aliens are not real. Now that scientist have better picture takers compared to the viking one and two.

The main reason i do not want you to believe that the Face on Mars ia a alien artifact is because the the article gives you the best reanson not to. In paragraph seven it says,''when Mars Surveyor flew over cydonia for the first time Micheal Malin and his Orbiter camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all.

I hope this argumentative essay will chang your mind about whether or not you believe that the Face on Mars was a landfom and not a alien artifact. Giving that you read this essay i think my three body paragraphs will do more than influence your posistion on the subject.

SINCERELY ''Nicholas''                                   