One thing that can never happen is asking to many questions, because question are away of making sure the answer is right or if the answer is not clear. I also think that asking more than one person is a great thing, because seeking multiple opinions can help make better choices, make sure all the facts are right, or if someone is wrong about something.

The way seeking multiple opinions and help you make better choices is by one person my say all these good thing about one collage and another person might tell say the complete opposite of that. Even if that wasn't enough to make the decision which collage to go to it would never hurt to get a third opinion. It can also be at a job that may not be the best but just by getting someone else say in that job it could possibly change anyone point of view on that job and it could help them make their decision easier. Adults and young adults may need help by picking a new car out, because car are really expensive and there is a lot to look at like the gas, how many miles, and the amount the car cost. Those are big things to look at when buying a car and a young adult may not know about all those things so they my just ask their mom, dad, or even their grandparents. With young adults they can make some pretty bad decisions and serious ones to like taking drugs. Many teems think that taking drugs wont effect them or they wont get addicted but before they think about doing drugs they should ask a trusting friend that is a good influence and hear what they have to say.

Another way seeking multiple opinions can be help is when doing a paper and looking at different web sites. When on Wikipedia not all their fact are true, because anyone one can go on there and put whatever they want to. So thats its always good to go to more than one website when researching something. In school not all the teachers think alike clause when asking for help by one teacher they my tell you this is the answer but when going to another teacher they may think other wise but this doesnt always happen because most of the teachers know what their doing.

The last way seeking multiple opinions can also help with small thing like picking out clothes or what bag of chips to get. It may just seem like a bag of chips but when asking one friend to see if the new pringles chips are good or not and they say no but your other friend says they are the best thing in the world. So then when asking your third friend they say they are the best thing to so when trying them they were actually the best thing ever. Its little things like that can make change someones future because now their kids are going to grow up eating those chip and so on.

Those were may reason I thought seeking multiple opinions could be helpful, because it can help make better choices,make sure all the facts are right so your not saying anything false, and for small things in life.