I do not agree, students need to focus more on finishing school and passing, making more career plan activities will help, and finally doing what they love will make a big impact. The student council,sports and working on the yearbook are fantastic things but its wasting time, is that what people want to do for there whole lives, things that they dont like to do. The topics that the principal gave us. Sports, student council and even working on the yearbook. Some people dont like sports counciling nor working on the yearbook. So why should these students be treated like they have no career ahead of them. Except sports are a little different.

Sports are fun but not everyone loves the fact of working out. Some people like video games some people have a job that they want to do, these two activities can get you a career/job. And a career that you are good at is a good career but a job that dose not make you happy is not a good career. These suggestions that the principal made are not even a well paid,like student counciling and some are not even a job!

Just like focusing on careers and jobs we still need to make it through school. And yes there will be some fun times but if that happy cupcake,glitter,sunshine overflows you will never make it out of school. Sports are different but student cuonciling and the yearbook really dose not help your winning chances in the over all game of life.

I would have a different answer if the topics were more career or more entertaining. But if the extracurricular activities could change to more of a fun and helpful way then my answer would have change. Like art, sports which I know is one of them, you know more on the dream side. If that were to change then the whole career jobs doing what you love thing would be gone.

Over all i still would never say yes to a waste of time, not getting school time and career time really impacts on life. and that would suck if that happened. You would be in poor low paid job with two kids and single. All of the things i said would change in time and would eventually happened but I will never agree to forcing someone to do something, even things that people might not like to do for a year or worse.                                