There is a new era in driving. people from all around the contry are either cutting down on driving or getting rid of there cars all together. I think that cutting back on te usage of driving a car will get people to find new ways of travel and also cut down on green house gas emisions.

There are many reasons to cut down on the driving of cars. one of these reasons is to find new ways of traveling. I'm not the only one who feels this way. there are many up and coming communitys enforcing the same idea but actual doing somthing to enforce it. "70 percent of vauban's families don not own cars and 57 percent of the familys sold there car to move there"(source 1)as you can see i am not the onlyone with these belifs this neighborhood has set up certin rules and restrictions to make sure that people are either finding a place to store there car and walk and find a new means of transportation or they are selling there cars all togehter. Another way people like this are preventing people from driving or buying cars is they make it extremly expensive to park and store your car. like it says in source 1"car ownership is alwoud but there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of the development where car owners buy a space for 40,000 dollers,along with a home"so as you can see even though they are not making driving imposable but they are making it extremly hard to induldge in that process.

Another reason that i think we should cut down or completly get rid of driving and cas is to cut down on green house gas emisions. in the second scource it says "paris had 147 micrograms of particulate mater or PM. compared to other contries in the world that only have 114 or 79 micrograms PM." (source 2) this goes to show that just one of the smaller cities in a smaller contrie is emitting this much pollution into the air imagine how much the U.S is or china is emitting daily. when paris found out abot this they made sure that no one was driving for the next few days to "clear the air". and when the driving ban lifted there was already an increase in the clenleness of the air after only a few days of not a lot of people driving. And the people who were caught driving were givin a fine for driving. if we want to stop the green house gas emisions we as a contry and even a world need to find ways like what paris did to "clear the air" cars alone make up 12% of the green house gas emisions. now imagine our contry and planet if we were to completly cut out that 12% percent. we can do that as long as we can come up with ways and guide lines and rules to limit the use of cars.

to wrap up,i think as a contry and as a planet we need to come up with new ways and ideas on how to limit the use of cars and the green house gas emisions. and the only way to do that is to give people other options on diffrent ways of travel and to show them the statistics of how bad cars actualy are for the enviroment.                                                    