What if you could take all those boring, uncomfortable classes you have at school in the comfort of your own home? Now learning by way of online or video conferencing is a reality. A lot of students have the opportunity to attend all their regular classes at home rather than being at school. The question that arises now is: which learning environment benefits students more? Learning in school benefits students more because there's less distractions, it is more personal, and also more reliable.

One reason students learning in school is more beneficial to them is because there are less distractions in a school classroom then there are in the student's house. Since they are in their own house, they might get too comfortable and slack off because they won't be caught, or they can simply not pay attention to the lesson and the teacher wouldn't be able to notice them. An example of this happening is a student could be working on their bed and can feel tired for a second, then instead of finishing what they were doing for school they could fall asleep right there. In a classroom setting, if a student was dozing off or about to fall asleep, the teacher would wake them up to make sure they dont miss any of the important material of the class they are in.

Another reason students learning in school is more beneficial to them is because it has a more personal connection between teacher and student. If a student is taking classes online there is a good chance that the teacher doesn't even know it unless it is a one-on-one teaching session where it is only the teacher and the student. This means students that need extra help and students that want to ask questions can't because they aren't there to talk to the teacher directly. If I wanted to meet my teacher after class because of something I didn't understand during class time, I would be able to because I can just walk up to them and ask; however, if i wasn't present in the classroom I wouldn't be able to ask for that extra help. This puts students who have trouble learning at a disadvantage. If a student is struggling with something, a teacher can visibly see that and go help; however, if the student is struggling online the teacher wouldn't notice at all and the student would have to do more work than necessary.

The last reason students learning in school is more beneficial than learning online is because learning in a classroom is a lot more reliable. Technology is very good and can do a lot of things people can't, but they also are less reliable at some times. Technical difficulties can happen to a student using their device all day for classes that can take a long time to finish. There are a whole lot of things that could go wrong when using a device to learn such as: a student misplacing their device and can't find it in time for the class, the device dying from lack of charging before the lesson, a random malfunction or update that could interfere with the device during the lesson, etc.. All of these events are likely to happen to a student who is constantly using their device everyday for long periods of time. Instead of risking things like this to happen, coming into the classroom itself is the most reliable way of learning for a student.

While some people believe students learning online is better because students are more comfortable than they would be in a classroom and it's more convenient for them; learning in a classroom is still better. Being able to have less distractions in a classroom, having a more personal connection with the teacher, and it just being more reliable than using technology, makes learning in the classroom the most beneficial way of learning for students in school.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          