"The Challenge of Exploring Venus" article infroms the readers about Venus's harsh conditions and mankinds's curiosity to explore this unknown.

This curiosity has challenged The National Aeronaautics and Space Administration (NASA) to strive for a better understanding of Venus.

The author of this article supports this statement well enough, but could have supported his work better.

Throughout the article, the author describes the dangers of Venus explaining why exploration is diffiicult.

In paragraph 3, the author states, "These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals," proving that Venus can not support human life or any of human technology.

The author describes the danger well, however, he/she does not address why Venus is a worth pursuit for discovery.

The author repeatedly uses the unknown aspect of Venus's physical attributes and humans' natural curiosity as the two main motives for exploration on this planet.

Paragraph 8 shows this by opening with, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." The author continuously uses those two factors as to why humans are so keen on pursuing this inhospitable planet.

There is a lack of evidence explaining why Venus is worthy of exploration but informed why we should be exploring Venus but the author describes the dangers of Venus very well.

To strengthen the author's suggestion, studying Venus is a worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents, he/she should have included details on what the planet can offer humans or given more reasons as to why humans are so motivated to explore our sister planet.

The author only supports the dangers of Venus presents well in his/her suggestion but doesn't support why Venus is a worthy pursuit in exploration well.