Required Essay 2: Phones & Driving

Should you or should you not text and drive? In today's world texting and driving is illegal, and yet some people still do it. Are they taking this law serious? Police haven't been cracking down on this law like we thought they would, but how's it possible that yes they are police officers and they have a job to do just like everybody else but they drive with a computer next to there hands, but people can't text and drive. Don't get me wrong I am for the no texting and driving law, but if we can cause a wreck with phones, they can definitely cause a wreck looking at a laptop. At the end of each day we have a law to obey.

In my experience, which isn't much i'd say no texting and driving. I'm with the law that was passed so my safety and so others safety are always available. At the same time people still do not listen to the law and still get into wrecks and still get tickets but turn around and do it all over again. For this law to be passed it's basically to make people feel better because still to this day you see a police you put the phone down, they pass its right back in your hand. What good is that helping? Not only are you putting yourself in danger you're putting the other cars in danger with you because at any given moment you can look up and the light won't be green anymore, or pedestrians will be crossing the road. I understand emergencies happen and you need your phone but at the same time there is bluetooth and onstar for that reason exactly. It's not much you needing to be on the phone, you want to be on the phone, you're so use to it being in your hand that you constantly got to look down at it.

On the phones themselves, something pops up on the screen about the silence texting while driving but you have the option to keep it on or off. There shouldn't of been an option, once you're in the car you're officially at a no phone zone, put the phone down way in a place you can't hear it or see it and don't touch it until you get somewhere.

If you need a gps, there is one in the car and if not there is an app on the phone, and a holder to place your phone on your windshield. Then turn off notifications or like before turn on the silent feature for driving. No text is ever more important than your life and the people's lives around you. Phones can be a distraction just like everything else, you see an animal what are you going to do? Look at it. Driving without texting prevents a lot of things. With your phone in your hand you're capable of hitting signs, cars, people, buildings, etc. When you put your phone down you see the road and you see what is around you and you become so much more aware with your phone put away.

Driving takes a lot of effort, you have to know that you know what you're doing. You can't just get on a road and decide that this is the time to practice your turns, or your parking. Putting a phone in your hand is much worse when you haven't been driving long. Even grown adults still today don't know how to drive while on the phones so clearly practice doesn't even help with that. Each day you are on the road 9 people are killed and 1,000 injured due to texting and driving. There are 3,500 deaths each year due to texting, imagine if not all but most people sat down there phones how many people's lives would have been saved from paying more attention. There is guilt in each death that happens whether it's your fault while driving or the other person, you were in an accident and you feel like you did wrong even if you were doing everything right.

At the end of the day, it is illegal and police aren't necessarily doing everything they can to prevent it. They put this law into order so something could change but the people aren't changing so why aren't the police officers doing anything about it to help our and there safety. Whether you drive or you are a passenger make sure when you get into the car they text who they have to before they start driving around and if they go to reach fr tere phone don't be afraid to ask what they are doing. Tell them how you want your safety to be prevented and don't let them put your life in danger.         