I didn't know what to do. My gut was telling me one thing and brain was telling me the opposite. After talking to my mom, my dad, and my aunt, for advice, I was able the best choice based on the advice given to my by all three of them. I think that talking to multiple people for advice is better then talking to one person because they can help you understand all the pros and cons, they all have different view points on a situation, and one person doesn't know everything.

Firstly, talking to multiple people can help you better understand the pros and cons of a situation. Pros and cons are the positive and negative outcomes of a situation. Understanding the pros and cons of a situation will help you make the best choice. Therefore talking to multiple people will help you visualize all the pros and cons in a situation. One person might help you understand the pros. They can help you make a choice based on the positive outcome. Another person might help you understand the cons, and help you make a choice based on the negative outcome. I think that talking to multiple people can help you decide because they can advise you to make the best choices based on the pros and cons each person has about the situation.

Another reason I think talking to multiple people will help make the best choice, is because each person has different view points. Whether the views are political or just because of age, each person's views are valuable in the difficult situation. For example, one person might be older and more wise, therefore giving you advice that is well thought out. Another person might be younger and not have as many experiences as the older person but they will probably understand the situation because they grew up in this day and age. Talking to both young and old people, or people with different views, can help you get a lot of different view points so you can make the best choice possible.

Lastly, talking to more than one person for advice will help you because one person doesn't know everything. One person might give you a little bit of advice and then the next person adds on to that. For example, if one person is telling you to do one thing, but they don't fully know the situation it might not be helpful. Another person who knows the whole situation can add on to what the other person said, and you will understand the situation better. This will help you make the best choice possible by having multiple people's input or advice on an idea. If you talk to several people, you will be able to get lots more advice that you wouldn't be able to get if you only talk to one person.

In conclusion, I think that talking to multiple people for advice is better then talking to one person because they can help you understand all the pros and cons, they all have different view points on a situation, and one person doesn't know everything. Talking to several people helped me and I know that from now on I will always ask multiple people when I need advice.