Imagine it's minutes away from the school having summer break, then all of a sudden the teacher hands out the summer project packet the class is assigned to do during summer. Others think it'll be a horrible assignment because the teacher is creating the requirements. If students really pay attention to what's happening they'll realize the teacher is making the class do less work compared to what students wanted. Summer projects should be teacher designed because they have more experience, they'll make sure the class covers new material, and it'll be easier for teachers to grade.

Teachers know what results they want when it comes down to projects. They've went to college, learned about designing projects, and spent their time and money on being taught how to grade and make assignments. The school faculty know our strengths and weaknesses, what we need and what we don't, teachers have walked in our shoes. They know what students want before the students know.

The schools number one priority is to teach and make students learn new information. Teachers know how to introduce new topics, ideas, and questions that'll force students to use their brain. They're aware of what children know and don't know. Teachers know that it would take too long for students to make their assignment because they haven't been taught how to grade or make a rubric to grade with.

Having the teachers design the project will be easier for them to grade. They know what they want to look for in the assignment. Teachers teach, make assignments, and grade for a living, and they know what to expect. The school faculty know what we'll achieve and what we'll fail at, they making rubrics and grading systems designed for students.

However, students would have fun inventing their own requirements for the assignment, but students just use what they already know. Teachers will make sure others learn because that's their job. They'll have students focus on the project, and not creating it.

In conclusion, having the teacher design the classes summer project makes it easier for you and your teacher. Students shoud learn and focus on their work while teachers should make the work and focus on what the students need to learn. Teachers have more knowledge when it comes to grading, they'll make sure students contain new information, and they grade better when they use their own rubic.