Last week, I had a math test on my first period. I prepared well for the test, but on that day, I woke up late, and I realized I got late for my school. I also have missed my school bus; therefore, I had to walk the whole way to my school. I was tired and tensed. As a result, I couldn't do well in that test, but if I was taking online class, I could take the test from home and be able to not get into all this trouble. Online classes can save us from getting into all this kind of problems and save our time also. Although some say students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because sometimes, students might not understand their lecture or work on online classes, and as a result, they would not be able to do well in that class, actually students would benefit from being able to attend online classes from home because sometimes, students don't want to go to school because of sickness or being not at home, so they can stay home and take classes from wherever they are at that time and by taking online classes, high school students can save a lot of time and can work for more hours or do some other courses or activities.

Those who believe students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home have their reasons.

They say sometimes students might not understand their lecture or work on online classes, and as a result, they would not be able to do well in that class. For example, if they get a project or assignment, some students may have trouble in understanding how to do/complete that assignment or sometimes, they might not understand a topic from a lecture in online class.

However, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes from home because sometimes, students don't want to go to school because of sickness or being not at home, so they can stay home and take classes from wherever they are at that time. For example, if I get sick, I don't need to miss school. I can stay at home and take my classes from home. Again, if I'm not at home or may be I'm at my relative's place or my friend's place, I'll be still able to attend those classes.

Also, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes from home because by taking online classes, high school students can save a lot of time and can work for more hours or do some other courses or activities. One example is that, if I don't need to come to school to attend classes I would be able to make my own schedule and I can do my job for more hours in weekdays and save money for my college. Again, I can finish my school works quickly and take other courses which can help me in my future career or, may be I can do some other activities I like.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend online classes from home because sometimes, students don't want to go to school because of sickness or being not at home, so they can stay home and take classes from wherever they are at that time and by taking online classes, high school students can save a lot of time and can work for more hours or do some other courses or activities. Online classes can help us in many ways. Not only it will save our time but also it can give us opportunity to do a lot of extra activities and enjoy the day.