Many times during online activites, students can become confused or just simply bored. They often need their teacher to come and explain the topic to them because the online course or activity just simply isn't helping them in a way that works for them. The Facial Action Coding System would be beneficial to both the students and the teachers in schools. This technology can enable online programs to be modified to the students needs, whether they're lost or just uninterested, and it can help the children more efficiently when the teacher has their hands full. The Facial Action Coding System would be an overall help to struggling students and teachers everywhere.

Bored students are never a good thing. No student looks at a boring assignment and thinks, "Wow, I really want to do this assignment for the next hour." A bored student leads to an unmotivated student who isn't trying very hard, and there is nothing more boring than staring at a screen for some period of time doing homework. In the sixth paragraph of the article it states that this technology could recognize when a student is becoming bored and modify the lesson like a real human instructor. This could keep students engaged and interested in the lesson. They would be more willing to complpete their work than if the lesson were monotonous. The Facial Action Coding System could eliminate bored students everywhere.

Teachers in public schools can have up to 40 students in one class and they can't help all of them at once. Teachers are human, they can't be in two places at once or helping two students at once. With the Facial Action Coding System, computers can modify their lesson and teaching to specific students and give them the help that they need to understand the standards. All students don't learn the same way and all teachers cannot possibly have time to help each and every one of their students individually. This technology can make studies a little bit easier for everyone, even the adults.

This technology would be very valuable in schools, especially in the times we're currently living in. Almost everything is online nowadays. Classes that taught how to write in cursive are being replaced with classes that teach how to type correctly on a keyboard. In many schools you will find children carrying around laptops instead of textbooks. You can even take college courses online. Why wouldn't you want to make the online learning experience even better by allowing the computers to customize themselves to the specific student?

In conclusion, the Facial Action Coding System would vastly improve the educational experience of students all around the world. If a student were confused or bored, the computer would adjust itself to keep the student understanding and engaged in the lesson. The computers would be able to provide just as good of help as the teacher would, thereby lessening the workload of the teacher and making sure the students are still getting all the explanations and teaching they need. Technology is everywhere, in almost every classroom. Improving the way it works would be improving our student's education and in time, their futures. 