Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think that you should require all students to do community service at least five hours a week. Community service is a good way to teach the students to be responsible and learn to manage their time between school and homework. The students who do the work will learn how much work it takes to keep the community clean and projective. These students will be able to interact with other people that are working in the service with them too. They will be able to take responsibility of their actions. They can also learn new skills depending on the task they take on in the community. Vandals and delinquents who do the services will learn how hard it is to do the tasks and act better out of fears of getting more hours to the service they already have to do .

My friend OTHER_NAME was always acting up in class and causing trouble in or out of school. He just enjoyed being the center of attention because of things he would do or come up with. Later all the things he had caught up with him and he had to serve hours of community service out of it. OTHER_NAME would have to serve a minimum of two hours a day until he does all sixty of his penalized hours. Now he is behaving in class because he learned all those hours of extra work are not worth a couple minutes of laughter. OTHER_NAME has gained more knowledge and responsibility due to all the work he spent paying off his debt and helping all those people. He had to find out the hard way that his were worse than he had. I admire OTHER_NAME for becoming a better student and learning that the way he acted was not the best way.

This is why I urge you to make it a requirement that students serve at least five hour of community service to help out the people who need it. It will help them become better people and learn to be responsible like my friend OTHER_NAME other trouble makers will also learn to be better people. They will be able to learn and give out respect to people when they deserve it. Maybe t they will act out every other while but they will do it less often then they do now without being required to do the work. They will learn to be responsible with how they with use their time and what they do to make those hours every week. The new skills they learn will help them grow as a person and a member of their community. People who don't so their hours should be require to do an extra hours every week until they make it up. These are some reasons why you should make it a requirement to do community work every week.

Sincerely your student,

STUDENT_NAME