Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices because they can get different perspective from other people, more option to choose from, and other ways to solve problem. Things can go really bad sometimes if someone doesn't ask for more than one option to choose from.

First of all, getting different perspective from other people is anther reason for someone to ask for multiple opinions. Let's say Generic_Name was going to the mall, but when she got there she didn't know where this on store that she really wanted to go was. She asked a dude where it was and the dude said " In the second floor". She went to the second floor and did not find the store so she asked another person and other person said "It's on the first floor next to the ice cream shop". She went down to the first floor and went next to the ice cream shop got an ice cream and found the store. Generic_Name was so happy she found that store because if she had it asked the other person she would never had found the store.

Second of all, having more than one opinion is better right?. For example lets say Generic_Name moved to New York and it was her first day of high school, she had know clue where her school was nether her parents. Generic_Name parents told her to just walk to school and see where other students where going. She saw this girl with blue eyes and brown hair, " "She looks like a high school" Generic_Name said, so she ran up to the girl and asked "Hey what's your name" Generic_Name she said I'm in high school what about you" "Oh same" Generic_Name said. When they got in the school Generic_Name had to go in a complete different way and Generic_Name was complete lost again. However, While Generic_Name was walking in the hallway she was asking a bunch of people to see where she had to go. She got multiple answers saying to go to the same place. See asking multiple opinion is better than one because what happen if she only had asked one person they could had been room and she could had gone to the wrong room.

Lastly,

Another reason why seeking multiple opinion is good, is because it can solve problems. For example, Generic_Name was having a sleepover with two friends. They were making food in the kitchen when her mom told her not to. While they were having fun cooking the oven caught on fire. Generic_Name was finking out she didnt know what to do "AHHHHHH WHAT SHOULD I DO" she said freaking out. One of her friends said call 911 while on the other hand her other find told her just trow water it will be fine your so dramatic. Generic_Name decide that calling 911 was the smartest or lets say better idea. 911 came and solved the problem.

Overall, seeking multiple options can help someone make better choice by getting different perspective from other people, more options to chose from and can solve problems. Generic_Name found the mall she had to find, she found the place had to go and her house didnt burn down. Let's just say somethings really bad could had happen if Generic_Name didnt ask for more than one opinion.