All the fun and games you've had is coming to an end like summer is, so finish it the great summer you've had and turn it into an amazing project for school! No more projects from teachers, summer projects should be student designed, more benefited towards the students learning abilities and their summer minds. Many students enjoy their long break over the summer and when the break is almost over they have to do a project for their teachers. Summer projects should be student designed as it would feel more creative coming from a student's perspective, they can keep their minds fresh by thinking about a project to do while having fun, and students can use what they've learned or seen over their vacations to design a good project.

Projects designed by students would feel more creative from their perspective. Many students have a surprisingly active mind at their age, as some can see more than just a picture. Students point of views of things are kind of simple but their creativeness is what makes their minds great. Designing a project from their perspective can be outstanding and turn out as a great project. Teachers would get a variety of different projects this way and could grade each one differently, instead of grading their own designed project repeatedly. This would also help the the teachers because it would be easier and more helpful the their students.

A project which a student designs can keep their mind fresh in the summer while they think about it and have fun. Relaxation in the summer keep everyone's stress levels down and they ease up more. Having a relaxed mind and thinking about a project to design in the summer will be very easy. Students can make a project on what they're doing in the summer like going on vacation with family, working a job to save up money,etc. Keeping a fresh mind is always important because it benefits you going into the year and keeping good grades to get you someplace good. A fresh and relaxed mind is always a good place to start work, as, more ideas and topics fly through your head.

Students can use what they've learned or seen over their vacation to design good projects. Students on vacation will probably go on some tour guides on their vacation to learn more about the area,its history, and see extraordinary things. A great project is what you already know and have the facts straight about the topic, and if students use what they had seen on their vacation and use that new knowledge about where they went, how it was like, what were the people like,etc, teachers would appreciate that they saw this project and feel accustomed to learn more about it. Students would love to hear that their project did very good and more people want to know more about it. Having a project designed by students that do great and show that these projects are more helpful to students than they are to teachers show the true benefit of them and how successful students can be.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student designed as it would feel more creative coming from a student's perspective, they can keep their minds fresh by thinking about a project to do while having fun, and students can use what they've learned or seen over their vacations to design a good project. Although if students designed their own projects, there's always the ones that are lazy and don't do school work and that the project will just be simple, plain, and of no benefit towards them. So, in my opinion, students should be able to make their own projects because, they would be more helpful to themselves than the teachers who are already learning more skills over the summer. Therefore, what is a summer project without some fun and great ideas in them.