No Cell Phones Driving

There should be no cell phones while people are behind the wheel. This can increase traffic, cause crashes, and can even get you pulled over. There is no text that is worth the risks that you take by using it while driving. Most may use it for gps but that is something that can be used before you start your car, and it can be put on speaker so you can hear the directions. It can only take one time that you think its ok to pull it out; only for it to cause you time, money, and quite possibly your life.

Using your cell phone while operating a vehicle is also a hindrance on other drivers as well. The phone is a distraction that can slow down the smoothly moving traffic and back things up. Examples are not paying attention to the change of lights while sitting at a red light. That keeps others from moving along with their driving and will cause traffic jams in big cities where cell phone usage is most used. Which in big cities can be a big factor to car crashes

In most states having your cell phone out while driving is illegal for newer drivers and can be punishable with the suspension of your license. For others the punishment can be a fine that goes up to $150 in Georgia which is one of the highest in the country. Having to deal with a fine given and being pulled over can stop you from getting to your destination to a party , meeting, or even just home. Now you run the chance of being late because you needed to check your phone while driving. Even if you are just checking for a split second you open yourself to the risks of your divided attention.

On the other hand people justify the usage of phones while driving a vehicle as an emergency that they can't miss. Sometimes you run into those calls or texts that you just cant miss. Understanding that yes, life does get in the way and some things need urgent reactions. You can just as quickly stop on the side of the road to not only be safer while checking the emergency, but also giving your full attention to the matter rather than half and half. You will be able to safely deal with the emergency that arises calmly as well since you are stopped, such as setting the gps to a new destination if needed, or even finding a new place to eat.

While people think they can use their phones and drive, it's not the smartest idea. Crashes, traffic backups, and fines are all outcomes from using them. It puts not only you in danger but others as well The text or call you miss is not worth what you could pay. The payment could range from money you may not have, or even your or somebody else's life. There are even many commercials talking about this very topic with the simple slogan "It Can Wait".         