Have you ever heard of the facial action coding system? The facial actions coding system enables computers to identify human emotions. "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all fourty four major muscles in the model must move like human muscles". Pretty cool,right? But is this technology really valuable for students in a classroom? I'm going to give you three reasons as to why i think this technology is not valueable.

Firstly, students have a right to keep their privacy. it might be very embarrasing for a student that wants to keep their emotions private to later find out that teachers know exactly how they feel. Even though by just looking at somebody you can whether someone is happy,sad,mad,and etc. If someone doesn't feel comfortable with their emotions they can seek the help they need. Students might not want to attend school anymore due to the fact that their privacy has been taken away, and at any second they might be questioned about their emotions.

secondally, students attend school to learn. By cutting precious timeout of their day to try and read their emotions many students will not get the learning that is needed. Students will start to get bad grades and fail many classes if they are not learning the right way. Many parents might get upset, because they might not want the their kids to go through this process. If the teachers have the parents permission that would be a whole different story.

Lastly, Many students already go through stress due to having many school assignments and trying to keep their grades in good shape. If teachers put another stress factor on kids it could be very hard on them, and also could lead to depression. This generation if very private with everything that goes on in their daily life activities. I know students will not like everyone knowing about how they all are feeling everyday. Students deserve to be happy or sad without everyone knowing.

This are my three reasons as to why i feel that the facial action coding system is not valueable to students in a classroom. They need privacy, not having many stress in their lifes, and lastly they need their learning time.