Dear, state senator

I am writing this letter to argue the favor of keeping the Electoral College during president elections. There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral College. All are practial reasons , not liberal or conservative reasons.

Certainty of outcome

Everyone's President

Swing states

Big states

Avoid Run-Off Elections

Certainty of outcome

A problem over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible. Once before it happened in 2000 , but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The winning candidate's share of the Electoral college comes from his popular vote. 2012 election for example Obama & Romney , Obama recieved 61.7 percent of electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of popular votes. A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes.

Everyone's President

Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. A president from the south ,has no incentive to campaign in those states, he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win in . This is a unfair result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to ba a successful president. Residents of the other regions are likely to feel as their votes do not count,that the new president has no regard for their interest.

Swing States

Winner takes all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates. Voters in toss up states are most likely to pay close attention to the campaign ,and to really listen to the competing candidates . They are known to be the most thoughtful voters. They have recieved the most information and attention from from the candidates.

Big States

The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose. A large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does

Avoid Run Off Elections

The Electoral College avoids the problems of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. A run off election is when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast. The Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state.

Voters in presidential elections are people who wants to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.

There's also some cons of the Electoral College. In the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case , the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives , where state delegations vote on the president. The electoral college is unfair to voters. Becasue the winner take all system in ecah state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning , they focus on "swing" states. Votes vote not only for the president ,but for a state of electors , who in turn elect the president.

There's a lot of pro's and con's to this arguement,but I believe you should keep the Electoral College .                    