Why do people get many opinions for one thing? I believe they get more them one opinion, because it gives them more feeback on the item/thing they are looking to get. More then one opinion is better then just having one opinion. When there is only one opinion you get a little advice or feeback about the thing, but more then one opinion can be the thing you need to hear about that specific item you want.

Let's say you want the new toy that came out but your friends already got it and are showing it off to you. They tell you not to get it because it is to expensive for a little toy. you say thanks for the advise and decide not to get the toy thanks to your friends who said it was a waste of money. so you decide to get the new game that came out with really good reviews. When you get it you think to yourself was this a good purchase? You ask your friends and they yes it was a good purchase and you know you made the right choice.

if your deciding on what food you want to get at a resturaunt and have no idea what to get. Ask your friends or even the waiter about good options for food. He/She will name there favorites and if you name a food they will tell you that its good or its not so good. When they reccomend a food, that is there advice saying this is good you should get it. But when they dont recomend the food they are saying this is bad don't get it. so when you go to a resturaunt ask for what they recomend, because it might be a really good choice and you might enjoy it.

When you get advise from friends and family they are just stating there opinion on what your thinking about the opinion does not truely matter but if you listen to their opinion you might do the right thing. This is why getting opinions from other people is a good thing, because they help you make choices you cant make by your self. This is why getting advise from other people is not a bad thing. Getting advise can be good or bad but most of the time it is good and good advise will help you and bad advise will make you regret your choice.