Imagine you are relaxing on the beach, enjoying a wonderful vacation with your family and friends. When suddenly, your music is interrupted by an email from your Spanish teacher that your summer assignment is due at 12:00 am. You had completely forgotten about your summer assignment and need to quickly hurry to get it done before the deadline. Although some say student-designed summer projects are better and easier, actually teacher-designed summer projects are far more superior.

It can be clearly said that students have full capacity to design their own projects and make sure it does not over-exceed their limits. Students designing their own projects can allow them to make sure it does not affect their daily live and that will entice them to actually do the project. For example, when teachers assign a project, it can feel as though the teacher is being inconsiderate because they might have given them a difficult project. Another example is the fact that the teacher's design might not be comprehensible to the student and could be too vague or too complicated for the student to understand.

The reason I believe summer assignments should be designed by teachers is because of the structure and perfect context. I do believe students are capable of designing projects themselves, however, students sometimes lack the ability to give enough context in anything they design. Teachers always design a project or assignment that can be completed by anyone and that it should not overwork the students. Teachers have the ability to include more context and give an ideal project to any student. For example, teachers give full and proper directions when introducing the project and can always explain the context behind what they are asking the student for. Another example would be the fact that teacher always make it simpler than it really should be for the student to complete the project they are given.

In addition to support my argument, teachers have no control over the students time management skills. As I stated before, teachers make the projects fitted to accommodate every students schedule. Not to mention the fact that they also would like to enjoy their summer and are well aware that their students would rather have nothing interfere with their summer activities. Teachers do not assign projects for fun, but they assign them because of the fact that they want their students to remember at least something they did in a classroom. For example, teachers never assign anything during the summer that can't be done in less than ten minutes

. Another example would be that teachers take time out of their day to compose an email or a reminder of some sort to let the student know that their project is due soon.

In conclusion, whether it is the student that cannot manage their time properly or the teachers inability to fully explain in context what students need in their project, I still believe it is best to have teacher-designed summer projects. Although some believe it is best for students to design their projects, actually having teachers design projects is better.