When asking for advice do you just ask one person and just go with whatever they say? Gathering more than one opinion can give you a thought process of a large variety of options. Seeking different perspectives can help you by seeing what the major number of people would do or say when asked for advice. While they are making decisions they can cause problems which then they cannot come up with a solution to fix which is why they come for advice. Usually when people ask for advice they want to know what different actions that would be a better choice to take.

Advice given usually vary because of such things like race, ethnicity, lifestyle, and many more other things that make people different therefore give different answers depending on how they see the question as. While asking for advice it is more recommended to ask many people because they can all give answers that can be very helpful to get you to have a different thinking process and make different decisions. While asking for advice the amount of people asked can be helpful or even confusing whether they give good advice and you don't know which you should take or advice given is bad and you are left unsure of what decisions to make. Advice given can either be taken or ignored, depending on the situation advice can be ignored of the person who asked thinks it is a bad idea. When a person asks for advice it can be something small like recommended shows or it can be something very serious that can heavily impact their lives.

While people are looking for advice and seek different opinions they ask for an opinion to help them make up decisions. Depending on what they are asking advice for multiple opinions can be very helpful. Having multiple opinions on a topic can lead to them having multiple choices that they would be able to take. With a variety of options they can also try to go over all advice given to choose the best one. When asking for advice there may even be a conversation debating different options that are able to be taken.

When given advice people would usually say which options they would take and those give you an idea. While going over the idea if you have some people you could take to or even just one singular person it could help them by telling them the idea the person who gave the advice had and debate over it whether it's good enough to choose. While going over other ideas as well you could vote which one seems more suited and the best option to take. Once the best option is chosen from all the other options you could have a final decision to take into action that can help you and affect you positively.

When asking people for advice you should usually ask a variety of people who'd have different perspectives on a topic for more of a larger amount of options, seeking more options to take can be useful to choose a better decision between all of them if you cannot come up with one that seems good enough.