We need to find other ways to limit car usage. We should stop relying on cars so much. In "

Car-Free Cities"

it expains and provides examples of people not using the car that much is happier in there life and that we dont need to have cars because you can be more active walking and riding a bike then just driving and when you stop using the car so much you can have a better enviroment. We all have a choice weither or not to use cars but not using a car can makes your life better.

We all have our perfrences, like maybe you just like to use a car because it gets you from point A to B faster but walking or riding a bike can help you become more fit and active. In "

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

" by Elisabeth Rosenthal it states that " "when I had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter... as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering childerm drown out the occasional distant motor". this quote explains how when she gave up her car she seemed much happier and she didn't have to hear the sound of cars, all she could hear is bicycle wheel's turning and just the laughter of children. In "

The End of Car Culture"

it says " They organize thier summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends." this quote is explaining how teens don't use cars that much they think of other ways to get around then just using their own car. They are trying to be more active in their life life then just using cars for transportation. They walk or car-pool they think of smarter ways to get around.

Although, we may think that oh it is faster but do you know what you are doing to the enviroment due to using cars as much as we do? In "

Paris Bans Driving Due To Smog

" it tells the reader " After days of near-record- pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city" This quote is illustrating to us that people are driving so much that they had to ban cars and not permit anyone to drive due to , to much air poulltion. People need to start walking more then use cars a city should'nt be able to ban cars because that means people are using them to much and poullting the air with that. In "

The End of Car Culture"

it claims that "it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's eissions, just behind power plants." this quote explains to us is that if less people use cars , the more beneficial it would be to the enviroment. It would help us to stop poullting air  and just help the nviroment out as well.

In conclusion, if people could limit the usage of cars it would beneficially help us out by us being more active and not using cars because it pollutes air and destroys the enviroment. Their are other ways to move about then cars. i know it is faster and easier but is it worth losing the enviroment because you didnt want to walk a short distance and back?    