This is the era of communication and information. Humanity has come a long way since the days of seashell horns and cave art; today is the day of cell phones and the Internet. It was once a burden to signal people from a mile away and record simple events. Now the average person can chat with someone on the opposite side of the world while downloading a dozens of Shakespeare plays. In this era where these grand feats of communication and information are attainable at the press of a button, it's seems strange for schools to still be physical facilities rather than virtual sites; however, there are many reason why physical schools are still the basis of education. While technology has, without a doubt, brought many improvements to the education system, its use in education comes with many difficulties. Student would not be able to benefit from attending classes at home because using technology can comes with many problems, student need hand-on learning, and student would lose some benefit of attend schools.

Student would not benefit from attending class from home because technology comes with many problems. The first problem is how to operate it. Of the millions of people who benefit from the use of technology, only a small percentage truly understand how it works. The average person knows how to make a phone call or look up something on the internet, but they often have difficulties customizing their settings. For students who didn't grow up in a technology rich environment, learning online will make their education more difficult. The second problem is technology's questionable dependability. Sometimes devices don't function as they should. Many things could happen to cause a student to miss a conference or be unable to access sources. Things like empty batteries, unexpected updates, weak connections, etc. In addition, devices become less effective over time, or are made obsolete by more complex creations. A computer is considered outdated two years after its made, so students would either have to bare using an outdated computer that may not be compatible with certain programs or they'd have to obtain a new computer every two years. That is relate the the third problem with technology: expense. Devices aren't cheap. Whether it's the students, the school, or the county, someone will have to pay for the devices. Many families wouldn't be able to afford paying for a laptop. From the school's or county's perspective, purchasing a laptop or tablet for that many student would be a daunting tasks.

Student would not benefit from attending class from home because they would not receive hands-on learning. Each student learn in their own way. For some, a presentation of the unit make everything clear. For some, thorough lecture is easiest to comprehend. For other, using their hand or body is the only way for them to learn. Some teacher frequently use gestures to help theses types of learners. It is difficult to incorporate hands-on learning into online courses since certain items at school can't be provide to each student, or video conference aren't available. In fact, some courses, such as Autotech and PE, can't be taught remotely. Even some courses that are commonly taught online are unable to include some actives that can only be preform at school: like chemical experiments and live physics demonstrations.

Student would not benefit from attending class from home because they'd loss access to some benefits of attending school. The most widely apparent problem with remote schooling is student inability to benefit from school lunches. School lunches are the only hot meal a day for millions of children. Schools are also a safe zone for many children with rough domestic lives. In addition, school provide a form of free childcare. Relieving parents of the burden of hiring childcare. This can be expensive and strenuous for parents. Another huge benefit of schools is student access to a counselor. Counselor often have vital roles in a students development, and will help guide them to a bright future.

Supporter of attending classes from home may point out how it is more environmental due to reduce use of paper and transportation. They also might mention how student would feel more comfortable learning at home. There's no denying that ecological improvement remote courses would cause; however, the more comfortable students feel at home, they will be equally more distracted. The benefit of classes taught in school outweigh remote learning due to technological problems, the need for hands-on learning, and the many benefits provided by a school building. Students should be receive schooling inside schools. 