The driverless car is the way of the future. It's a great invention that, with time, could eliminate the hassle of having to drive everywhere yourself. Regular cars would become useless when cars could drive themselves. The driverless car is a great invention and development should be supported in the future.

A car that could drive itself would be magnificent. The self driving car could half the fuel of taxis and save people money. Humans would be relatively safe in a self driving car as well. Google has had driverless cars drive for over half a million miles without any incident. The cars are so fabulous that they alert the driver when entering and exiting driveways in order to have maximum safety and minimal crashes.

The driverless car does have some negative aspects as well. The car cannot completely drive by itself and still needs a driver at the wheel at all times. The driver is needed to assist the car in navigating through difficult traffic situations such as a wreck or a road under construction. The cars can only steer, brake, and accelerate by themselves without having a driver involved. People also argue that the cars could also be dangerous. A car that drives manually is frightening for many people who still want to control how fast or how slow their car is going. Putting trust into a car that could possibly wreck is nerve-wracking for many people.

Even though the self driving car does still need a driver, that doesn't mean the driver actually has to manually brake or accelerate. The car does this on its own without human support. All the driver has to do is help the car navigate through complex traffic problems, which are not an everyday occurance. The driver would rarely have to take manual control of the vehicle. The driverless car is a pinnacle of safety that would keep the drivers safe despite the self driving aspect. The cars have an advanced sensor that would respond to driving accidents far better than a human could. If their was a train that was accelarating faster than a cheetah, the self driving car would respond by braking sooner and quicker than the average human ever could.

The driverless car is an advanced technology that would protect drivers and safely get them to their destination. Their is no need to fear these vehicles, the reason being that they have a faster reaction speed than humans could ever develop. The future will be awfully bright when these cars get on the road and drive themselves. Driverless cars are a great invention and should have a supported development in the future.