No,I don't think that student should be attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home. They are not going to be able to received the same education as the other student who attend classes in school. The student can cheat on anything because online or video conferencing the teacher no idea what's behind the computer and around the student because of all the blind spot's.

The student have 100% chances of cheating on test,quiz,benchmark,and etc. This can also effect the student lifestyle. when you have actual school you have a scadual for the day like what time you get up, get ready,go to school on time, ans they also have a scadual in the school for there classes. This can also effect the school district because if student start taking classes online there's gonna be less student who are gonna attend actual school.

This can also effect the student way of communicate with other's. This can effect the student mentality and way's of thinking. In school you make friends and talk to different races people but if you take online classes you have no one to talk to except your teacher. The student have no idea how in the future how to work in groups and be communicated.

There is another issue due to this problem is that the parent's have to pay for online classes. This can cost each class up to 1000$ a month. Its not the worth of money because you really don't know if your child is learning or not. The teacher might not having interest in your child development of study and you have no idea who the teacher is and If she/he can really teach your child.

That's why I think that student's shouldn't be attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. The student should attend the school and learn the way the most student's learn. This help them be more communicative and teach them working with other people. They learn from each other in school than in individual study's at school. they also learn about competition between them and other students and do there best to be better than each other.