Long distance learning: An option that some schools offer, as an alternative to an in school classsroom environment. While most would think having an in school education is more benifital, having a schooling option that you can take at your own pase and in a comfortable evironment is more benefitial to a student. At home schoooling provides many comodities that an on campus school would not, allowing a student to have a better, more well rounded education.

While being on campus with a teacher for schooling can help with in person learning, most students will not get the one-on-one support needed to fully understand the curiculum. This is when distant, or online, schooling becomes helpful. Student have the oportunity to get the help they need for their teacher, without having the interuptions of a classroom environment, that can distract teachers and students. Most teachers do not have time to individual explain the lession to each student, so distance learning is an chance for a student to expirence this.

In schoool learing allows students to have structured time where they, each day, have certin time devoted to certian classses. While this may help students who need to have time planned out for each class to work, this does not benefit students who are struggling in one more than another. For example, a student might not struggle in english, but they do in math. And with the structured times of classes a student might not fully understand the lesson in a class period, causing them to struggle. But with online learing, classes can be taken at the students pase. So, if a student is struggling in math and not english, they can devote more of their time on a math lesson. They can even extend it if needed.

Learning inside a classroom means that the teacher is teaching on average about 28 students a class period. This mean that a teacher in not able to cater to each students individual learining style. But with an online classroom/ school setting students can have the oportunity to be taught in ther individual learning style. This may be through visual, audio, or textile learning. All of these can be used as an individual learnign styles in a one-on-one setting in an online environment. For examplpe, if a student is in a classroom and the majority of the students learn through visual examples, that is what the teacher will use. But the minority of the class may learn through texitle, meaning that they are not getting the full support and comprehension of what they are learing. But in an online stetting, the full lesson would be based around a students individual learing style so that they can get the most comprehension out of each leassion and gain the most of their educationl expirence.

The question of if students could benefit from online schooling is a simple one to answer. With online schooling, student have the opportunity to learn at their own pase and with their own learning style. Unlike in a class room on campus environment where studend learn in a group setting, all at one pase, and with one learning style. With learning online students can get personal and individualized education that can benifit them further in life. Students who do distant learing, whether that be online oor by video conferencing, have a more benificial education there their peers who have an on campus, in school education.                      