When people ask for advice, they usually ask more than one person. When you are stuck in a tough situation you normally ask for help. Seeking multiple opinions can provide you with an endless amounts of good or bad options. Asking for advice from family members or even friends can help you start to come up with ideas that work for you. Seeking multiple opinions for advice is helpful, for you get different points of views, see what works best for you, and keeps your brain active.

First off, asking a variety of people for advice can give you different points of views. Have you ever been stuck in a situation where you can't make up your mind? I have, at the time I couldn't decide on what to do for my school science fair project so I immediately went to go ask some friends. Doing this gave me an assortment of different ideas. When asking around for ideas I had got to see every ones point of view on how they saw the project going. Them telling me what sounded like good ideas made me see from their side of the story.

Additionally, seeking advice from a large amount of people can help you notice what works best for you. If you were to do a project, would you do something that you could not do? Getting advice from people helps you see what works best for you. Iv'e noticed that when people do something they are not good at they tend to quite before they even start. Since you are getting advice not all of them are going to apply to you, so choose what does apply to you.

Finally, getting advice from multiple peoples opinions keeps your brain active. Your brain works through all the ideas you have been given and maybe you have made a few of your own during the process. The human brain is constantly active but seeking advice from a variety of people and then including your own; really gives our brain a challenge. All these ideas we have gotten helps our brain to come up with our own ideas for our selves.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions from others is helpful. Doing all these things helps use see what our own potential is for ourselves. Many people are out int he world to help use come up with ideas such as teaches. These are some of the reasons why seeking multiple opinions are helpful.