Many students everyday struggle to find the motivation to get out of bed and go to school. But, what if there was a way for students to receive the education they need, while still in the comfort of their home. Some schools are now offering distant learning so students can attend class at home. Distant learning is a great option to offer because it fits into the students schedule, it is more comfortable, and there is no transportation needed.

For both college and high school students, timing is everything. As an employed junior in high school I can understand the struggles of simply running out of time due to school. Many students have other events to attend such as practice for a sport, a club, volunteer work, and other time consuming activities. It can be hard to fit these things into one's schedule after an eight to ten hour school day. For this reason, distant learning is a great option. It allows students to work at their own pace and still have time to do other activities. For many students it can be hard to balance life and getting their education all at once. For example, my mother was a college student and was still able to balance having four kids, going to work eight hour shifts, an earning her bachelors degree all thanks to distant learning. Being unable to attend day-time classes can be a struggle, but because of online school busy students are not excluded from learning.

Many students battle personal issues day to day and struggle to still get up the next morning to go to school. Being in an unfamiliar environment every day for hours can be uncomfortable and make one anxious. For example, a friend of mine struggled with social anxiety. This mental issue caused her to have days where she would not go to school because her anxiety held her back like a boulder on a sheet of paper. This resulted in her not knowing information and consequently receiving low grades. If she had the option of distant learning it would have helped her to be able to learn while still overcoming her anxiety all in her own comfort. Unfortunately, many students world wide are bullied. Bullying causes them to not want to come to school and makes them constantly uncomfortable when they are in school. For this reason, distant learning would be beneficial. Students can still learn while comfortable and safe in their own home.

Most high school students take the school bus as everyday transportation. But, some days students oversleep and for that reason they miss the bus and are unable to get to school to learn. For example, a friend of mine has to be at his bus stop at six in the morning. The days he misses the bus are the days he is unable to get his education. Transportation tends to be a barrier when it comes to being able to learn everyday. Having access online can allow students to still be educated without being physically present. Some college students have particular colleges they would like to attend, but are unable to because of the distance. There are many people who drive hours a day to learn and sometimes are tardy or miss the class. Having distant learning as an option can benefit many students who simply can not be physically present everyday.

Yes, being physically present is important and may have social benefits; however, having class at ones fingertips can be very beneficial. Students will not be excluded from learning because they were late, did not complete an assignment in a timely manner, or were uncomfortable in school. Having distant learning as an option can benefit many future graduates by allowing them to learn even through everyday struggles.