Schools are now offering a variety of options for students to get their education and using technology to improve learning experiences. A common schooling technique are online classes and video conferences. Online classes and video conferences with teachers allow students to become responsible which will be beneficial in the future. Without having to attend school physically, students are now able to learn outside the classroom by gaining real world experience with what's around. Lastly, enrolling in online school allows students to have time to rejuvenate their body and mind.

Attending online classes give students the freedom and responsibility of taking their classes seriously. The students have to work around their classes and figure out what works best for them. For example, student athletes that are traveling, online school would be the best option. This allows the student athlete to still keep up with their academic career and provide the opportunity to take their sport to a more serious level. Students that are enrolled in online school have the ability to create their own routine and work around their activities. They must figure out what works best for them; including absorbing their learning material and managing their time wisely. Thomas Jefferson believed that if a task could be done today, do not put it off until tomorrow. This is an ideal that students that choose to take online school must keep in mind. Students taking online classes are now becoming emerged in responsibility, which will benefit the students later on in the future.

Students who attend school in person are used to routine and structured lessons. However, students that have the ability to take online classes can learn outside the classroom and experiences. Students that take online school have the opportunity to travel, meet new people, volunteer, take internships, or gain real work experience. Working with people is a life long skill that is necessary, the more a young adult experiences, the better they'll be in a position to get a future job. Online school allows students to become more aware of the world around them, what is going on in their community and getting involved. For example, if a student wanted to go into politics when they were older, getting an internship at the local governors office would give you a glimpse of that career. By continuing your academic career online, students now have the chance to gain real world experience which allows them to be more prepared for the future.

Some would argue that online school is not good for a students health, that they would become isolated and develop social anxiety. Although that might be the case for some, majority of students actually do well with online school due to down time. Students that attend school in person are constantly competing with one another for the best grades and highest class rank. However, students that attend online school do not have anyone else to compare to, they do their work, study, and try their best. Being out of a strict in school routine allows online class students to create a time to just focus on themselves and what's around them. As Thoreau believed, doing nothing is necessary. Doing nothing connects you to nature, healing the body and mind. Relaxing is necessary for growth, during the romantics era, people would move far away from the cities to get a glimpse of nature and serenity. Sue Monk Kidd is an author that is inspired by Thoreau's words, she was skeptical of his sayings at first. However, she too believed that doing nothing was key to success. Online school allows students to take time off. The creativity to comes back and once again, your body and mind are refreshed.

Schools that provide online classes are giving students a variety of healthy options that work best for them. Students that enroll in online school have the opportunity to increase their responsibility, gain real life experience, and provide the students with down time. These students must create their own routine, manage their time, and be responsible with their work. Skills that a student may contain can be amplified when gaining job, volunteer, or communication experience. Becoming more involved can make young adults more prepared for the work field. Relaxing becomes necessary when life moves too fast; students need time to process and refresh the body and mind. 