Advice is usually used when a person needs help choosing something or wants to know what they need to do next. I think that seeking multiple opinions help but not at all times, what if someone ask what dress should I wear and one person says "the pink one" and the other person says "they yellow one." Asking for multiple people's opinions helps because if he or she is stuck in a complicated situation, others could help them out by providing their opinion. The more opinions that person gets, the better the choices he or she makes, the less opinions the more harder it is to make up the decisions. Someones opinion is not always what he or she would like to hear or maybe its a great opinion that that person loved but its all about what their asking, when people give others their opinion it more than likely for a good cause, or to help them out.

Some people's advice or opinions could be the exact opposite of what that person was asking, but thats because its their opinion they could say whatever they like. Thats why talking to more than one person is a great idea, because the more opinions that are received the more better choices. For example, go around and ask people what shoes do they like, then one person comes up and says "ew those are ugly" it may not be a nice opinion but its what they think. Sometimes their answers may be offensive to them, but it depends on what they are asking but that person will have to get used to the fact that not everyone is going to agree. Everybody is most likely all going to have a different answer, it can't all be the same because not everyone thinks alike. A wise person once told me "great minds think alike" to me that means smart, rich, poor, or dumb anyone could have a smart mind and think completely different.

Opinions are called opinions for a reason, because it doesnt matter what they say because its not true, a fact is true because its proven and opinion isn't. However it could sound brilliant to that person but not be the answer to what they are asking. Having multiple opinions help he or she make better choices because it allows them to try new things and explore what others tell them. Possibly if they take others advice it will cause them to have a more likely chance at doing bigger and better things in life. If we didnt ask for any ones advice or anything we'd all probably be stuck on what to do next. Everyone is different and has different opinions and ideas, but its still a good thing to ask others what they think every once in a while.

One persons yes could be another persons no, but no matter what anyone else thinks you should always do what best. At times he or she can't always help themselves, so every now and then they should ask for help and help others also. Making better choices is the main point, and it happens by exploring and asking questions about the world, people should ask themselves questions to get where they want to be in life. Nothing will ever happen if they are scared to talk, " a closed mouth never gets fed" to me that quote means speak up and dont sit quiet, let the world hear you!