A student is late for class because there was an accident on her street. She would have been on time if she took the class online. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes online in their homes. Online courses would benefit students because they are less likely to be late or miss classes, they will have more free time and take more classes, and because students with physical disabilities wouldn't have to try and navigate the halls and campus of the school.

Students are more likely to be on time to classes if they take them online. Everyone has their own life and sometimes they can't help it if they are late to class. They could be driving on the road to get to class when suddenly, they hit traffic and miss the class entirely. If they take the class online they don't have to worry about the travel time. They just need to worry about having a Wifi connection and a device that they can attend the online class with. In the time it takes a student to drive to their class they could have taken another class.

Moreover, Students are more likely to attend more classes if they take them online. If students take online courses they can take classes one right after the other. Now, the students have more time in their schedule. As a result, they can take their classes in a shorter time frame, and have more time to take other classes. Say for example a person normally takes Math, Science, History, and English classes in a day. If he takes them online he can also fit in a music class.

The main and most prominent reason to have an online option is to help the physically disabled. Most often college, high schools, and middle schools are not fully equipped with the necessary tools to help people with their disabilities. There aren't as many ramps as there are stairs in most schools. It would help so many people who are in the hospital with illnesses and injuries still be able to learn. Sometimes people can be in the hospital for months at a time and there is a lot of valuable information that they are missing. It would help tremendously if people with disabilities could still be able to learn and not have to go through the trouble of having to get to school.

Although, some people may say it would make students more lazy, it would most likely have the opposite affect. One of the main reasons people hate going to school is because they have to leave their comfortable bed. With online classes they don't have to get out. Online Courses would benefit students by helping them show up on time to their classes, help them have a way to take more classes, and it would help the students with physical disabilities have an easier time getting their education.