Is Learning From Home More Beneficial Than Learning From School?

All students cannot flourish in a classroom environment. Students may feel overstimulated due to how much noise can be in a classroom or feel left out because they are not getting the one on one help needed from the teacher. Students may not have gotten enough sleep the night before or they are just not comfortable in that environment. Whatever the case may be, it is holding that student back from being great. Giving students the opportunity to learn from the comfort of their own home can change all of this. The student can flourish and become the intelligent and amazing being that they have the ability to become.

One reason why students should take online classes or attend classes from home is due to the fact that they will be more comfortable doing so. Who wouldn't want to be on their couch or their bed eating a snack while completing your work? In addition, students will also have the ability to decompress and then come back to work feeling rejuvenated and ready to finish the task at hand. Students cannot do that in the classroom which can lead to them being overstimulated which will lead to the student giving up. Also, there are plenty of students who aren't comfortable in their learning environment and this definitely leads to the drop of grades, the student can become very anxious and lose focus in class, which can lead to them feeling as if they do not belong. There have been a numerous amount of times where a student would feel like he or she did not belong and ended up failing a test they had that day and not completing assignments because they don't feel comfortable in their environment. Being comfortable, especially in a classroom is everything to a student so if they don't have that then they cannot learn.

Another reason why students cannot excel in a classroom like they should is due to the amount of judgment that can be in one room. Students that feel as if they are being judged tend to worry about other things rather than what is on the paper or computer. This leads them to worry about how their hair or their outfit looks which can lead to them missing valuable information that would be needed on a test or could just put them behind in the class. If a student does not feel like they cannot be their true selves then they will not be able to gain the knowledge they need in order to be successful. Learning from home could definitely change this. If a student learns from home then they will be in a judgment free environment and will have the freedom to learn and soak in the knowledge needed without having to worry if another student is talking about the shoes or clothes he or she has on.

The last reason why attending classes from home will benefit students is the fact that they can be well rested and ready to get their work done. Students won't have to feel rushed to get up and catch the bus and end up not bringing an important asset needed for the day. They can take their time, eat, and get ready to finish the work that needs to be done. If a student is rushed they can feel grumpy due to the fact that they did not eat and that can influence their outlook on the entire day.

Some would argue that learning from home would not benefit a student at all due to the fact that they would have many distractions such as television and video games but those things that some would consider a distraction can actually help the student. For example, if a student takes a 30 minute break and plays the game during that time, their stress levels can go down and they can feel better and more ready to work than before. Same with watching television for 30 minutes, it can be a stress reliever for that student.

Learning from home gives the student everything they need in order to be the great learner they can. Students will have the ability to flourish and prosper, an ability not all students can have given some circumstances of a classroom. They will have the freedom to be the best student possible. With that being said, the reasons stated above are why I believe that students can definitely benefit from attending classes from the comfort of their home.                                                            