Students and teachers have important roles in their life. The students need to pass the class in order to graduate and the teacher gets paid for doing his/her job. As long as the kids are not failing teacher has the job it is very key that students and teachers should be having good relationship. If the student ever needs help he or she can feel comfortable talking to the teacher and the teacher should be helping the students. If they need it because they can loose their job.

Lets say if the students decide to design the project there own. The only problem with that its going to be to easy for them. Also it wont challenge them so there brain will not learn anything and it will be useless. If it was a group project most of the kids would go with the smart people so they can finish it. And not worry about it and some of the lazy kids will cheat on the projects. If i was the parents i would tell them do it yourself and learn how to finish the project the right way and get a good grade.

Having the teacher design the project is way smarter. They will know what kind of project to create. And also if this was a group project it will be smart for the teacher to put some kids in the group because then the teacher can decide how many points it can be. And how long they have to finish plus the students dont do anything in there break myself being a student i can relate to that. But they have to learn something so when they do start school they will be one step of ahead of everyone. My personal opinion is that i probably wont do the assignment during break right away but i will finish before it ends whenever i have the time.

At the end of the day both teachers and students are trying to help each other out. And i think its more productive the teacher designs the project because when the teacher grades them or goes over them teacher can give feedback. Thats very important see what parts you did wrong or where you did good at. Having feedback can help you a lot but staying with the teacher to design the project is the best idea. Because the students can learn more and get more information on there project. And they will get good grades on them and it should be required to have teachers designing projects for the students.