We all like our free time, right? You would probably be quite upset if you lost a sizable chunk of it. Well, that thought is becoming a striking reality as one of the principal's newest rules seeks to take that exactly that away from us students. He has decided that all students must participate in at least one after-school activity, be it sports, a club, or the council. But this decision is a horrible one! This is an attack on our free time, and should be stopped before it can take root. An idea such as this could have serious consequences on everyone it affects. For example, it hurts our freedom and schedules harshly, it attacks our precious family bonds, and it could even raise crime rates!

Freedom is a very important part of our country. At many points in history, we have fought for it, and not just for our's, but for other country's freedom's as well. It has defined us ever since we gained our own, so why do children get theirs attacked by schools? Schools already limit free time by about six hours, for five days a week. But now the principal is trying to take that number even higher! Students need their free time, it's important to do homework, review what they've learned, or just unwind. But not all of us already have that luxury. Many students already have things to do right after school, like a non-school sports team, an instrument, or some kind of appointment or job that they do. If they have to do something for the school instead of doing what they have planned, it could hurt their motivations and dreams.

Family is undoubtedly one of the most important things in anyone's lives. They raise us from babies, teach us morals and manners, and support us, even when we're old. The bonds that hold a family together are irreplaceable and therefore, very valuable. That is why it is critical to reinforce these bonds, and not weaken them, yet the new school decree may do just that. One of the best ways to bond is to spend time together. But not spending time with each other may have the opposite effect, in weakening bonds. If an already weakened bond is stretched too thin, it may snap, leaving the bond's holders feeling unwanted in the other's company. The principal's ruling could harshly affect your family, and if it's at a bad time, permanently damage it.

Crime, a thing every non-criminal dislikes. There are many kinds, but are all committed by humans who have chosen to ignore the laws. But healthy adults usually don't randomly become criminals for no reason. Crime breaking as an adult usually evolves from rule breaking as a child or some other kind of influence or trauma. If a child sees a rule as pointless, there is a very high chance for them to ignore it completely, and this can rapidly advance to them breaking lots of rules. A rule that could seem very pointless or unimportant is the new one, about extra-curricular activities. If a child starts not showing up for after school things, in the child's mind it could easily transition to not going to school for days, or even weeks! That is why rules are usually made with careful thought so they are important, and not easily shrugged off that they are pointless or not worth following. This new rule could have an unforeseen consequence of creating more rule breakers, and therefore, possible criminals.

School rules are important. They stop us from running wild and doing whatever we want not reprimanded. But when a rule affects a child adversely in many different ways, it is usually best that the rule is revoked, or at least given more thought. Rules that limit freedom are a tense subject, as at what point does it become too many limits? Limiting freedom in school is accepted and understandable, but when school ends, it should be up to us or our parents to decide what we do, not the school. For parents, this could cause a lot of stress, as it can interfere with lots of schedules. For example, a child could come home after school to watch his baby sibling, or do some kind of important chore. But now, parents have to fit their schedules around this new ordinance, and that is unfair to both the parents and the children it affects. Rules in general are very important. They are what keeps our society together, and stops people from doing just whatever they want. But this new school rule is a bad idea. It not only limits our freedom, it could hurt our family bonds, and could even eventually create criminals.