The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" does not do a good job of supporting their idea. The author believes that, while Venus is dangerous it is worthy of spending time and money to explore this planet. The author mentions the similaities between earth and venus, makes exploring this planet so fascinating. The author later goes on to explain how NASA would travel and explore Venus, and what tools they would use to explore Venus. How NASA would travel to Venus is irrevalate to if Venus is worth exploring. Because, the author spends a majority of their time telling us how, NASA would learn more about Venus. Is not needed to prove and explain why exploring Venus is nessacary.

The author spends three of their six body paragraphs explaining how NASA would explore the planet of Venus. In paragraph 6 they explain that sending an orbiting ship around the planet will provide limited insight of the ground below ,and the only way to gain more knowledge is to be able to collect rock and gas samples. The author never states what we could possiable learn from the rock samples, or even elbrates on the idea of collecting a varity of samples from the planet. They later spend paragraph 7 explaining the history of computers and how much computes have progressed since 1800. They even explain the mechainics of computers during the World War II for example, "these devices make calculations by using gear and levers and do not require electronics at all." The mechainics of computers has nothing to do with the idea that we should be exploring NASA. The infomation provided in paragraph 5 through 7, such as the history and mechanics of computers. The little infomation given on how a rock sampple will help us learn about Venus, or that NASA isn't able to gain enough infomation from sending a hovering ship about the planet, do not help or support the authors claim that Venus is worthy of exploring despite the dangers.

To summorize, the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus"

does not do a good job of explaining the why Venus is worthy is studying and exploring, despite the dangers. The author spends to much time explaining computers, the history and the mechainics of them, and what we could learn about Venus through computers. They also use their time to tell their readers that sending an orbiting ship around plant won't provided us with enough infomation, and to explain how they would explore Venus and the tools they would use. The author did a poor job of explaining the importance of exploring Venus despite the dangers.      