Phones and Driving

Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Driving while having a cellular device in the hand of anyone is a bad idea. It can cause someone, including yourself to lose your life, it can cost you, and it sets a bad example for children.

Using your phone while driving can cause yourself and others to lose your life. In the passage "7 Reasons To Stop Texting And Driving. Is any text really more valuable than a life?" by Gabi Levey it states how "innocent people; young children, friends in your car, pedestrians, and fellow drivers, did absolutely nothing wrong and are forced to have their lives at risk solely due to a poor decision that you made"(2). Which means that one person's life can be taken away from them even though they have not done anything all because another person decides to pick up their phone. It also states in that same passage how the "simple action of "answering a quick text" or even glancing at a text, means that you are selfishly putting other people's lives in danger"(Levey 2). Which also means that even one little answer to a text can cause someone to lose their life or almost lose their life because people want to be selfish and answer a message that can wait. Due to others wanting to be selfish can cause one or themselves to lose their life.

Another reason why people should not be able to use their phones while driving is because it could cost you. In the passage "7 Reasons To Top Texting And Driving" by Gabi Levey it states how "fines and punishments for texting and driving range greatly depending on the state that you live in; for some states, the fine is merely $20, however, in others, it can be up to $500"(8). Which means that if someone were to get caught using their phone while driving, they would have to pay at least twenty dollars or even five hundred dollars for their fine. It also states in that same passage that "if the action of texting and driving ends in injuring any other individuals, you can actually end up in jail, depending on the severity of the injury"(Levey 8). Which means that if someone were to get caught texting and driving will possibly go to jail. Any action that a person decides to do with their phone while driving will cost them.

The last reason why people should not text and drive is because it sets a bad example for children. In the passage "7 Reasons To Top Texting And Driving" by Gabi Levey it states how "portraying to them that it is okay to text and drive is only going to lead to them making the mistake and risking their lives in the future"(7). Which means that if a person is texting while driving around that child then they're going to think it's ok so they are going to want to do it. It also says in that same passage that texting and driving "portrays an awful example to them!

Children pick up on a lot more than we think they do"(Levey 7). In that case we should always set good examples around children due to the fact that they pick up on almost everything we do and we don't want for them to pick that up as a bad habit.

In conclusion, we as humans should not text and drive at all. We should be able to go at least thirty minutes without a cell phone. We should also realize that we are putting ourselves and others in danger, it can cost us, and it sets a bad example for children.

Works cited

Levey, Gabi. "7 Reasons To Stop Texting And Driving." The Odyssey Online, The Odyssey Online, 14 Sept. 2017, https://www. theodysseyonline. com/7-reasons-not-to-text-and-drive.         