Florida Senators,

The Electoral College is an unfair process. With multiple presidents winning the popular vote and losing their presidency, it is nondemocratic. Myself, along with many other people across the state, believe that elections should be based on popular vote rather than the decisions of 538 electors. Although the Electoral College has its advantages, I believe that a majority vote by the people of the United States would be more accurate as well as fair.

The Electoral College is a winner-takes-all system, meaning that candidates spend lots of time campaigning in the "swing" states rather than others. In 2000, seventeen states didn't even get to see the candidates. This means that almost 34% of voters didn't get a real feel for who they will be casting their votes for. Even though presidents should focus their time on big states with larger populations, it is unfair to the smaller states who don't get any visits from their candidates.

With the Electoral College system, voters vote for a slate of electors, rather than the presidents themselves. This means that when you cast your vote for Barack Obama ,for example, you are not voting for him. you are actually voting for a certain number of electors who contribute to the candidate's electoral votes. Electors can be anyone not in public office and they are usually chosen by the state. This is a corrupt system because the electors could be anyone, and change their ideas to not reflect the views of the people. In 1960, Louisiana legislature segregationists almost replaced all of the Democratic electors electors with new Kennedy-opposing electors. The errors and problems in this system could be much greater, and goverment officials must be monitoring it at all times.

In the event of an Electoral College tie, the president election decision would be given to the House of Representatives, and the vice-president decision to the Senate. This doesn't seem too terribly bad, but one representative from Wyoming would be representing 500,000 voters, and would have as much say as the 55 representatives representing 35 million people inhabiting California. This is not fair because of the widespread views of people in each state. There cannot be one candidate that the whole state agrees on, as people's ideas differ across the states.

There are many reasons to keep, as well as dispose of the Electoral College. The negatives outweigh the positives and a popular vote would be more democratic. We are supposed to be a democracy, and democracies thrive on the views of the people instead of electors.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    