If you're principal decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity how would you feel? You might have the same opinion as me or you're opinion might be a little different then mine. Here are my thoughts about how all students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I would disagree because students may not have enough time, their parents might not be able or have time to pick them up, and they may not enjoy being around other people.

My first reason is students will not have enough time after school. They might have to go with their parents and pick their siblings up. The students may be involved with something outside of school like a youth group or they may volunteer somewhere. They could play travel ball or even their siblings might. When the students get home after school they most likely have a lot of homework to do and chores to finish.

The second reason is their would be no provided transportation. Their parents may not get off of work in time to pick their child up from school. Maybe even their boss told them they can't leave their job early. The students parent just simply may be working that that day or week. The only possible way the student can get home is by riding the bus, because there is no provided transportation for after school activity's.

My last reason is that some students don't like being around one another. They might not like socializing because they have anxiety. Kids may bully them and are rude to them. The student might be really shy and not have the confidence to talk to people and make new friends. The student's may not get along with each other because something happened between them.

Those three reasons are why I disagree. The student's should always have a choice on what they want to do. Even if you don't like any of the activity's that they provide. That choice that you choice choose should never be forced. You as a person should always have a say so, and you should never be forced to do anything that you don't want to do.