Dear Mr. Senator,

It has caught my attention that " The Electoral College" may not be the best suit voting system for our nation. The people expect a Democracy were every single vote counts. Unfortunetly that right is being stripped away, for the goverments own good. We go to vote for a fellow canadite, not a slate of electors. Electors in which are not guarenteed to to vote for your desired canidate. The states seem to over look the fact 60% of voters would perfer a direct election to the kind they have now.

Under the electoral college system, we the voters do not vote for president we vote for the electors,based on popular vote we choose the electors that repersent our state, that elect the president for us. The people involoved in the elections are those with political preferences, and it is not fair to strip them of there right to vote directly for the leader of the free world. For example many men and women follow the election when it comes time every four years, to see who is going to be the best head of house, he best comander and cheif, and the best leader of our country. The president should be a person the people respect and trust with everything they have. But unforutnetly the Electoral College does the deciding for us, all the devotion of politics and reaserch for our favorite candidates goes to waste.

In additon the next vaild argument against the electoral college is what many may call the disastor factor. Consider the fact that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors who could always defy the will of the people. For example in the 1960's the Loisiana legislature almost succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors that oppposed John F. Kennedy. And in the same cercumstance other electors have occasionally refused to vote for there party'd candidate and vote for whom ever they please. Yet perhaps one of the most worrying things is the situation in which the electoral vote becomes a tie. In that case the election would be given to the house of representatives. In which, the state delegations vote for the president and the senate elects the vice president. Beacuse each state only cast one vote, the single represenetive of california represents 35 million people. Hardly able to reflect on the will of the people.

To conclude, the electoral college is unfair, untrustworthy, and bias. This great nation is a democracy,

the people choose

. Not the representitives of the candidates who do not always express the will of the people. I must agree with my fellow 60% of voters in there desire to iradicate the electoral college.    