Dear Senator Rick Scott,

I am writing to you today in regaurds to the Electoral College and whether or not we should continue to use it in our presidential election.

As you know, the Electoral College was established by our founding fathers when they wrote the Constitutation. They established it as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and an election by popular vote of qualified citizens. I feel that we should get rid of the Electoral College and have a direct election by qualified United States citizens.

One reason that I feel the United States should get rid of the Electoral College is because Congress can be easily swayed to vote a certain way in the election. One example of this would be because of lobbying. This process is where someone persuades a person to vote a certain way by bribing them with campaign funds or other monetary things. Where some may argue that the Congress should have a say in the election because they are chosen to be leaders in their states, I feel that because of some of the people that are allowed to be elected into Congress, the United States should leave it up to the rest of the population to elect the president.

Another reason I feel this way is that through the electoral college, the population of a state votes on an elector who in turn elects the president. This is not fair because if you are a republican, you do not want the democratic president to win the popular vote. This means that if you are in a mostly democratic state, the elector for the state that you live in will most likely choose the democratic president that you voted against just because that is what some of the other people in your state wanted. This would be the same for a democrat living in a mostly republican state.

It is because of these reasons that it is in my humble opinion that the United States should get rid of the Electoral Congress and have a direct vote of qualified citizens.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    