When someone does not know or is confused about a situation why is it not ok to ask multiple people for advice? When people ask for advice they sometimes ask multiple people instead of one. Asking multiple people for advice can be beneficial in many different ways depending on the situation. Like how Hearing about other peoples experiences and depending on the ending determines what you should or should'nt do, and lets you see stuff from different perspective to see different advantages, gives you more than one choice to choose from.

To begin with, lets you learn from other peolpes mistakes so you wont make make the same mistakes they did. If you ask someone about their experience and it ended badly then it most likely was not a good idea. But thats the good thing about asking multiple people if one had a bad idea you can always ask someone else to see if their advice was better. If they find someone that had a good outcome to their story that may be a good choice to make. But depending on the outcome you want to get ones advice can be more useful than the other.

Furthermore, maybe their situation is different from from the people they are getting advice from. Although hearing stories from different perspectives can teach you different things. Hearing how they felt about it and what they used to their advantage shows that you could use some of the same methods they used. Hearing varietys of stories starting in different places whether it be at work or home shows a different way to do something. Seeing from their perspective and not just their own helps them find advice that will work for them.

If they let one person give them advice it may help but maybe not as much as they wanted. Hearing multiple people can give you many choices on how to do something. They wont only have to do one they could have lots different choices. Studies show that people do better when they have more than one choice so they could do better when facing the problem. By letting them have more than one choice they can think about it and determine which one is the best for them.

In conclusion, people should listen to more than one person when asking for advice. They could learn from others mistakes so that they wont make the same ones. Can teach them different advantages they could use against their problem. and Give them more than one peice of advice they could use for their problem. These are advantages of listening to more than one person when asking for advice.           