Dear Florida state senator,

I argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. The Electoral College is meant to be a compromise between election of the President by a vote in congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. I argue for keeping the Electoral College because of several reasons backed up with information.

Firstly, I'd like to point out that the Electoral College makes it so that larger states don't have larger influence than smaller states. If the Electoral College is removed then larger states shall have much more political power than smaller states. Which means that a small state might not get the same amount of attention from presidential candidates as a larger state would like Florida.

Secondly, the Electoral College avoids Run-off Elections in which no Presidential candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. It avoids that problem because candidates can win Presidency by electoral votes instead of popularity vote. For example, Nixon and Clinton didn't have the majority of the popular votes, but they still won because of electoral votes. If the Electoral College hadn't exist then elections might be more frustrating for everyone, because the Electoral College makes a certainty of outcome.

Thirdly, the Electoral College makes sure that a presidential candidate has trans-regional appeal. This is good because a candidate with only regional appeal is probably not going to be a very good president. And besides without the Electoral College there would be many presidents with regional appeal wich would make other states feel left out, and this could be catastrophic to the unity of America.

In conlcusion, despite the Electoral College isn't exactly of democratic origins, it still equalizes the political power of states, makes sure that candidates have trans-regional appeal and avoids run-off elections. Overall I say that the Electoral College is very important in keeping how we choose our president balanced and smooth.                                                                                            