I believe that everyone has problems, no matter how big or how small, everyone does. I also believe that its human nature to have bias. I think when most people have a problem they go to one specific person, but that person is most likely a friend or family member who you are close to, that introduces bias. The people that you are close too probably thinks like you, or expresses similar beliefs to you. Close friends and family are likely to side with your opinions, and are also prone to agree with unchecked information and media if it comes from you, this is why I believe that it is very important to get multiple opinions. When you get multiple opinions you introduce the law of numbers. The law of numbers states that the more data that is acquire the more accurate the outcome is, when a person has varied opinions it can be easier to decipher the bias and false information than if they only have one opinion.

When I started hockey, I didnt know where to go or who to play with, but the more people I asked the more clear it became; I was stuck between trying out for the all girls travel team and the co-ed travel team. This is where I found bias. When I asked my parents they said "you should do all girls hockey because it would set you up for collage and introduce you the their style of play." While that is true they also dont want me to get hurt, so they chose what would be the more slow paced game. The more people I asked the more answers I got. Some people said that playing at a higher level would get me further; some people said to set myself up for success in collage. When more opinions where put into play, I was able to separate the bias from the truth and definitely make the better decision than if I went in with no help or information.

In the end, the better decision was only made when I asked for other peoples perspectives and points of view. When you seek multiple opinions you get varied outcomes and answers that helps you pull the truth from the bias and misinformation. This is why I know when you ask only one person, it is harder to pull apart misinformation and bias than when you ask multiple people and get varied outlooks.