If we only ask one person what his or her opinion is on something then you won't see the whole picture and this may lead to mistakes and embarasment. These things happen but can be avoided if you just ask "what do you think" to multiple people, enough that you can produce an answere that has the best results. We as humans are not perfect so we need to have good skills and knowlege before action is taken, and viewing the opinion of others is a great way of understanding.

It's always importent to seek multiple views so you can get all the pros and cons of them, which can help you make a decision with the most advantage. It can widen what you know on the subject leading to more information on which you can use to answere other questions. If you're unsure, asking others for their opinion can help clear up confusion if not much is known on your subject, helping you understand and make an accurate view or opinion. Imagin two kids got in a fight over who is the best rock and roll band, in this situation you would decide the winner, so you would listen to both sides and off the information choose. Other peoples opinion may make you want to try new things and they may push you to aim higher then before.

If you hear only one answere you might start to assume things that are wrong and in some cases can lead to hurt feelings and broken bonds. This is why we need to find opinions from multiple people, to create a more precise view. Having more opinions backing your side can help you in case you need to pursuade someone to decide. Assuming can create something called a single story, a single story is something that is a view with one sides opinion without the others on a subject and most of the time are false. Maybe one day you wanted to go eat some pizza, you ask your friend and he tells you that this one pizza place is really good and the other is bad, so you trust him and don't bother to ask other people and go on to think that one pizza place is bad and never try to eat at it.

Getting multiple thoughts on anything can help you remove bias on the subject and change your point of view for the better. It can have a lasting effect on your view and learning skills, it can also increase your knowlege, which can prevent a bias from forming all increasing better decision making. Asking them their opinion is helpfull and can clear up confusion that might have been an embarasing question to ask. Lets go back to the pizza place example but now your other friends are telling you that this pizza place (The one you thought was bad) is pretty good pizza for how cheap it is. You try the pizza and you like it and change your mind about it, now you eat at it all the time with your friends.

In the end this is not a perfect solution, the people around you might have a bias on the subject or have false information that you might start to believe. In life you will make bad decisions eitheir because of bias or miscommunication, but you will eventually bump into a person who has a different opinion on a subject and maybe even pursuade you to switch in a good way, changing the way you may have been thinking on some decisions. This is why it's importent not to only understand both sides of an argument but also to practice theses skills for later in life for more knowlege and skill to be better at decision making.