Dear Principal,

My name is STUDENT_NAME and I am one of your students attending SCHOOL_NAME. My view on you changing the policy is out of the question. Yes there are some reasons that might be helpful but students that love sports shouldn't have to be anything less that what is expected of them. The policy should remain the same because some kids that are very talented in sports more than others, may struggle in just one specific class. Most students that have a B average are not participating in sports at our school.

Many high school and middle school students struggle in the some of the same classes such as Math, History/Social Studies, English, Science/Biology/Chemistry. These are all tough classes but could be more difficult for students in different areas of the subject. For example, if our high school football team is going to the championships and our star player/quarter back has an 85% in Biology and is turning in a minor paper due 2 days before game time, and the teacher grades it as a C. This student with an 85% in that class has a B right now but if them get a C on a minor paper there grade could drop to somewhere in the low 80's or high 70's which no longer is considered a B average. Your star player and quarter back is out for the game and possible risk loosing the championship all because of one small paper.

There are many clubs out there for students to join and have fun in, but more than likely half the students in those clubs don't play sports and have at least a B average. Think of all the kids that aren't in those clubs that do play sports and are just short of a B average. People with an A average like you participate in Science Olympiad, Book clubs, and math clubs. But others who play Volleyball, Cross Country, Basketball, Wrestling, Track, Softball, Swimming and so on may not be capable of being in those clubs due to class grades. If you change the policy and make it so only people with a B average can play sports then you might be cutting out half of the school from your sport programs.

Please consider my reasoning about why the school sports policy should not be changed. Some that are very talented in sports more than others, may struggle in just one specific class, and most students that have a B average are not participating in sports at our school. I hope you will keep it the same.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME