Some schools have the option to vidoe call instead of going to class in person. Students would greatly benefit from this option. The ablility to attend clas digitally would help students miss less classes and be more convenient for the students.

One of the benefits of being able to attend class digitally would be students missing less classes. If a student happens to be sick they can not go to school and instead video call to class. The student does not miss class and the rest of their classmates dont get sick. This would also be helpful to students on vacation they can check into class and not miss and catch up with as much work if they where to no have this option. Student who are injured and unable to go to school wont have to worry about missing imortant lectures by calling in.

The other stated benifet would be convenience for the student. missing less would mean less catching up which is very helpful for he busy life of a student. They would also have all the comfort of being at home and still get all the information as if they were at class. Students can get stuff to eat and go to the bathroom all without disturbing the students in the class. A stundent with a broken foot would not have to hobble around class to class and can instead video call and rest their foot in bed and have all the pain and other meds they may need.

Some may say this will leave students lazy and not have the initiative to leave their house or bedroom. Th epoint may have some merit but the benefits outweigh the douwnsides. It would still be a incredibly helpful reasource to those student would use it when they need to. They would show a willingness to learn and grow by actually video conferencing into class then staying home and doing nothing.

The option to video call would be helpful because it will keep students from missing class and be convenient for students. It can be a helpful reasource to have students stay connected. So talk to a school adminitrator or write to the schoolboard and try to get your school the option to digitally attend class.