If your child was to get a chance at getting home schooled, and you no longer have to be at school to get your education. How would it benefit the student ? First, Some children does not like being around others. For example, some students may have drama going on with one another and you cant really focus on your school work and drama, so you being at home working would benefit the students a lot in this case. Also, students that may be depressed or Anti-social may need their own space to work on their school work, so the program would help out in their favor. Being in your own area sometimes is very peaceful, but doing your school work there is even better! Because you getting your education and you are at home getting it.

However, students may not ever get tired of the program. Why? Because students/children have their own pace to things so being in this program you can start your lesson whenever you want and finish whenever you want. Majority of the students may would like to be at home in their own space because it may be more comfortable for them. Having your feet kicked up with a nice healthy sandwich beside you while doing your school work doesnt sound amazing to you? ITS WONDERFUL!

Adults, Teens, and Older people know teens love their sleep. Yes you've guessed it more sleep! School hours is way different if you are participating in the building verses online. School starts early in the morning and you have to get out your bed, get dressed and also travel to your school. But the home program is different you could wake up and go straight to work without the extra moving and getting dress.

More focus and better understanding may be one of the reasons why students would want to get into this program. Everyone knows a school house isnt that quiet , some students are detraction to others. I know me myself doesnt like a lot of loud noise especially when I trying to get my work done and correct. Students sometimes works better by themselves. Reading and Writing are ligature subjects , and sometimes you have to read but some students doesnt like reading out loud or at all because of their self esteem. Some students may feel as though they cant read and they think someone is going to laugh at them ! So the home program may boost plenty of students self-esteem. Being by yourself sometimes get the work done faster and better. How? because you dont have to keep giving someone else feed back. You just can get the work done and turn it in. You are also by yourself so theres really no one that could hold you back from doing your work and no one there to distract you but you.

So, these are some of the reasons on why the home schooled program may benefit students! I know some of these reasons because i was a home schooled student, and these were some of the cons i loved about the program. The home school program may seem like a lot to do but its just like you being at school but you are at home with a little bit more pep!     