Imagine having a piece of technology tell you how you're feeling. I do not think that the use of technology to read our emotions would be valuable in a classroom. If they were used, the students may get mad, it could be a bother to the teacher, or it would be costly and takes regular upkeep.

If technology was used in classrooms, it would not be valuable. The students in the classrooms sometimes want to hide how they feel about someone or something, and having a machine track what they feel, could trigger them. A student can sometimes hide their anger about a student or assignment, but if this was applied, it would be obvious. Another reason they wouldn't be valuable is because if it reads the wrong emotion of someone, they person's anger or emotion may rise and become an even larger ordeal. Someone can already tell what is felt just by looking at someone's face for the most part, as the author stated in paragraph 5, so there is no point to have to have a machine do the same thing. A friend would be also able to see if you are faking a smile or hiding what you really feel. The teachers also are another reason they wouldn't hold any value.

A second reason that the machine is not worth it is because of the teachers responses. A teacher may now see how a student feels about something and this could lead to more disiplinary issues. The teacher may feel annoyed if the students become amused and there would not be a point to teaching. In paragraph six, it says, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." and this shows that they are becoming like a teacher and this could lead to a decrease in available jobs, kind of like what is happening with robots. The placement of these machines in classrooms could cause more stress on teachers and more to worry about on top of the student's needs. They aren't only a bad idea because of the teachers and students, but also the upkeep.

The final reason they should not be placed in classrooms is because of the price and upkeep. The machines would not be a cheap purchase and the schools have better items to buy for the school. The school my have to hire more people to make sure they are always working and this is also using more of the schools money. The device would be like any other piece of technology and would also require updates. The "Da Vinci Code" would not be totally accurate every time, and that could lead to a disruption. Nick D' Alto says, "Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile." which shows how complicated the machine is and how easily it could misinterpret emotions.

In conclusion, the placement of technology in classrooms would hold no value. They would be a distraction to students, have negative effects on teachers, and entail a large cost and major upkeep. 