Dear,

State Senator:

I am writing you this letter today to tell you that we should change the elction by popular vote for the president of the United States. At the most, the electoral college is extremely unfair to the voters, and the system allows much worse disaster than the fiasco that happened in 2000.

The electoral college is unfair to the voters voting for the president and other candidiates. Using the "Winner-Take-All" system, the voters know they have no chance of winning, focusing on the tight races in the states also. All because they can't spend time in states.

Also, voters vote not for the president, but for the state of electors who vote for the president. Get this, if you lived in Texas, and you wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pleadged on him. Don't forget that there is the off chance that those electors won the stateside election, they would go to Congress and John Kerry would get 34 electoral votes but, who are they electors? I'll tell you, they can be anyone not holding public office.

Also, another reason why the Electoral College should be vacant, is because of the what happened in 2000. During the 2000 campaign, 17 states did not see the candidiates at all!

Those sates would include, Rhode Island, and South Carolina. Also, voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign add. Not one, and the electoral college has the power to make things worse than what happened in 2000.

It's no secret anymore, the electoral college is unfair, irrational, and outdated. We should not let the electoral college get away with what they are doing! completley unfair to the voters and another fiasco like 2000, or even worse than that can start up again. It's hard, it's very hard for me the say this, but I know, and you know that Bob Dole was right, we need to abolish the electoral college!

I hope you have the time the read this letter and seriously think about making some changes. I don't know much about politics but, I do know that what the electoral college is doing is not right at all. They are cheating voters just like they have been donig since 2000, maybe even a long time before that.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME

SCHOOL_NAME  