Imagine going to a friend for advice and your friend unknowingly gives you horrible advice and you make a bad decision! One decision can change your life and if it's really important that you are right. This is why you should go to multiple people for advice, so you don't make the wrong choice. If you make a bad choice it hurts you not them, so you need to make sure you make the right decision. I think you should get multiple peoples advice before acting on something because people have different opining's, some people just give bad advice, and some people you just can't trust.

The first reason you should ask multiple people for advice is because people have different opining's. Sometimes there isn't a clear right or wrong choice and it just all comes down to what different people believe. If you only go to one person they will only share their opining which is only half the story. This is why it's important to get multiple peoples advice because you need both sides of the story to make a good decision for yourself.

My second reason you should go to multiple people for advice is that some people give bad advice. Some of the people you will talk to will not know what there talking about. They will give you bad advice that when you act on will hurt you one way or another. That's why it's important to go to multiple people because if the first person you talk to gives you bad advice the second person will clear things up. I know this from experience because I once went to my brother for advice, but when I told my mom what his advice was she told me how wrong it was and what the right choice was.

My last reason you should go to multiple people for advice is because theres some people you just can't trust. As much as you want to deny it they're people in this world that wish you harm and want you to fail either to help them or to make them feel good. One way they try to do this is by giving you bad advice and if you don't go to multiple people you will take there bad advice. Remember one bad choice can change your life, so taking that person advice can even send you to jail.

You should ask for multiple peoples opining because people think differently, some people don't give good advice, and there are some people that want you to fail. So the next time you need advice make sure you go to multiple people. If you don't and you make the wrong decision you can get in trouble, mess up a relationship with someone, and even ruin your life.