One day if kids really cared people might ask other people for their opinions if they need help, for example say you asked three different people like parents teens,friends or teachers for their advice or their opinion,and they all say different things and you only have to pick one, yeah it might be hard but you just have to pick one. Not every ones response is the right choice for you because it cold be good when you hear it but when it happens its all over for you. Say you told your friends that you tried out for track and seen this really cute boy that you like and so you asked you friends for their opinion or advice from them and so what is the three girls said oh go talk to him,and the other say go ask him out,and you listened to them and so you walked up to him and ask him out and he was like ummmm... I have a girl,then its all over for you and the chance you could of had when they broke up. Not everyone you ask for there opinion is going to tell good stuff and you also need to use your brain and think before you go asking your friends. But the good thing is about asking people for their opinion is that they could tell you the right stuff you need to know. If you have real friends you already know they not gonna tell you no wrong stuff. Talking to you parent could be hard but at the same time you need a relationship with them because you could talk to you mom about personal hygiene you aint know about,and talk about boys. Having a relationship with your dad could be weird if your a girl but he could protect you from the bad stuff. Therefor talking to your teachers yeah they give you good advice for like coming to school for an education,and bullies and some time whats happening at home,but dont ask people you barely know because they could get you caught up in the mix and get you in trouble,and or heart broken. Although asking close friends,or teachers,and or you mom or dad witch ever one you are closer with. Asking people is good for like when you don know what to do and or you know what you wanna do but you know that if you do it that its bad or you just cant do and and you need some advice to not be scared. but its good to ask for advice from other people just to try new things and try to trust people. Even though people ask for advice but that does not mean they are slow, or stupid.