Have you ever heard about the face on Mars? A lot of people have. NASA sent the Viking one up into space to try and capture pictures of mars. The Viking was taking pictures when it noticed a shadowy figure. Can you guess what that figure is? Conspiracy theorists have their own vision of what it was made by, but NASA's scientists had the facts about it!

In paragraph two it says, "The sensation of the face was short lived. Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa." The conspiracy theorists think otherwise. The conspiracy theorists think that the face was made by Aliens. They also think that the face was really think that it was made by Aliens, and that NASA knows it was, but they just do not want to reveal it. Conspiracy theorists think it's Bona Fide, and that it's evidence of life on Mars. This all shows that the conspiracy theorists have different points of view than the NASA scientists do.

In paragraph seven it says, "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting then the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." When scientists put the image out online not everyone was satisfied with what the scientists said. Conspiracy theorists still think that it was made by Aliens. This shows that the scientists at NASA have facts and that the conspiracy theorists have only a picture.

In paragraph eleven Garvin says, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size. So if there were objects in this picture like aiplanes on the ground or Egytian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" In paragraph twelve it says, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West." Garvin added, "It reminds me most of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho." This shows that NASA thinks that the face was just a natural landd form. Everyone else thinks that it was made by Aliens.

In paragraph eight it says that the camera had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. Now everyone is saying, "Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." They all think now possibly they were made by Aliens. This shows that we may have made a serious mistake in how the face was made. The face could've been made by both natural forming or by aliens.

In conclusion, the face could have been made by Aliens and we just do not know it. We could have been wrong for all we know! So we need to think to not doubt ourselves. We all need to think, was the face really made by aliens? It could've been! We need to learn to work together on our theories not against each other. Just think if NASA would've worked with the conspiracy theorists then we could've figured out what really made the face on Mars! 