Phones And Driving

People using their cellular devices while driving is a common thing although its is not safe at all. People should not be allowed to be able to use their phones while driving for several reasons. First of all, using your phone while driving would increase the rate of people getting into car accidents. Secondly, if someone sees someone else on their phone they're gonna feel inclined to also be on their phone. Lastly, if your hands are busy operating a phone then you won't be able to keep your hands focused on driving. Using a phone while driving should never be a choice.

Firstly, Using your phone while driving would increase the rate of car accidents. If your vision is occupied by your phone then you can't possibly pay attention to the road. Therefore if you eliminate distractions then all of your focus and attention can go towards getting to your destination safely. When it comes to car accidents i'm sure most of them were caused by distraction by the phone. Phones while driving just isn't a good idea.

Secondly, people are often times prone to suggestion. So if someone is seen on their phone then others are going to follow which can lead to various things. If everyone is no longer paying attention to the road then everyone is in danger. Studies already show that more car accidents are caused by cellular device usage then anything else. Phones can always be accessed so there shouldn't be a hurry.

Lastly, if your hands are occupied on the phone then you'll have less control over the steering wheel and other functions. If your hands are on your phone when you need to stop or swerve out of the way you won't be able to do it to the best of your ability because your hands were full. Being able to swerve fully under your control could be the difference between life and death. Lets keep our hands on the steering wheel and eyes on the road.

In conclusion, using a cellular device is no no when it comes to getting behind the wheel. There are much better things to do when in a car. For example listening to music occupies some people when their driving. Other than that keeping your focus on the road should always be the main focal point when driving. If people feared the consequences then they would be less likely to do it. But as it stands now people don't fear it and that's why they do it with no problem.   