Many teachers hear students say, "Why can't we have free time?" Well, when your principal allows you to have extracurricular activities, then I think it is safe to say there are no negatives in having it. Even though some students have their own opinions on saying if they want to go outside or not, extracurricular activities don't limit them on that. They just simply allow you to get a break throughout the school day, and everyone needs to have a break. Let me explain three ways why extracurricular activities are beneficial for students.

The whole purpose of having an extracurricular activity in the school day is so that students have something to do. This isn't supposed to be boring for the students, they are supposed to be having fun and taking a break from school. In addition to that, this can allow students to set goals for something they have never tried before. If students don't get a break in between the school days, they will never learn because their brain doesn't have time to rest. One more thing, I am a student myself and when I am bored, I am bored. When having other activities to do before and after school, these activities has allowed me to balance out my social life and my school life, due to the fact that I am not stressing over work.

When doing this, you can also make a future out of it. I say this because if you are trying something new, it could be something you do for the rest of your life. Otherwise, if your principal never brought up these activities, then you may have been a whole different person and never knew that you were wanting to make a career out of it. In addition to that, this is also important because Colleges like to see you doing stuff other than school, Colleges don't only focus on your education, but they focus the same amount on sports and/or other activities. This is just another great way why extracurricular activities are needed more often in school. These activities can also bring on new ideas that you can address to your colleagues at work someday, and you will remember to thank your principle for bringing up the idea.

Finally, I feel as a student that extracurricular activities can also benefit you as a student to making new friends. Many people can say that making friends is a dream come true because it can increase their communication skills, share thoughts, and make bonds. When making friends, some people feel accomplished that they have made friends because it is a goal that they have always wanted to achieve. Secondly, communication skills plays a big roll in your life, it allows you to communicate with your colleagues at work, or even somebody at a bagel shop. Sitting in a classroom all day listening to your teacher talk, isn't allowing you to communicate and that is certainly a problem. Making friends differentiates you from your social life and your school life. School isn't the most important thing, but if you are having trouble with something, call your friend up because that's what friends are for.

In conclusion, I feel that it is evident that extracurricular activities are needed in school in order to benefit the students social life and school life. I would like to restate that students should at least participate in one extracurricular activity. It allows students to have something to do, it can allow them to pursue in that activity and make a career out of it. Finally, it brings in the opportunity for students to make new friends. In the end, there is nothing wrong with giving balance in your life, productivity always wins in life.         