Dear Principal,

I agree with your thoughts on not letting students participate in sports or other activities unless they have a grade B average. Many students get sidetracked when they are in sports because they are either thinking about them too much or they are excited about them. Often when we have our minds on something else we can't focus on our studies and later on it shows on our report cards.

Also, often when we are in a sport, we say we don't have enough time to work on our homework, and we blame it on the sport or activity. Moreover, you should use your new policy about the grade B average as an incentive to being allowed to join a sport or activity.

In my opinion, we often get excited about sports or other activities and get sidetracked when we are taking a test. In return, we fail the test and ask ourselves why? Even though we studied, we failed because our minds were in the world of sports.

Sometimes we can't even concentrate on our work because we are thinking of our after school activities. Adding to that, what if someone's grades are already low, to be exact, less than a grade B average? Having our minds on other activities could drastically drop our grades to the ground.

From my point of view, sports and other activities consume too much time, not leaving enough time for homework. Especially if we don't do our homework daily, we will find a way to blame it on the sport or activity, but still choose the sport over school work. In time, that will reflect on our grade and like always, we will say we didn't have time. If you change your policy to the grade B average, we will know we have to leave time for homework if we want to continue in any sport.

Lastly, the grade B average policy will work an incentive to us. It will be like an award for getting good grades throughout our school year. That way, we will stay focused on our studies to obtain what we really want to do, sports and activities. We will know we have to find the time to do our schoolwork if we want to continue participating in any sports. To sum it up, being allowed to participate in a sport will be a reward for our good grades.

Once again, from my opinion, no one should be allowed to participate in a sport or activity if we don't have at least a grade B average. Often being in a sport or after school can get us sidetracked from what is really important. Additionally, we won't find the time to do our homework and blame it on the activity. To add, instead of allowing everyone to participate in a sport, you should leave it and an award for good grades. To close, I agree with your grade B average policy, and I think you should put it to practice!

Sincerely,

Your