"The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon." NASA discovered the face, on Mars, when they took a picture of it in 1976. Some people believe that the face is real and some don't. Although, it might look real, it is just a messa. So far they only have older pictures of it, they also have confimed it a messa, which is common on Mars. A cheif scientist for NASA said it reminded him of Middle Butte in Snake River Plain in Idaho. Therefore, if the Face was real then why haven't we gotten more pictures of it.

In contrast, they only have older pictures of it. Very few scientist believed the Face was an alien artifact. "Scientists figured it was just another Martian Messa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." However, people thought it was a real face. When the picture went online or on TV, people thought it was "bona fide" evidence of life on Mars. Even though some people are defenders of NASA, we still shouldn't give them money to see if there is an actual ancient civilization. If we do we could possibly be putting that money to waste. We should think about if the pictures are real or if they were photoshopped.

However, NASA has confirmed it a messa. Which is a natural landform. Since it is windy or cloudy on Mars this messa could have been pushed around to make it look like a face. Even though we got pictures we would still be able to see things like airplanes, Egyptian-style pyramids, or even small shacks. We could have actually seen those on the ground. NASA dosen't even pass over the face that often. In contrast, we would not be able to get much information on it. So we should not even worry about how to figure out what it is.

Therefore, when scientists Jim Garvin says it reminds him of "Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," we should think about how is he right. When a scientists says something big and important we are listening and comparing something on Earth to Mars means that it could have been caused by erosion. Even though we are just getting pictures of it isn't enough. We could have better pictures now then they did back then. In conclusion, erosion and plains on earth come naturally. We have no idea what that could be made of it could be made of, sand for all we now.

Therefore, we may have confirmed pictures it is a face. But do we have pictures that it is not just darker sand. The face could be anything on Mars. Because their pictures confirmed it a messa, it is a natural landform. In contrast, it formed naturally. Just like how it looks like Middle Butte in Idaho. Which was formed naturally. If this gets people saying that their could be life on Mars we probably would have found it by now.

All in all, if the face was real then why don't we have more advanced pictures of it. NASA only has older pictures of this so called "Face", it looks like a natural landform in Idaho. So next time NASA gets people crazy about another ancient alien civilzation, think about how they need to prove it.             