Seeking multiple options could show someone a variety of things they could do. Instead of only seeing something one way, someone could be able to use many peoples opinions to form their own. People around us look at the choices we make and form opinions about us through those decisions. If we go around doing the first thing that comes to mind, people will see that, and think of us as irresponsible people.

The option that is available to someone at first may not always be the best, and it is good to take a step back to survey what multiple people say before you pursue a decision. A good analogy for this idea is someone surveying an island that they have just come across. They would need to get to a vantage point, then make a decision after seeing what they are dealing with on this new land that is unfamiliar to them. Any person who doesn't take a second to survey what they have to do is going to make a bad decision sooner or later in their life, so it is good to do so if a person wants to be successful.

Somebody giving you advice on something may not actually like you, and they might be trying to manipulate you. Fake friends could tell you to go somewhere with them because it will be fun, even if they know it's dangerous or not in your best interest. If you seek more advice from other individuals that may be looking out for your best interest then you will be able to make decisions easier. Seeking multiple people's opinions may help give you a better reputation, while keeping you safer because the decisions you make will most likely be influenced by at least one person looking out for you.

Not only is seeking advice from multiple people a good practice, but getting multiple peoples opinions on something or someone is also very helpful so that you do not judge someone or something off of one person's opinion on them. Someones opinion on something may come from a past experience with the subject, and that opinion may help you in understanding what kind of person somebody is. Or somebody could be feeding you lies about someone or something because of some sort of bias because of race, religion or anything like that.

In conclusion if you seek understanding by getting multiple peoples advice then you will be more likely to form a better decision and have better opinions about things all around you. Some people's advice is meant to hurt you and some peoples advice is biased. Getting multiple perspectives is always good because it helps you grasp the bigger picture. 