Even though driverless cars are coming in the near future and have alot of postive and nagative aspects in my opinion I support the devlopement for driverless cars. To convey why Driverless cars are a good thing is becasue is can save alot of time and fossil fuel and is a lot more convient. For instance when the author states that, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and far more flexibity than a bus. This line states how driveless cars can change the world for better and are going to be more aparant then riding the bus.

Some more interesting facts about the smart cars that makes me more support it is when the passage talks about the Driving and the Assisting. For instance author talks about how,"Traffic Jam Assistant." "The can handle driving functions at the speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch senseors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." I think this is a good thing becasue it makes driving more alot more safe for the driver, but at the same time does not sacrifice the drivers control of the car and it will alert you if you need to take control of the car, which I think is very important so there won't be any accidents.

To argue why would you need a driverless car if you can just drive yourself is an very improtant question. Driverless Cars can be helpful and can maybe even save your life if you come across some reckless driver on the road. For example when passage states how, Some manufactures hope to do that by bringing in-car entertiainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned of instantly when the driver needs to take over-something not avabilable to drivers trying to text with a cell phone." This line describes how the driverless Cars have many safety features and can be automatical turned off just in case of emergencys, which makes it even more convenient and alot safer for the driver.

To summerize my argument on selfdriving cars is that I think it's going to be a huge advancement for humanity and will improve our lifestyles for the better. The features in the passage that describes these smart cars such as the heads up dsiplay, which is entiretantment system and information system which, can be turn off automaticaly in case of emergencys. Also the Antilock brake and driver assitance, which can save a lot of lives.

These safety features are going to make driverless cars a sucess. Driverless cars are going to be aparent part for the future and will imporve the way we drive and our action as well and save many lives.  