A student decides to work from home. They open their computer and log on to their class. The student listens to the conference, but they aren't fully paying attention. Instead their attention is slightly directed to a TV which is playing softly in the background. The student ends up failing all because they were distracted. That's why I believe that students wouldn't benefit from attending classes while at home because of increased distractions and lack of teacher presence.

Being at home while attending classes could cause distractions and hinder a student's performance. When at home people become relaxed and more inclined to do things that they want to do, pushing other things like work and school out of their minds. Meaning, students would be distracted by those wants, such as, watching TV and playing games, and wouldn't be interested in doing school work.

Attending online classes at home means that there isn't a teacher there, in person, to help you. Having a video conference with a teacher is completely different from being in a classroom with one. Making it harder for people to understand what's being taught to them. Taking a class like math online would be difficult for the students who take longer to understand certain problems. Sometimes they need the teacher to explain a problem in multiple ways before they can understand it. Being online, where it's harder to communicate, would definitely make the information harder to understand.

Taking classes from home could encourage independence in students, however, I believe that is wrong because some students would take advantage of that opportunity. Students would take the chance of learning from home as an excuse to stay at home just because they don't want to go to school. Also, students could take advantage of a teacher not being there to watch them and use that to cheat. Since most parents aren't going to meticulously watch students and teachers have a restricted field of vision because of computer cameras, taking classes from home give students more opportunities to take advantage, and could negatively effect how they learn.

Though, some people may think that taking classes from home would be beneficial to students because of things like encouraging independence. I believe otherwise, because of increased distraction, lack of teacher presence, and the possibility of students taking advantage of being at home while taking classes. That's why students should continue to take classes at school and shouldn't take online classes at home unless it is absolutely necessary.             