Have you ever become ill during school days? Perhaps you felt anxious to go to school? Even wanting to learn at home than school itself? If you answered yes to any of these questions than distance learning would be most beneficial for you. Distance learning is now an option for some schools for students to attend classes from home by the form of online or video conferencing. Simply imagine being able to partake in your education at the luxury of your home. Distance learning would be beneficial to students who are rather sick, socially anxious, and eager to learn as they will be able to attend classes at home with no harm.

If you are ever feeling ill, you most definitely do not want to attend school as you are not feeling well and you could cause your fellow peers to become ill as well. When you do not attend school, however, you are missing out on a lot of quality learning. You may certainly be able to pick up the assignments you had in class, but doing them on your own may prove to be rather difficult. Thanks to distance learning, you are now able to attend classes that may support you in your education in a lot of different ways compared to not having any learning at all. When you learn at home when you are ill you do not have to worry about causing harm to your peers and your humble abode is a place where you can feel safe and comfortable. Illness can be many different things but no matter what it is it may be better for you to stay at home. In fact, you are most likely to be better supported at home as you can consume whatever food or medicine you need to make yourself feel better while learning something that will benefit you. I can recall many times when I was ill and I just sat at home doing nothing when I could actually be doing something through distance learning. The vast majority of individuals can agree that something is better than nothing.

Social anxiety is rather common among students, especially with teenagers across the country. Sometimes you just do not have the mentality to communicate with your peers effectively or you want to be alone due to other factors that may be causing your social anxiety. Unfortunately, there are not a lot of resources for these students to access or they are simply too scared to access them. Personally, I have felt this in days where I did not want to go to school at all due to bullying, peer pressure, and more. Students who feel anxious when going to school are typically fine in every other regard. With distance learning, these students are truly able to take the great opportunity of attending classes at home. Your education should not be at stake due to social anxiety, and this option changes that for the better.

Those eager students that are academically successful may find this opportunity to be quite useful as well. You see, it is quite possible for students to attend their classes both at school and at home. This is beneficial to those who seek to advance within their path to graduation. For example, I did something similar with Virtual Loudoun, a program that allows you to take courses online for many reasons, one of them being to advance at an accelerated rate. There is also the high possibility that students may find their classes at school going to slow or being too easy. Through distance learning, you are able to work at your own pace as there is not a group of students needing to be helped or you are waiting on to continue a lesson.

It is truthfully a marvelous thing for schools to offer such an excellent option to students who may need it or simply wish to have those great benefits. Whether you are ill, have social anxiety, or simply wanting to learn more, distance learning is beneficial towards you and many other groups. It is a shame that many schools do not offer distance learning as they are doing a disservice by not allowing students to have these benefits that other schools are offering. Students should make their voices be heard and call for schools who do not offer distance learning to immediately offer the option due to its great benefits. There is no doubt in my mind that any student body would not want this option being available to them. You should also call for schools to offer this as an option, as anyone can request for it to happen. If you don't, you are letting all of these great benefits that should be offered not exist to students that genuinely need them. Take the time to stand for what you need, it will only take you minutes to grant you hours of quality education.