The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable,in the article it is stated that "The new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements". Also it is stated that "weighting the different units,the software can even identify mixed emotions". "Leornardo Da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscled precisely enough to convey specific emotions"

Another reason why the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable,because in the article it is stated that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". Not only that but the technology could modify the lesson as if it was an human instructor. Another reason why this technology is effective in in the classroom is in the article "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive".

The computer's also need to understand that most human non communication is non verbal there are muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus that makes crow's - feet around your eyes. But when you are not really smiling in a fake smile,the mouth is strecthed sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle,the risorius. These muscles clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity is fake smiling.

It is also proved that moving your facial muscled not only express emotions, but also may even help produce them Leonardo Da vinci's new software stores similar anatomical information as electronic codes. The computer know's how to detect happiness,surprise,anger,digust,fear and last but not least sadness,Also associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles.

Frontantalis pars lateralis musles raises your eyebrows when your surprised or shocked about anything while your orbicularis oris the muscles that around your mouth tightens your lips. With all that being said the technology in the classroom is very valuable because of all the things that it recognizes like confusion,boredom,sadness and even fear. Also this technology can even modifty lesson's as if it was an human instructor.                                                 