In the article, "Making Mona Lisa smile", by Nick D'Alto, the author explain how a new technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers software to detect human emotions. The use of this technology can help teachers recognize their students feelings or emotions in order to help them in the areas they need help in. The author states, "the new-recognition software tracks these facial movements-in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa". The new technology can help teachers recognize if the contents being taught in class is boring or confusing for the students and it will help the teacher to clarify or modify the lesson or determine a way to help the students understand the materials.

The system can help teachers identify their students emotions through their facial expression.

Many experts are developing ways to recognize and percieve mixed emotions and subtle facial movements we use to express how we feel through technology. This new technology can be very effective in classrooms all over the world. It will help enhance students learning in classroom also it will be useful for the teacher as well.

In the article, the author states, "A classroom computer could recould recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored", Dr Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor".

Many teachers can use this new technology to boost their student knowledge and make learning fun for the students.

Teachers can also use this new technology to promote their students growth. They can use this new technology to determine the areas they can help their students in by using this new technology to detect how they feel about the contents being taught in class. Many students don't ask questions or ask for help even if they need it.

"Most humans communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication",

notes Dr. Huang. "So computers need to understand that too", states Dr. Huang. By using this new technology, teachers can recognize nonverbal and emotional communication in order to find a way to help their students.

The new technology can enhance students enthusiasm. It can build their confidence in learning through their achievements in school. It will helps students with their performance in school and their grades. Teachers using this technology to detect how their students feel about the lessons being taught in class and finding a way to help them with their studies can help students achieve high scores on their test. The technology is very valuable in classroom.

In conclusion, the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is very useful and valuable. It can help teachers to recognize how their students feel about the materials being taught in class in order to help them better understand it. It can also help teacher clarify topics to students and help them achieve a high score on their tests. The new technology can make learning fun for students. In addition, the new technology can help students build their confidence in learning by helping teachers detect their emotions using this new technology.