Education is becoming increasingly reliant on technology.

Classroom activities are now more dependent on the internet and some college entrance exams are embarking on the switch to digital.

With new innovations flooding the market, some schools are considering offering students the opportunity to use video conferencing as a substitute for attending school.

Students would not benefit from being able to take classes from home because of the communication difficulties and the lack of social opportunities video conferencing brings.

Students learning through online conferencing would experience more difficulties in communication than students who physically attend school.

Since video conferencing relies on the internet, there are many more factors that could go wrong.

Power or internet outages could cancel classes for days.

Teachers would have to go through extra training to teach online classes.

Problems with the conferencing program could leave students stranded.

And finally, teachers could experience difficulties with using the software.

While physically attending school is dependent on the weather, there are fewer variables to worry about and fewer things that can go wrong.

Ultimately, video conferencing is much more complicated and error prone than physically attending school.

While academics are the reason for attending school, social opportunities at school are also important.

One who would be able to take classes from home would not have an opportunity to interact with peers and would have a harder time joining clubs or other activities.

It is important that students develop social skills, and if students do not gain experiences of collaborating with others, then it will be harder for students to adjust later on in college or in the workforce.

Furthermore, it would be much harder for students to build a friend group and have a support network they can rely on, potentially leading to a prevalence of mental health issues such as depression.

High School is meant to be a period of both academic and social growth, and it is important that students learn needed social skills so they will not have to learn them later.

With new technology tools intended to bolster education becoming readily available, some educational facilities are considering the switch to online learning methods, such as video conferencing.

Some may argue that online conferencing helps increase availability of education, but the costs would outweigh the benefits.

While education might become more widespread, the overall quality of education would drop sharply and students would lose the social aspect of learning.

The ability to take classes from home would be detrimental due to the communication struggles and fewer social opportunities online conferencing brings.