being aale to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable.

I believe if a student is struggling then they will find the most productive way out of how they are struggling, doing anything to gain some sort of happiness when they are down. it is there business and privacy, I never think that should be put into jeproady. It is impossible to detect 100% how someone is feeling, and I don't think that some new technology is going to change that. Nothing can detect how someone is emotionally feeling, facial expressions don't show emotions. Anyone can fake a smile and that thing be thrown off. Nothing can be said with a "calculation" I don't believe that a computer can tell how I feel based upon the looks of my smile, We have all taken a picture with someone we may not want to, but we toughed the smile out in that, this will be no different. Although, facial expressions are univeral based upon the emotion, people can manipulate the system and they will. The whole thing seems very orgainzed, like when the articel states that quote "Eckman has classified six basic emotions - happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. That is truly breathtaking,

and almost too good to be true.

but I just think students will rebel when they have something can show how they feel, becasue that computer cannot get into the minds of some people, and truly help them, when someone who is visibly there, and physically there can help them out so much more. Some students will love this feature if it ever gets adapted, but most will rebel, and dislike school even more than some of them already do.

Emotional expressions are how someone feels, and thinks about anything, a computer will never be able to tell me how to feel or think, and some corny ad for a youtube video will not change me if something truly drastic is affecting me, I think that the entire production of the FACS is magnificent, and truly admirable.

I just think in this date and age that you cannot influence someone on how they think, or how they feel. If someone is happy, you should continue to let them go with the flow, and do there own thing, not crowd them with a computer that could potentially know how they feel, although I find that very unlikely, I am an optimist and hope that I can find reviews about this thing one day.

I don't think I'd truly ever wanna know how some people feel, the thought is somewhat scary. 