The subject of Schooling is a long, complicated and variable. From the debate on public versus private, homework, and the classes themselves, it is a truly mamothian subject. But amoung all of these differnt ideas, the subject of Long Distance Schooling (I.E Students learning from home via some sort of internet enabled device) is so often overlookd.

And i do belive that to be a true shame, for Long Distance Schooling (Hentsforth to be referred to as LDS) is a brilliant tool that should be used everywere! lets show its perks by means of an example. You live near a large metropolitan area, not unlike Generic_City or Generic_City. your daily commute to school can take you as long as 2 hours each way! this means you have to wake up early to get to school, and will have to stay up later to get all your work done. it could quite easily cause you to fall behind in sleep and school. But, through th magic of LDS, you now have 4 extra hours of your day you can work with.

this could be used in a variety of different ways. You could se it for extra sleep, which would probably allow you to perform better in class. or you could spend that extra time you now have pursing post High School opportunitys, such as collge, trade school, or a job. Alredy from time saved, your qaulity of life has been ffr and away bettered by a switch to LDS.

"but hold on" some of you may be thinking, "what if i dont live in a city or far away from my school?". Than your simply not thinking about some of the more commonly applicable elements of such a system. for instance, how often has a student gotten sick and then proceeded to fall behind on classwok? Im sure the qauntity is staggering, but no longer! A student, even if they are sickly and bed ridden, can still participate in classroom activitys by observing and following along with the rest of his or her class.

And even throughing both of this vary well postulated examples to the metephorical wind, you can still find many reasons as to why such a system is benfical. Maybe a student is shy and would perfer a more, disconected aproach?

Perhaps a child cannot attend class due to a long family vacation? One thousand examples could be found in an instant as to why such a system is more than worth the investment by our school systems.

I do hope you find my argument to be valid and well written, as it is my intention to help students the world over by giving them all the tools they need for success.

Sincerly

Generic_Name