I believe that students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. The reason I believe this is because students need to know what it is like to participate in extracurricular activities, they need to learn how to do other activities, and because many students don't do extracurricular activities. I believe the principal is right in this decision. Doing these activities is an essential in these students lives. These students must start participating in extracurricular activities.

Many students need to know what it is like to participate in extracurricular activities. Students need to learn how to do activities, such as playing basketball. Basketball also gives a lot of exercise, which is very important for students. If students start playing games, such as basketball, they will know what it is like to participate in extracurricular activities, how to work together, and how to make decisions. I believe that participating in sports such as basketball is very important to students.

Some students may already do extracurricular activities, but it is important to learn how to do other activities. It is important that students learn how to do other activities, not just one activity. If students learned how to do other activities, they can learn many other things. For example, students that work on the school yearbook can learn how to edit. Editing is a very important thing that can help students make things look nicer. It can also teach students to learn how to work together with their peers. Learning how to do other activities is a very important thing.

Even though some students may already participate in these activities, many do not. Some students may play on the computer, watch TV, or even just do nothing. These students need to start trying out some extracurricular activities. If they do not, then they will never learn many of the things these activities teach. Some of these things include working together, decision making, or even learning how to make friends. These things that extracurricular activities teach are very essential in our every day lives. These students need to learn how to do these essential things in their lives.

Students need to participate in extracurricular activities. The reason I support the principals decision is because students need to know how it is like to participate in these activities, they need to learn other activities, and students that don't do these activities need to start trying some out. Many people enjoy these activities. Students need to learn that these activities are good for them and that they teach many important things. I believe that if these students just tried out some of these activities, they would learn to enjoy them.