dear state senator, i believe that we should abolish the electoal college and just leave up to populare vote. The electoral college should be abolished because it is unfair, and it poses a threat to the U.S constitution.

The electoral college is unfair because it takes away the demicratic way of society that our founding fathers set up. In the United States of America we leave it up to the people to vote but if the people of the united states vote someone in an he doesnt get to run the country because the electoral college decided diffrently then we should not be called a democracy. For example in the 2000 election with Al Gore and Gorge W. Bush, the people of the united states voted for Al Gore, but due to the electoral college Bush won the election. in the passage The Indefensible Electoral College it says "Over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." what does that tell you? more then half of the USA would prefer a people vote instead of both!

Furthurmore, I believe we should due away with the electoral college because it poses a threat to the U.S constitution. when i say this i mean it is a threat to the citizens of the USA. the people of the united states were thought to vote our president in? but if the majority of voters vote for someone an the other oponent wins then where is the domocracy in that? also in the artical The Indefensible Electoral College  says "oh what if a state sends two slates of electors to congress? it happened in hawaii in 1960. Luckily, vice president Richard Nixon, who was presiding over the senate, vatlidated only his opponent's electors." imagin if that happens again an someone doesnt notice that? then there will be double slaters an there bound to vote for the same canidate so that will be an easy state to win for that canidate. The electoral college is nothing but problems.

In conclution, The electoral college should be abolished because it is unfair, and it poses a threat to the U.S constitution. You make your conclution based on this Mr. senator            