There have been conspiracy theories going around that the Face on Mars is actually created by aliens, but it can be proven to everyone that the claims are false. The Face is simply a natural landform, and NASA is not trying to hide or distort the truth. Some may still be skeptical, but there is proof that the Face is not an alien monument of any sort.

As stated before, the Face is actually a natural landform. It's the Martian equivalent to a butte or mesa found commonly in the American West. Fellow researcher, Jim Garvin, even states that it reminds him of the "Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho"(paragraph 12). It can be proven that Earth landforms definitely aren't made from aliens, and the same could be said for the Face.

The Face isn't even an actual face, so it's unlikely it even is an alien monument. The only reason the rock formation resembles a face is because the shadows cast an illusion of facial features such as eyes, a nose, and a mouth. Pictures of the Face were captured two other times using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Skeptics may believe that NASA messed up somewhere or that something was flawed, but it is highly unlikey that this is true. The procedure was performed on a cloudless summer day with the best camera at NASA's disposal.

Some skeptics may still doubt that the Face wasn't created by aliens, believing that NASA is just attempting to hide the evidence of an ancient civilization. In truth, this is false, but many defenders of the NASA budget wish there were signs of alien life. How can one believe NASA is keeping secrets about alien life from the public when it would benefit to do the opposite. Proof of an alien civilization would be more helpful to share than hiding it, so why do people believe otherwise?

Whether or not people believe the Face is actual just a Martian landform, it doesn't affect the researchers of NASA. Evidence to support the claim has been provided, but what proof do the skeptics have? Can they really disprove the truth or are they just desperate for attention?