Requiring students a summer project to extend their academic progression is extremely intelligent, however should the summer project be teacher- designed or student- designed. For me this is simple, letting students design their project would give them control of their summer the way they desire, could become an amazing social experience, and give a chance to show their creativity.

To begin with, the summer is basically one of the only times student get a break from school and no student wants to have to work during it, but allowing them to design their own project gives them the opportunity to work out how and what their going to do and can provide them a much more manageable schedule. Allowing them to fit in any other activities they wanted to indulged in that summer. Such as, summer camps, road trips, internships, etc. Then both parties are happy and fulfilled with what happened that summer.

Secondly, depending on how the students go about the design of their project it could become an extremely fun social experience. Especially when interacting with peers on what topic their going to do, coming together to making groups and working on the project over break, showing each other designs, and giving opinions on each others topics. This could become very fun and memorable experience for these young adults and impact them for the rest of their lives.

furthermore, as educational as school is it lacks one major and crucial thing, creativity. schools can be extremely bad when it comes to providing a platform to express yourself on, but giving students the ability to design their own project can incorporate their style in whatever way they choose. Instead of force feeding them a topic they have no interested in, inevitably causing reluctant behavior towards the project. Being in tune with your creative side creates a entrepreneurs mindset, allowing you to think outside box getting you away from common thinking.

In Conclusion, allowing students to design their own project can come with many benefits. Providing them the freedom needed to enjoy the summer, independent thinking, social skill, and most importantly creativity. And all these life skills from giving the task of one simple project.    