A man approaches a sleek new vehicle, he enters and the car starts still with his hands at his sides the vehicle begins to accelerate and turns on to a street as the man sits calmly. Self driving cars... an odd thought, however these vehicles may no longer be a fictional things seen in a cartoon or popular film. Right now developers across the globe are working towards a Self operating vehicle, one that could change the lives of people everywhere for the better. These "Driverless Cars" could prevent dangerous accidents, allow the driver to enjoy a safe and easy trip, as well as save precious fuel while cutting down polution.

Driverless cars programmed to obey and follow the rules of the road all while keeping its passengers safe. The average licenesed individual has been in or witnessed an accident, and they know how horrifying and potentially hurtful one can be. That can be stopped the new technology being developed can allow the cars to follow all driving laws, allow the passenger to take over in a state of emergency, and if the streets are filled with these law abiding vehicles there will be virtually no violations that could result in a fatal or harmful accident. Where as drivers today panic, drink and drive, as well as text and drive which leads to several hundreds of innocent lives lost every year.

Imagine sitting back relaxing listening to a great song that just came on not having to worry about other cars around you beacuse the one your in can handle itself. If these new revolutionary vehicles are allowed to take the streets constant worry of unsafe drivers will be deminished. Crash and acident rates would be at an all time low and travel would be so much more enjoyable. Yes these vehicles in there current state may ask for the drivers help every once in awhile, but the Google car drove 500,000 miles accident free, Remarkable.

Finally they would allow us to save and cut down on fuel use, and with supplies fading this could be a huge factor in saving what reserves we have left. They also could be powered by electricity which would remove the fuel factor as a whole and reduce polution rates to a minimal. Earth provides the human population with everything we need and have today. What better way to repay it then to save it from the harmful polution cars produce everyday.

In conclusion Driverless Cars are the cars of the future. Providing us with nothing but benefits if allowed on the roads of The united states and roads across the world. Saving lives, preventing the death of innocent people, allowing safe passage for the passenger, and cutting down on fuel use and polution. Driverless cars are the cars of the future and could provide peoplke with much better lives if allowed. 