In the article, "Making Mona Lisa Smile", Nick D'Alto describes a new software that processes emotions. The "Facial Action Coding System", or "FACS",

focuses on the muscle movements of the face in order to know someones emotions. This new technology would be valuable for students in a classroom setting because of the many educational benefits.

Using this software on a classroom computer could help students learn and understand what they are learning. While learning a lesson, students can often become confused or bored (pg 6). Whent this happens a computer "could modify the lesson" (pg 6). Changing the ways students learn based on how students are percieving a lesson decreases the chances of students not understanding or not paying attention. By modifying the lesson, students can learn in a way they enjoy. All students do not learn the same way. Using this software increases the chances of students learning in a way they understand.

"FACS" would not only help students learn, but it would also help teachers teach. In paragraph six, Dr. Huang, a college professor, stated that the software would be "like an effective human instructor." It would be very difficult for a teacher to individually teach every student they have in a way the student could understand. As stated before, all students do not learn the same way. To ensure that all students recieve every possible way to understand a topic, FACS would likely have to be used. Teachers would no longer have to worry about different ways to teach because the computer would do it for them. The teacher then has more time to do other things to help with the education of the class.

Communication is a skill that students learn at school as well as other places. School allows students to learn how to interact with other people. Dr. Huang included that "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communications." (pg. 6) Students are not learning the importance of nonverbal communication. Yes, "we humans preform this same impressive calculation every day"(pg. 5) However, what if we could do it at a different level? Learning about the FACS program can teach students to not only focus on word, but the muscles in the face as well.

What FACS does to interpret people, students can use to interpret people and further understand communication.

As shown, students can benefit from this new technology. FACS can help students learn by teaching them in a way they enjoy. FACS can help teachers be more efficient. It could also push students to better understand nonverbal communication. So, should FACS be used in classrooms? Well, with all these beneifts, the answer should be pretty clear. Lets add these emotional geniuses now!