When you put cell phones and driving together, you wont get a good outcome.

Statistics show that every year 1.6 million crashes happen because of cell phone use. I believe that sometimes you may really need your phone for emergencies but with the new technology, there are safer ways to answer the phone while driving. I truly believe cell phone use shouldn't be allowed while operating a vehicle for the safety of ourselves and others.

Over the past few years cell phone use has become one of the leading causes for car accidents. So why would people continue to put themselves in that situation daily ? Cell phones are an addiction, its proven that swiping on some of the apps we have causes our brain to release dopamine. I know how it is getting that notification and automatically wanting to grab your phone and that's also a reason why so many teen car accidents happen. Teens are the majority of whats on social media, and not every teen realizes the seriousness of driving.

Even Though cell phones are dangerous while operating a vehicle these days with all the new technology it is safer to talk to people on the phone while driving without having to really be on your phone. A lot of new cars have a bluetooth, so you don't really have to ever touch your phone. These newer cars give you great technology to basically have a touch screen "radio" that gives you access to itunes, messages, and more. Now for the people who don't have a newer car there is an alternative for y'all. Nowadays you see a lot of people with an attachment on the inside of there windshield that holds their phone, even people with the new technology in their cars. These options make using your phone safer and easier in cases of emergency, or just to use gps.

Although cell phone use and driving don't correlate, the new technology in cars and cell phone holders give people safer options. People should definitely take the dangers of using devices into consideration and the safety of their kids. One day your kids will be teens and you don't want to give them the impression that cell phone use in a vehicle is ok.               