Drivers Should Not Be Able To Use Cell Phone In Any Capacity While Operating A Vehicle

How many of you have been in a car accident? Now how many of you have used your phone while behind the wheel of a car? Imagine looking down checking a text message for a second then you look up and BOOM. Research shows cell phones are the leading cause of motor vehicle accidents in teens. Everyday people die in car accidents because they use their phone while driving.

Some argue due to their occupation they have to always be available to answer the phone. However, work can be stressful and while driving possibly dangerous. Resulting from an upsetting conversation you may be distracted and may lower your driving ability. Checking one text message could end your life in an instant. Mind you teens are still in the mist of officially learning how to drive properly. Cell phones are an obvious distraction and will prohibit you from doing so.

For example, October 18, 2013 was the day a 17 year old teenager named Sydnee Williams lost her life. She was driving when she made the decision to pick up her phone and text while driving. Williams was not wearing a seatbelt and was ejected from the car after crashing. Two days later sadly succumb Sydnee to her injuries and passed away. Though she was the only person in the car her life was not the only one that ended that day.

Texting while driving is completely illegal in 47 states as well as Washington D.C. Fines can range from $20 to up to $500 depending on the state. Other states this action can result in criminal misdemeanor charges. If the offense has resulted in a bodily injury to another person prison or jail time may be imposed. Not only are you putting your life in danger but possibly others. Now do u think jail time is worth replying to a text that could have waited.

In conclusion we don't want to lose another life because cell phones. They are a distraction and a safety risk. Even if you don't lose your life you could end somebody else's. Overall things it's just down right illegal. In my opinion cell phones should not be used while operating a vehicle in any capacity.      