Have you ever study at home before? Do you think student will benefit from attend classes at home? yes but student who study at home don't get to communicate with others, don't know how to overcome bullies and talk to their own teenage and they don't get to interact with people at same age. Studying home will let you finish school early but it won't get you a friend or help you find a relationship between outsider like friend,teacher and boyfriend or girlfriend.

Home school can fun but not more then going to place to study. Sometime it help you enjoy free time and stuff but it doesn't really help with going on a date or start a conversation. Most people I know who did home school now have already finish school but really shy to talk to someone even their own friends. In fact, a student name Generic_Name went on prom with his mom because he couldn't able to talk or make some friends from online school. Coming to point, going to school help student overcome a lot of thing that will happen like doing a presentation in front of help student to brave and responsible for what they are doing. it help them under the way of learning from other student.

Moreover, students who do home school finds it hard to find a relationship. they just stay home by them self to study. they don't get a chance to group work or get a new idea from others because knowledge doesn't come from one person. For example, people who home always remember one thing so when someone say something else they get surprised and sometime they wish they were in same school. student who study home get more time to do their work and turn them in. they always a sense mind in their house because there no other student to interrupt them when they are studying.

Finally , student will benefit a lot when they study at home but won't help them to be a communicator and help them interact with people. If a student want to study they have way to talk to people and make new friends and be able to talk for them self .        