School is a place of learning, it is a vital tool and the key to getting an education. It is a necessity for the growth of knowledge and a benefit in society. Education provides the key to success. Students would benefit from taking school from home this allowing for more time for outside activities, convince, and comfort for students.

Some may argue that allowing distance learning could actually harm students. Some say that letting student have an all around school experience is important for growth. Interaction between people of the same age helps with social communication skills. Another argument being that students will not use this as a tool for success, resulting in it not being beneficial and helpful.

Many students have activities outside of school. Student with jobs would benefit from at home school. This allows for a more flexible schedule, which could help students with prioritizing. It would help to learn balance and time management skills. Athletes would also benefit from this; some sports needing time to travel for competitions and practice. This gives students the flexibility to do activities outside of school and creates a balance between school and home life.

Online or video conferencing school from home could be an overall convince to students. Providing more sleep which is essential for students to fully be alert. Not getting the full rest needed could harm students by causing great fatigue. Studies show that getting eight to ten hours of sleep for students is necessary for focus. Online and video calling schooling could also provide one on one feedback and interactions between students and teachers. This lets students ask questions,get help, and clarification on what is not understood.

Providing an education at home could help students feel more comfortable. Many people suffer from anxiety, this affecting many students learning. For some physically being at school causes stress and does not allow students to fully be focused in a school environment. Resulting in grades decreasing and not being a helpful tool. Online school could also help students feel safe and judge free. Some students feel the pressure of fitting in with peers, this could cause a distraction for some. School at home would relive the pressures of this and let students concentrate on their education.

Distance learning would be helpful to students letting them create their own schedules, have one on one help, and give student the opportunity to do school from the comfort of their home. Overall it would be a benefit to students and have and good balance between school life and personal life.         