Do you think all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity? Extracurricular activities are activities you can take part in after or during school to further advance your mind. Some examples are sports, serving on the student council, or Beta Club. I think these activities are great and should be given to the students in a variety of choices. Here are some reasons supporting my idea.

First of all, extracurricular activities will help the students make a decision on what they want to be in life. If there are a variety of choices the students can try each of them until they find what they like. If they like sports they might want to go to the NFL, NBA, or other professional sports. Or maybe they might like science and become a scientist and discover new things. It's good to have a career that your happy with and enjoy doing.

Second of all, the students will have something to look forward to during the day. They will invest time into something and won't be so careless in life. Some students might be going through things and these activities could help them get it off of their chest. Examples of things like this happening have been heard from professional sports players. They say how their family may have struggled when they were young and sports help them look forward to something in life.

Finally, they will help sharpen the mind of the students and make them into harder workers. This world needs harder workers to go further. Generations have been getting lazier since technology has advanced. The amount of obesity in people have increased and kids don't go outside and play like they used to. If something doesn't change it will only get worse.

In conclusion, extracurricular activities are something that every kid should participate in. First, they will help them find out what they want to be in life. Second, they will give them something to look forward to during the day. Third, they will sharpen the minds of the students and turn them into harder workers. Do you thinks students should participate in these activities?  