Quick! you're late to a party that you had to bring the cake for but you can't decide on what cake you want you do like chocolate cake but you also want the one with fruits on it so you ask your friend for advice. people often ask others for there advice and opinion on a decision to help them make a better choice, can asking people for there opinion on a decision help make a better choice. Often people ask others opinion and advice on decision to see if they can make a good choice, everyone has probably done it, when you're at a bakery and can't decide what cake you want you would probably ask a friend for there opinion. There are many ways asking can be really useful for example having more than one opinion can probably tell you something that you didn't think of, it can lead to your choice being the best choice it can be, and it could make things easier

The first reason asking for others advice on a decision can help in your decision making is when you ask for someones opinion it can open new ideas that you didn't think of before. Bringing up new ideas can be super helpful its making your decision better. It can be really useful for buying something if you want to buy a toy but only have enough money for one thing and you ask someone for advice they mention things like how durable it is and how long they think you'll use it for, they bring up good points on what you should buy. Making a decision with peoples opinion and advice in mind can lead you to satisfy everyone that you asked having more than can point out things that are bad and point out the things that are good

Another reason is that hearing others opinion on the matter can bring your decision to be the right decision, like if your thinking of stealing a candy bar and you ask your friend if you should do it or not, usually you would do something that you friend says, stealing isnt the best option, so you leave the store without doing anything wrong, you could've stolen it but your friend didn't want that so you agree with them. Usually peoples opinion on something is biased so asking someone else is really good for changing your answer for the better. And if your buying food for someone that has an allergy and you ask your friend for advice for which one you should get and they mention that one of the things you were going to buy has something that is allergic to that friend ,you basically almost killed someone, and asking for someones advice helped you out. When making a choice you always want to pick the best choice and having more than one person making that choice can help a lot.

the finial reason for asking for advice or opinion from others is helpful is if you're having trouble with things like keeping organized you could always ask others for advice or if you are struggling with a math problem someone could help you do it in a different way then you did before. Its really useful to ask for advice from others to make whatever you are doing a lot easier than before we do it all the time.

Asking for advice on a decisions is really helpful having someone to point out something you didnt notice and making your choice the best choice it can be. In conclusion, yes it would be the best to ask someone on there opinion a choice that you are making you always want to make the best choice and asking others is the best way to do it. at the end of the day you pick the cake with fruit on it because your friend mentions that everyone at the party really dislikes chocolate, having a friend there saved you, you would've got kicked out of the party and without someone that knew that you would've had a bad time, so always ask if you can decide something, its the best choice to choose.      