Phones and Driving

The usage of cell phones instantly grew after the introduction in the 1980s. One of the primary reasons they have grown in popularity is cell phones allow people to communicate from all over in a matter of seconds. Due to the fact cell phones are such a vital part of lives, phone use while driving has become a definite safety concern. Adults spend an average of 45 minutes a dav on social media. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration noted 1,830 motor vehicle accident fatalities for young drivers, according to teendriversource. org. Many of the accidents were from distracted cell phone use. Cell phones should not be used in any capacity while operating a car for fear of distractions, higher insurance rates, and increased accidents and fatalities.

Cell phones being such an essential item in today's society, people find it hard to let go of cell phones while diving. Phone holders and Wifi have been added to many vehicles to enable hands free cell phone use while driving. Participating in any activity while driving, other than watching the road and their surroundings, creates distractions. Texdng, calling, reading tex ts, or sin1ply holding a phone to your ear can cause a momentary attention distraction. In a split second these distractions can cause a major accident. Phone usage is so dangerous because drivers are distracted with manual operation, visual reading, and cognitive processing (Bonner).

Accidents are financially costly to all parties involved. Car insurance can double when accidents are caused by phone usage. For drivers at fault in accidents, rates increased more than

$500 (Moore). The number of accidents determine car insurance rates for the area. With more accidents due to cell phones, rates have increased overall. All drivers are paying in some way for the irresponsibility of distracted drivers. Many states have passed laws to prohibit cell phone use while operating a car.

Using a cell phone while driving creates enormous potential for deaths and injuries on U.S roads. In the U.S., inappropriate phone use caused over one million car accidents (Edgar Snyder, n. a). Teen accidents with motor vehicle crashes involving fatalities were a result of distracted driving. When answering a text while driving, it takes your attention away for about five seconds. A great deal of things can happen in five seconds. Overcorrecting the car while on the phone has unfortunately been the cause of many fatalities. No conversation is worth human life

It goes without saying that cell phone use in any capacity while operating a vehicle is dangerous and threatens safety. Statistics support the reasoning for restriction of use while operating a motor vehicle. Distractions, higher insurance rates, and increased accidents and fatalities prove why cell phone use should be forbidden.

Works Cited

Bonner, Marianne. "Cell Phones and Other Driver Distractions."

www. thebalancesmb. com/cell-phones -and-other-driver-distractions-46 2423.

Updated April 4, 2019.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia Research Institute. "Teen Driver Statistics."

www. teendri versource. org/teen-crash-risks-preven tionlcar-acciden t-preventi onlbasic- facts­ about-teen-crashes.

Edgar Snyder and Associates. "Texting and Driving Accident Statistics."

www. edgarsnyd er. com/car-a ccidentlca use-of-accidenticel1-phone/ce ll-phone-statistics. html.

Moore, Ben. "How Much Car Insurance Rates Go Up After an Accident." www. nerdwallet. com/blog/insurance/how-much-car-insurance-quotes-rise-after-an­ accident-or-vio lation/. June 1, 2020.

--------         