A day a quite different than others. The symphony of children's laughter, as they sway their arms in harmony with the pace of their feet, while making their way to school. The crescendo of the birds serenading eachother with their dainty chirps. Inhaling fresh, sweet air. And not even the slightest echo of a car's vroom in the distance. VAUBAN, Germany, BOGOTA, Colombia, and even the global city Paris, are living the average american's greatest fear to clear up the atmosphere by limiting car usage. At least one day, without the convience of a vehicle to take you along your marry way.

Paris had a near-record pollution, and just days after the incident, the city enforced a partial driving ban to clear the city's air. Any motorist driving a vehicle with a license plate that contained the print of an even number, faced a 22-euro fine. Same punishment went for a motorist caught driving with an odd-numbered plate the following day. After just five days of the city's recovery from harsh smog, congestion went down 60 percent in the capital. Just goes to show that the slightest bit of effort can make quite a global impact. If only it could become a trend. Which brings me to introduce you to a prime example a trend that is currently growing in Europe.

Vauban, Germany, home to 5,500 residents, is an upscale community thriving with suburban pioneers, is a prime example of the type of community trying to make a difference, that is now trending. Where residents must pay a whopping fee of $40,000 for one space, in a large garage, at the edge of the only known car ownership. Forbidden street parking, driveways, and home garages is what makes that bill ever so large. Not a car is to be thought of while walking through the streets fresh air bombarded with bicyclists and walkers.

But what about the country who has a love affair with it's vehicles, The United States? Well, according to an analysis by Doug Shortof Advisor Perspectives, As of April 2013, the number of miles driven driven by Americans was at it's peak in 2005, and has durastically dropped thereafter. Transportation for America is a fast growing coalition of people in the US who are promoting, and supporting the communities that are less dependent on cars. David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America, stated that "All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change. How much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid."

Transportation for America isn't the only agency standing to make a difference, either. The Enviromental Protection Agency promotes communities with reduced car usage, and it's about time that legislators are cautiously starting to act upon this main contributor to the problems of pollution. At this rate, if the pattern persists, Sociologists have determined that all of this will have beneficial implications on the enviroment.

Knowing that it is possible with just the slightest bit of effort, don't you want to join in on saving mother nature?    