Have you ever needed help making a decisions and only gotten only one opinion on it and it didn't help you at all? People need other peoples experiences before making a decision. The benefits of getting multiple peoples opinion's or experiences are to help people make better decisions and help people know the cause and effect of the decision there about to make.

First, why getting multiple peoples opinion's to make better life decisions is to not make a mistake that will ruin your life like other people. For example, my dad was a smoker and almost ruin his life but his dad told what had happened to most of his friends. They had smoked and they had trouble breathing,lung infection. My dad stopped smoking cause he didn't want his life to go down hill and not be able to recover from his smoking habits. Second, why getting other peoples opinions to make better decisions are knowing the long term effects of a bad decision other people made. My brother wanted too go to a high school party with drugs and alcohol, but my dad said no because he told my brother what had happened to his friends and the experienced they had when they were alcoholics who partied, drank, smoked, and even gambled. Even though my dad didn't try it he knew the effects of smoking, drinking, and gambling but they didn't listen to him and most of them didn't last longer them 50 or even went broke or homeless cause of gambling. Last, why getting other peoples opinions helps make better decisions is to not make the same mistake other people make when they were our age. My dads friend was addicted to drag racing and would bet or gamble money. One time he was racing and sped pass a cop and got fined for 150$ and got his license suspended then a few days later he got caught again and went to jail for a few months. that's why getting other peoples opinion's is good to help people make better life decisions through out life.

First, why knowing the cause and effect of something will make the decision easier to make then not knowing the cause and effect of the bad decision. For example, my brothers friend posted a picture of himself at a club before going to a job interview the next day. The guy interviewing him asked if he can look at his social media to see pictures,tweets, and comments that he posted. He saw the picture of him at a night club drinking and getting drunk. That's why you think before you post something online cause it will come back to get you in the future. Next,why knowing the cause and effect of something is so it doesn't happen to you. My dad told me a story of of this guy he worked with named Generic_Name who told my dad his life story. He was a smart guy and had a bright future in front of him but he went to a party with a friend at a frat house. He wasn't watching his drink and someone drugged his drink and then someone recorded him getting high and wasted and the video went around college campus. He was kicked out of college and it was hard to recover from and he went back to live with his parents till he was able to get back on his feet because his parents never went to parties and they never told him about drugs or what could happen or occur at a party. Last, my dad told me about the time he tried alcohol he said it tasted disgusting but he felt like his problems went away but nobody told him the effects of alcohol and what it can do to you then he got drunk at work,got fired, and then got scolded by his parents after that my dad said he would do everything he can do to keep us away from drugs and alcohol cause of his past experiences.

This is why getting other peoples opinions are good cause you can get good advice that will lead you up a bright path to success and not failure in the future. That's why other peoples past experiences are helpful to make good or better decisions and help people know the cause and effect of a good or bad decision there about to make.    