Dear Senator,

If one could sum up the definition of the Electoral College in a few words, those words would be unessasary and room for error. The Electoral College was established by our fore fathers in the constution. Paragraph one in What is the Electoral College by the Office of the Federal Register states "A compromise between election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens." It is more than possible that a change in our voting system could better america in all kinds of ways.

I believe that the electoral College takes away the peoples opinion in a way just descreet enough to still call it a democracy. The people still vote and determine the overall outcome of the election, But with an electoral college, there is more then enough room for error. One argument aganist the Electoral College is in the very purpose of the system. The people votes go to an electors slate that share the same view as you, then they vote for a candidate. This is opposed to the peoples vote going directly to the candidate. This method of voting is if not purposeless then problematic. Electors can betrey your trust and vote for the opposite canadidate. A statement from Brandford Plumers' The Indefensible Electoral College says "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always."

In America our society is based off of freedom and the electoral college is not promoting it. Please keep in mind that the legislature is nearly compleatly responsable for choosing our electors. At any election they could defy the peoples choice. Excerp from The Indefensible Electoral states "back in 1960, segregationists in the louisana legislature neary succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." Electors have occasinally been know for simply refusing to vote for their party's candidate. If this is freedom to vote then there undoubtingly needs to be a change in the near future.

Scandles like the one thay occured in 1960 rarely happen, but whos to say that it could not happen in the future. Our presidental election is practically based off of trust in our goverment. The Electoral college does reconize voters from each region of the county but due to the way the system is set up, it does a poor job interpreting the votes of the people.

A quote from In Defence of the Electoral College by Richard A. Posner states "It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popluar vote" This happened as recently as the election of 2000 Then ask yourself what would really be the harm of ingoring the Electoral College. It only would make the outcome clearer.

The American elections differ from most countrys in the way that we are a democrecy. we the people can vote. we the people have individual voices that are the composition of the country. The elector college does not oppose this. But rather is opening the doors for coruption. Taking away the Electoral College and replacing it with popular vote, is simply clarifying the peoples decisions, and the peoples decisions is nothing less then America itself.                                    