Everyday or every other day people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. According to research cell phones are leading factors that cause accidents. Studies show that a cell phone put drivers at a four time greater risk of a crush. Despite of a danger, people still use cell phones because they want to be always available and keep in touch with other people. Also, they think that it is safe because they can drive using two hands or there knee at times . however, they use arguments that cell phones are necessary in emergency situations.

Although some people support using cell phones while driving, there are evidences that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving and that it can wait until they get home. people who work depends on a cell phone like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and scary situations like a collision or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that can lead to tragedy.

Because of the conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to lose control over the car. So if people don't make a decision to put away their cell phones their routine can harm innocent people and can also be harmful toward themself. I understand that people have a busy schedule and need to get around place but you can put that to aside and put your safety first .

that's the most important thing people forget they never think about what situation they can be in , if they don't watch the roads and be careful were they going because not only are they putting other people lives in dangerous , there also being put at risk. And some people have a family to go to and parents be expecting their kids to come home from school and work at times. And not to hear news from an officer that there child was in a terrible accident, Which is never good for any parents or anyone to hear.

I think drivers shouldn't use there phone because it's to risky for them not to focus on the road and they get distracted by other things on their and may end up losing control of their car because of something they could have avoided which some teenagers and adults should realize it can wait.   