School has notably been one of the best years of a person's life. It has provided people with lifelong friends, partners, and memories. Recently, however, there has been a group of people speaking out about how schooling from home is the better option. Students should get their education at school because interactive projects teach better than computer assignments, the student would acquire more social skills, and teachers would have a better opportunity to educate and connect with their students.

The first reason why students should attend school is because interactive projects teach better than computer assignments. Projects give the student the opportunity to break down the subject and really understand it. For example, a student might be assigned to create a model of a plant cell. The student would then have to start at the first part and have to understand what it looks like and what it does in order to make an accurate model. Computers provide only a picture with no opportunity to understand the subject on a physical level. School is also the only place a student would be able to complete a physical project because there is no way to turn it in from home. As one can see, interactive projects educate a student better than a computer assignment.

The second reason why students should attend school is so they develop or improve their social skills. At home, there is nobody to socialize with. School is, of course, full of people that matches the student's age and interests. Conversing with others teaches children what to say, what not to say, and how to act. The social skills they learn can be directly used to make connections with friends or coworkers later in life. These skills are essential to living a happy and healthy adult lifestyle. It is obvious that attending school would teach students better social skills than staying at home.

The last reason students should attend school is so teachers have more of an opportunity to teach and connect than the student being at home. Many people would say that one of their teachers from school was a major influence on their life. At school, teachers can connect face to face, and through that strong bond, more learning will happen. The computer at home would make it seem that the teacher is just another program and they would not be as motivated. Teachers would also be more motivated to teach well in front of a classroom rather than a computer camera. It is apparent that students attending school will give the teachers a better opportunity to teach and connect with the students.

The main point made by the opposition is that learning from home is not as stressful as getting up, getting dressed, and going to school on time. These exact tasks teach students how to be timely and responsible. These two skills will be needed in order to maintain a job as an adult and even when their still in school. Learning from home will not support these skills nearly as much as they need to be. It is also important to learn how to access these skills when stressed, so the little stress a student endures at school is actually beneficial to them.

Students should be required to attend school because hands-on projects allow a student to learn more than an assignment on the computer, attending school provides the student the opportunity to gain social skills, and the teachers could connect and educate students more than through a screen. The future of America starts in every school, not home. School is necessary to ensure that society keeps moving forward. If the adults of tomorrow are not taught correctly, than the impact would be bigger than just an individual. Communities should urge their school districts to discontinue this poor education plan, and fully implement the requirement to attend school and learn along side their peers who will change the world for the better. 