Asking for advice is definitely the way to go in some situations. Many kids look up to adults as role models and for good advice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by giving them different views on things. Advice is the best way for children to learn how to make good choices and not let anything bad possibly happen.

Some examples would be going through body changes such as puberty. When kids go through puberty, a lot happens and they might get stressed out. So family and close friends of theirs will be there to give advice or anything the children need. Some teenagers need help from family or close friends on getting advice after going through a breakup. Going through breakups isnt easy and loved ones will always be there to help him or her. Some kids like to get advice from a teacher on how to prepare well for a test coming up. They do not want to fail so they make sure the teacher gives them some sort of extra practice. Teenagers that are getting ready to become an adult should get advice from both parents on life skills that they should know for when they do become an adult, so they won't be as stressed out.

More examples would be if you know someone that is possibly at risk or in danger and you don't know what to do, you should go to a trusted adult and talk to them, so they can help make sure nothing bad will happen to that person. People of all ages like get advice from anyone on what to wear, to make sure they are dressed appropriately for wherever they are going, and to make sure they look good. Teenagers that applied for an interview to get a job might want to ask both parents for advice on how to act, what to say, what to wear, and how to prepare themselves for that interview. Getting opinions from both parents will help provide enough information to do well. Even parents like to get advice from other parents for different point-of-views on new cooking recipes to try out, or better cooking techniques, or new cooking tools to use.

Getting opinions on certain situations helps so much more than trying to figure it out yourself. Adults, family members, and close friends will always be there to give advice to you whenever you need it, and it's important to get advice so you don't make a bad choice or mess something up. Never be scared to ask anyone for advice because they will just want to help you and not make you feel ashamed or worthless. Different people have different thoughts on situations and each input will help a lot. From all of these examples, that's why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.            