Students should be able to design their own summer project because, it give them a chance to have something to look forward to in the summer. Also it would help them get a chance at experiencing their own creativity. Students would be able to have that feeling that they are able to take on the responsibility. They would be able to learn more if they can designed it all on their own. For must students they dont really look forward to doing project but if you give them a chance to do it on their own they might get into it.

First, designing your own project as a student it give you something to look forward to in the summer. Most students stay home for the summer with nothing to do. So, if you give a student a chance to design their own project for the summer it give them a chance to do something. Students would be able to explore more if they design their own project. With exploring their not sitting at home eating a bag of chips watching Netflix they are actually being active and moving around.

Although, most teachers believes it is a bad idea for students to design they own project because they believe they will not take it seriously. It actually the opposite half of any schools in the world may have students who is into art or into designing things. It would give students a chance to express their own creativity. Most students love the thought of making their own projects. They would learn more and discover more with making their own project and designing it the way that they prefer it to be.

Also, letting students design their won project would let them discover more. With discovering they are able to learn more and see thing that they never seen. Example say your in are and you art teacher give you a summer project. And that project is to take a pic of what you think expresses people in the world. You would have to get out your comfort zone to do that like going outside. it would also be a better way to communicate with people to gain information for your project.

Furthermore, teachers would want for their students to take on that responsibility to prove that they are ready to work for their grade. It would also give kids the feeling that they are capable of taking on the responsibility of proving to there teacher next year that they are responsible. Kids have a hard time showing that they can do stuff in a responsible manner. So, giving kids that responsibility of designing their project it's letting them know that it is their job to make sure they have everything they need for the project and knowing that they are capable of doing that. It would teach kids that even though it is summer your still able to learn and have responsibilities.

With that being said it is a good idea for kids to be able to design their own summer project because they are still learning. And they would have something to look forward to when summer comes. It would be a great way to experience their creativity. Also, students are able to prove to themselves and teacher that they are responsible. Letting students design their own project could give them a chance to discover and have a chance to express their own creativity.