Dear principal,

I disagree that students should have a B average to play in sport. Students should be able to have a c average and still is able to play in sports because some sports are reasons students stay in school, everybody isn't "excellent" at school and can't maintain any grade higher that a C, and because without sports students may not even try to maintain their C average they might just flunk. This is why i think that students should be able to have a C average and still be eligible to play sports.

Students should be able to play sports with a C average because sometimes sports are the reason children stay in school anyway. Some children wants to become professional in basketball, baseball, soccer, etc.. but they know they cant do it without proper education so that why they stay in school. If they change the system to were you have to have an B average to play sports and the C average athlete will just feel that there is no purpose for school and just drop out. They will drop out dude to the fact that they feel as if their dreams has been crushed and that they have no future hope because they cant get that B average that is mandatory.

Also, students should be able to play sports with an C average because not everybody can maintain a B average. Just because people go to school that doesn't mean that they were that "star student"! It doesn't mean that they got an A or B on every test, sometimes they aren't the best and even were they are at their best. When you get an

C that means your average your not the best and your not the worse, so why not be able to play sports? You have to at least knowledge the fact that they are trying and persevering trying to make it to the top.

Students sometimes live around sports. Sports are some students life. Why take that away from them because they are one grade down from being "perfect"? Some students might just be like "who cares about school now that i cant play my sports". Public school systems cannot have students flunking their grades and just not caring all because they can't play sports. If sports are getting our students on the right track even thought they have a C average then don't take away their sports because they have a C average. If anything teacher, principals, parents, and etc.. should be helping that student strive for that B average or that A

average not taking away what they love. It wont do anything but make them angry and just give up .

As one can see, I disagree with the idea that students shouldn't be able to play sport even though they have an C average. I say this because sports are reasons students stay in school, everybody isn't "excellent" at school and can't maintain any grade higher that a C, and because without sports students may not even try to maintain their C average they might just flunk. In all, this is the reason why i disagree with having to have a C average to participate in outside activities.