"All of our development since world war II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." Mr. Goldberg an official of transportation for America, a growing coalition to promote car frees communities said. The world is changing for the better and one of the machines man created, that is one of the world changing invenions of it's time is coming down for it's throne is the car. So what are the reasons for not getting a car? lets find out.

In Germany, that is coming faster than people think. An idea called "Smart planning' is taking hold in an exprimental town bulit in 2006 named Vauban. A place were cars are a thing of the past. People everyday are not driving to school or work they are walking, bicycling, or taking the tram into the town from the suburb. Smart planning is revoultionary buliding towns to not be dependent on driving. 70% of Vauban's famlies do not own car and are much happier to not have the everyday anxiteys of driving a motor engine car everyday. 57% sold there car just to move into the small town of Vauban. Car free suburbs and town are a growing trend all across Europe, the united states and many more nations. These efforts have been making cities, towns, and suburbs denser so you don't have to go far to get some milk and eggs.

The global warning is a huge part of the fight to make the earth our home more better and healthier for generations and generations to come. Cars emit gas emissions that make up 12% of the greenhouse gases in our enviroment, up to 50% percent in car-intensive areas in the United States and around the world.

France, Paris having heavy smog decided to have a partial ban on driving making even numbered license plates not drive or fear a fine. Congestion went down after the experiment. What was to blame for the smog was the Diesel fuel being used in most cars because of the fact that a tax policy favors diesel fuel over gasoline. Paris having more smog than the typical capital had a decrease in congestion and the citiy after enormous victory decided to go at it again and do odd numbered license cars.

The car culture is one the has had enormous effect on the everyday lives citizens around the world. In the United states, "Recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." In America where the car culture has turned us into the number one place in the world to find the history of one of the planets world changing innventions. People want a greener earth and benifits of not owning a car because everybody knows the stress of having a car no matter ho much it helps you. The car in which you have to have insurance, life insurance, car payments, you have to keep up with your car, the dangers associated with having a car and stress plus anxiety that comes with a car. The cons outweight the pros but those pros have an enormous effect. People are changing and the percentile of teenagers and young adults have droped ten fold in getting or renewing a license. The new trend is that people are no longer getting cars or licenses so why should you.

The people of planet earth understand the pros or cons of a car the benifits of not diving and are making for that change. One of the worlds greatest innventions is stepping off there throne. So why will you not get a car?    