I believe the author supports his claim that studying Venus is a worthy cause despite the dangers it presents by stating ways it could benefit the human race. I see the author use many examples of how exploring Venus will help the human race now and in the future. I think the author really believes that exploring Venus is a worthy cause.

The author states that "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This is one of his many reasons why we should explore Venus, because in the future it could possibly be our new home. The author also states that "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various types of life." This is yet another example the author presents to show why Venus is so worthwhile. So one of the main reasons the author believes Venus is a worthy cause despite its dangers, is because in the future it could possibly be our new home.

The author also states that

"human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." The author means if we can get past the challenges of Venus it will allow us to face other challenges in the future. The author tells us that we should "not be limited by dangers and doubts," and that we should explore into the "very edges of imagination and innovation." The author wants Venus to just be a stepping stone in our long journey of challenges. The author wants it to be something we overcome and get past so we can explore and learn new things.

Even with the many dangers the auhtor stated we can all see exploring Venus is a worthy pursuit. Dangers such as: 800 degree weather, the atmospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than Earths, and the sulfuric acid clouds are some of the many challenges preventing us from exploring Venus close up. To overcome these the author hints at a need for stronger materials and a way to survive the temperatures and pressures in such an environment . But the author has hope that we will figure all of this out. The author even states that a material called silicon carbide has been tested in conditions such as Venus's and have shown to last up to three weeks. He also states that we are thinking of using old mechanical computers to send to Venus because they can be made more durable. So the authors hope for exploring Venus close up may be made into a reality.

So in conclusion the authors support of his belief that studying Venus is a worthy cause despite the dangers it presents are strong and have many benefits. The author believes it will benfit us now and in future endeavors. There are many promising technologies being developed for this specific reason. There may be hope for exploring Venus afterall.