Dear principal,

The policy of having to have at least a grade B average to play sports has just been presented to the school. This idea of not allowing students to play sports unless they have a grade B average in my opinion is a good idea. This will show students that they need to work hard to do something they love to do. This will show discipline and regulation. In some ways this could also be a bad idea. Students can't play because of their grades and the teams will be small or there won't be any teams at all but, this is the price students have to pay to be able to compete in sports and have good grades.

First off this can show students that they need to worker harder. By making them have to meet a certain criteria can show that if you want to do something you have to work for it. This can demonstrate that in the future you have to be a hard worker to succeed in something you want to do. This can also help the student body in becoming a more intelligent group of people. This can boost test score and put more students into more advanced classes.

The second reason this can help the students is that there is regulation and discipline. To not work hard can show that there is consequences. In this case, the consequence is not be able to compete in sports. If the students are determined to play the sport they will harder and the consequence will be gone. This can also come back around having a school to having better test scores.

The last reason this is a good idea is that, if the school can't compete in certain sports because of small teams or even no teams at all will make the student work harder to compete. This can cause the school to lose sports and the students will not want that so they have to work harder to get the school's teams to become the best again. This can also help in the long run. All the students who compete in the sport will have to keep that grade up if they want to play.

In conclusion, this policy of students who play sports have to have a grade B average can help the school in many ways. It can boost the test scores by a large percent. The students will be determined to have a certain grade to play in sports. This will show discipline by demonstrating that if you don't work hard you can't do what you want. This can also boost test scores throughout the school and put more students in more advance classes. Overall this can help many things like grades and test scores. In my opinion this is a great way to help the students.