To begin with, imagine never going to school again. Most seven hour school days are wasted away due to many interfering factors, so schools should offer online courses for students to prevent wasted time. Although taking online classes will not be beneficial because some classes require a teacher present, schools should offer more online classes because students can get their work done faster, students can work at their own pace, and students can have more time for recreational activities.

Firstly, working at home has many advantages for students because they can get their work done faster than they would in a school environment. School environments can be distracting because of annoying bell rings and loud students, and sometimes it is just best to avoid all distractions and stay at home to do work. Students can work faster because they do not have to wait for the other students in their class to finish their work. Students are more productive because they can move on whenever they feel like they are ready to, accomplishing more. Also, students will not have to drive to school or walk to class saving time that could have been used to get work done. The extra 30 or 40 minutes saved from traveling could be used to do a whole classes work for the day, making taking classes online so much more worthwhile for the student. A home environment helps students stay focused and less distracted because school environments have so much going on it is hard to hone down on school work. Overall, attending classes from home is beneficial to get work done right and fast.

In addition, another benefit from online school is working on a self created pace. Some students work slower or faster than others and can not succeed properly in a school. For the slower students, they can take the extra time by having long period breaks to rest and to understand the topics to their full extent. And for the fast students, they can advance ahead and potentially complete their classes early in order to either move on to the next subject or move on to college early. Another reason to have online classes is for students that want to have long summer breaks or move on to an occupation if they manage their time right. Since students that work from home can create their own pace to follow, it is beneficial to offer online classes to accommodate every type of student that goes one school.

Lastly, since students can finish all their work fast, they will have more time for recreational activities to broaden and strengthen their mind outside of class work. The extra time allows for more family bonding. For example, most students do not get home until 4:00pm, and if the student plays a sport, they do not get home until around 6:00pm or 7:00pm. This leaves hardly any time for talking or bonding with their parents, so if online classes are taken by the student, then there will be more time to create a healthy relationship with their parents. Also some families take far, long trips out of the US, causing in school students to get way behind in their classes or even fail them. Thus taking online classes are beneficial to these families to keep their kids educated. Some students already have professions that interfere with school hours. For example, PROPER_NAME is in high school and she is a professional surfer that is constantly traveling abroad for competitions. Her surfing profession has caused her to miss a tremendous amount of school her junior year. The following year, her school offered online classes allowing her to maintain her grades, as well as surf to her best ability. For this reason, schools need to offer online classes to allow students to travel and continue their professions, as well as bond with their families.

In conclusion, schools should offer online classes because they can benefit students by allowing them to work faster, allowing them to work at their own pace, and allow them to focus more on their professions or hobbies while still getting educated. A prediction for the future is that students will be overall more productive and schools everywhere will have the technology to accommodate online students. Ask your school if they offer any online classes and apply for them next year for a better, more productive year.