Driveless cars are an excellent idea. In the article it says that the cars would use half the fuel of today's taxis, and would offer far more flexibilty than a bus. There are many complications when it comes to driving any type of car. You hear a lot about car accidents, deaths, injuries and much more. What they are trying to do is create a safer car. I think this is a great thing because we would be using less fuel, the driver would be more focused, and it will make driving safer.

Everyday we go through so much fuel to get around. We are hurting the enviroment tremendously, and something needs to be done about it. It seems that it would also be cheaper to drive a smart car. We depend on cars more than anything to get us around, so why not make something that saves us money? People would feel at ease while driving too. However, driveless cars are not completely driverless.

These cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all of the cars are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills. This will definatley keep people aware of whats going on around them; new drivers espcially. The smart car will keep you alert at all times; which most normal cars lack today. After a while people get so used to driving that they do not pay attention. This makes the road a dangerous place. GM has created a sensor to let you know when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The seat will vibarte, and the Google car will announce to the driver to take over. Manufacturers are considering using cameras to watch the drivers to see if they are doing what they are supposed to do.

Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver, says, "We have to interpret driving in a new fun way." Some manufacturers hope to bring information systems that use heads-up displays. In this way, the in-car system is safer, and safety is a big concern. Another safety feature is a special sensor that makes the driver keep hold of the wheel.

With many manufacturers working to improve these cars, and to help make them safe; it will turn out to be a huge step in the world. Smart cars have come a long way. Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved. Manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe. It is amazing how we can make technology, and even better when it has a positive outcome. They should definatley continue improving these cars because of less fuel usage, drivers would be more focused and alert, and it will make driving safer and easier. They are still growing with ideas; they are getting closer and closer to their destination each day.