Today, there are advance technology in the society such as computers, cars, cell phones, and etc but no one ever tried to develop an driverless cars. Today in our society, many people tried to develop new technologies because things are getting more advanced an effective. Driverless cars are one of their plan, where the cars has sensors and know what to do. I agree the development of driverless cars because the cars uses less fuel, less car accidents, and there is still alert in the car.

The driverless cars should be develop and introduced to the soiety because the cars uses less fuel than the cars we used today. The text states, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis." From this example we can tell that the cars is great because they used less fuel than the the cars we sued today. Thus, people do not have to worried about they will ran out the fuel when they're driving. Most of the people loved to use cars that used less fuels because they do not have to spend much money on the fuel. The text also states, "Offer far more flexibility than a bus." This example shows that the driverless cars have more rooms than a bus. People to sit in a place where there is not croweded because it's comfortable. Driverless cars solved the overcroweded the problem because it got more spaces. Thus, I agree the development of the cars.

While the driverless cars used less fuel, the cars can drive million miles without a crash. The text states, "Their cars have driven more than half million miles without a crush." This example tells us that the car is safer than the cars we drive today. If a car can drive million miles without any crashing then we considered it's an great car because most of the cars were not safe and it gets into car accident very often.

The most important is that there are still alert in the car. The text states, "...Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of hallways." This example shows that when there is something happened to the car, the cars will alert the driver that there is something going on but most of the cars do not have that kind of technique. Second, the text states, "Dealing with comlicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." This example shows that when there is an major accidents or traffic issues then the car will alert you to move out the car quickly before anything happened. In other hand, people disagree to develop the driverless cars. The text states, "Why would anyone want a driverless cars that still needs a driver?" They claimed that the driverless cars should do everything by itself instead having the dirver controlling it. They think there is no difference if we use a normal car. I disagree with them because it's safer if we have a real driver in the car, they'll prevent anything bad happened.

Driverless cars can have more advanced technique in the future when there are more people supporting it. Thus, we should not give up on developing the cars because the cars uses less fuel, less car accidents, and there are still alert in the car that helped people to know what happened.     