In my essay i will be telling you the advantages of limiting car usage. I am going to state facts from the the 1 st source through the 4th source.

In the 1st source one good fact they talked about was the greenhouse gas. They talked about how they can drastically reduce it. They all ready did it in the suburbs of Germany. There is a place there were you can not have a car and there are no drive ways no streets as a result more then 70 percent of vauban families do not own cars. And 57 percent sold there cars to move there. Even the environmental Protection Agency is promonting "car reduced" communities, and legislators are starting to act, if cautionsly. Some more advantages is it will be a healther place in the world because of less toxic gases.

In the 2nd source they took action and this takes place in paris. They passed a law were if your license plates were even numbered they were ordered to leave thier cars home or suffer a 31 dollar fine same goes for the odd numbers the next day. And if the dont pay there car gets impounded. They prefer to use diesel over gas because its better for the car. One fact is that it will give you less smog.

In the 3rd source there advantage is less pollution. It was the 3rd straight year were they banned cars. All they had was taxis, buses, bikes and, skateboards. Its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. For the first time two other colombian cities Cali and Valledupar joined the event.

In the 4th source there ideas were to get rid of cars in genrell. At the mobile world congress last year in Barcelona, Spain, Bill Ford, executive chairman of the ford motor comany, laid out a business plan for a world in which personal vehicle ownership is impractical or undesirable. He proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which "pedestrain, bikes, private cars, commercial and publictransportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety."                  