If we think about it, this software is actually a big help for the schools and such. If we see our friend is in a bad mood then we can talk to them or find out why. I think this system can actually really help us but not only us but our teachers as well. The system digs deep into our muscles and will understand our whole face. It will indicate actions, emotions and feelings so that could help our friends if they are wondering why we are in a happy mood or a bad mood.

Our friends are really helpful at times so if our friend is feeling down or is happy about something we should have the right to know. According to Dr. Huang the software can tell us many things about a persons mood or what they are really feeling like. Knowing if a person is down or happy we can talk to them and ask what is going on, why are you sad or why are you so happy. By the computer telling us how a person is feeling will be so valubale because it shows us how big our technology is getting and by us knowing that we know there is going to something bigger than that later on in the future so now all we would do is wait for something bigger.

This software would be very helpful fot our own teachers because they could take us to the computer get our face to the computer and indicate if we aare bored or not. If she does this while she is teaching lesson and finds out we are confused then she can change her ways in teaching that lesson so we can actually understand it and if the teacher knows we are in a happy mood then she knows we understand the material or atleast thats why we are happy.

The Facial Acting Coding System would be a really good thing for us so we ned to get it attachted to our school software. All together it would help our friends and teachers. Espically the teachers because they would know what to do to teach us better so would understand the material that they want us to learn and the system would be a genuine thing. Not only would this help with teaching and understanding but for our friends that have depression, we would know when there emotions are hurting or when they are in a hurting place and we could help them by this software being a thing. People with depression never show it and we understand that but we could atleast do something about that and that is helping them and being there for them.