Summer project to assure students continue to learn is a great idea, the projects however, should be teacher-designed. A teachers job is to assure that the students are learning. The teachers meet all the criteria to design the project to be specific to what they are learning or will learn, educational, and a valuable learning experience. Students loose a lot of what the have learned during the school year, this makes summer projects important. When keeping up with skills acquired over the school year, teachers are more likely to design the summer project to be effective in keeping up with academic skills than students.

Teachers care about their students education and helping them succeed in the future is the goal

.

Teachers set the requirements for their class. Therefore,

they can make the project specific to what they are learning next year. For example, when enrolling in AP Lang you are required to read a certain book and write a report over the summer. When school starts you focus on the topic of the book for that unit. This teacher based project was specific to what the students learned, educational, and a valuable learning experience for that subject at hand. This project assured that students continued to learn over the summer and was big help when they started school up again.

Teachers put more effort into designing projects, making sure they meet requirements,are up to date on the subject, and will challenge a student.

They will not make the project easy like something students can finish in a week or something they can look up online. The purpose of the project is that the students continue learning. For example, in the book

The Great Gatsby

, Gatsby lies all the time like where he is from, all the great adventures he has been on etc. Gatsby says " I lived in the middle west for a great time" and Nick ask where, he the states "Generic_City". This shows that lying will not get you far but doing the work and telling the truth will.

Students are lazy and since it is there summer time they will not spend too much time on a project they design themselves. They will try to lie their way out of it like Gatsby. When keeping up with skills acquired over the school year, teachers are more likely to design the summer project to be effective in keeping up with academic skills than students. Summer projects projects are important and should not be taken lightly, to succeed and go on to higher education, a teacher is the best person to trust when creating a project.         