I think that driverless cars are a great idea but are not yet a safe one. What happens if soembody gets in a car wreck while being in the driverless car? I'd sure hate to be the manufacturer of that car because I'd be losing a lot of money. Driverless cars arent a bad idea I mean, there can be many pros and cons, but no one is ever 100% sure that their idea is as good as it needs to be before they can sell it to people, especially when a human being would be putting their lives in the responibility of a man made machine.

Driverless cars can be good for many, mainly working people on the road. Say you are a business man/woman and have tons of work to do because your company or business relies on you to make your people look good. Well, theres been a bit of an interfence with your work and didn't have time, but on your way to work you can focus on paper work and anything else that is required and have it done while another co-worker had not completed their paper work on th ewy to work. All because you own a driverless car and can getg more done. But when you think about the cons of riding in a driverless car you get to thinking, "well what if I'm focusing on business work and my driverless car crashes?" Who will be responsible? The manufacturer of course, because there was some type of malfunction where the car doesn't respond correctly to the surroundings. Would you put your life in the programming of a driverless car? Yes, they'll save lots of time and money but how much more would the damages cost to trust a driverless car to get you places safely?

In many cases I guess you can say that riding in a driverless car would come in handy. Maybe they arent the best for the roads, but what about using them for tours around the city or maybe creating them to travel only at neighborhood speeds? I'm sure the manufacturers will find a more safe use for driverless cars or possibly a different type of driverlesss automobile. In the beginning, middle, and end I still think in my head that driverless cars are never going to be a legitimate guaranteed safety vehicle. 