Election by popular vote would be a much better system because Electoral Collge can be unpredictable and is an unfair method of voting for voters.

To begin, The Electoral College isn't always predictable. In the article

Does the Electoral College Work states "laws vary on how the electors are selected and what their responsibilites are." This shows that Electors from every state may not be chosen correctly or by trustworthy sources. These Electors may also have different requirements to do their job or how to become an elector, so states will may have diffrent respones from their electors. Another example of this is shown in

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong which states "Electors could always defy the will of the people." This demostartes that the people who vote for these electors can easily be betrayed by the people they voted for. At any point of time these electors that should be voting for the candidate they are chosen to can change their mind and vote for whomever they please. Clearly, the electors for the Electoral College can be unpredictable and by the time are chosen it may be too late this is why we must change to popular vote.

In Adddition, The Electoral College is an unfair method of voting for voters. In the article

The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong it states "Candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance winning." This shows that candidates aren't even going to certain states because they believe the Electoral College points won't be given to them. This is unfair to voters because they can't even make a proper decison on the president because they may only see one candidate. So this entire state is not fully informed on the election and may chose the wrong candidate when there may be one that shares more of their beliefs in the election. Futhermore, in the article

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep ur despised method of choosing the President it states "The Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state." This explains that potential voters may not vote because they know that candidate will most likely not win for their state. Depending on what type of people there are in that region (race, religion, political point of view) they may not vote on a certain candidate. So most voters know their one vote probably wouldn't make a diffrence. If we had popular vote everyone would have say in who is chosen for our president.

To conclude, We should change to popular vote because by using the Electoral College we allow unpredictable people to vote for entire states and inable voters to have an unfair election.         