Dear Principal,

The policy change in my opinion is unfair. Some students may love to play sports, or participate in music, or art. The change is not fair only to the students, but to the school too.

I agree that the students should have to work hard to be eligible for said reasons, but not every student is not entirely great at their academic studies. The overall grade average is a C, but now that it's a B, not all of the students can participate at the event for said reasons.

Sports is one of the biggest after school curricular, and it would be a shame for the majority of students to be ineligible for sports if their grade average is a C. Granted there might be some kids who don't really care about what grades they get, so in turn the student wouldn't be affected by removal of sports activities. But, on the other hand, there are other students that are so head-on about sports, and would be devastated if not eligible for sports. I myself know people that are very passionate about football, basketball, and mainly soccer, and they just can't be away from the sport.

Art is another big after school curricular. There are students that are so passionate about art, that it helps express what they feel, or what they think about inside. Art is a fun activity to do in school because, it's the students' chance to get away from any problems that they have in school, out of school, or anywhere else. Art cannot only be just a choice of after school curriculums, but a heads-on passion. I myself am very passionate about art, because one I'm good at it, and two it allows me to embrace my inner creativity, and show others what I'm capable of (art wise).

But the argument doesn't only stop at art or sports, this could affect kids who are in music. Music is another way for students to release any tensions, or express emotions, or thoughts. Passion is the main drive for kids in what they do, whether it be sports, or music. Kids are given the opportunity , and then it's soon taken away because of the policy. I know there might be some students who can attain a grade average of a B or even an A, but not all students would be able to maintain such a grade average.

Not only could this upset some students, but also some parents. If most of the students can only maintain a C average, then I'm sure some parents might be upset.

It is for these reasons, that I strongly disapprove of the new policy, and recommend that you should keep the policy the way it should be. Like I said before, passion is the main drive for kids in what they do. Don't take away what the students love to do. Thank you for your time, and thank you