Twenty five years ago, NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling Mars. While snapping photos of possible landing sites, it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. The head is nearly two miles from end to end and seemed to be staring back at the cameras from a region of the Red Planet called Cydonia. This head formation is just a natural landform on Mars. On the otherhand, some people think that NASA would rather hide the fact that it could be life on Mars, say conspiracy theorists.

The face on Mars is a natural land form. The article states that, "Although few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact, photographing Cydonia became a priority for NASA when Mars Global Surveyor arrived at the Red Planet in September 1997, eighteen long years after the Viking missions ended." This shows that pictures would be taken to prove that the landform is indeed a natrual landform. The text also states that, "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the face first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." This peice of text shows proves that with the pictures, the head is a natural landform. These text peices show that the face is a natural landform on Mars.

The land formation on Mars is was not created by aliens. The article states that, "On April 8, 2001-a cloudless summer day in Cydonia-Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. 'We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the field of view, Mailin's team an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." The text also states that, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size, so if there were any objects in this picure like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" These text peices show that the pictures would have caught any signs of alien incounters so these prove that the natrual landform on Mars was not created by aliens.

Some say that the face has been created by aliens and that it is not a natural landform. The article states that, "But not everyone was satisfied. The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it ws winter in April '98-a cloudy time of year on the Red planet. The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." These text peices show that since it was a cloudy time, the alien markings weren't revealed which makes them believe that the face was created by aliens. However, new pictures were taken and shows that if there was alien markings, they would have been noticed which goes to show that the face is a natural landform.

In conclusion, 25 years ago, a face had been seen on Mars by pictures from the Vinking that is a natural landform and looks similar to a human face. Some say that the landform was created by aliens, but there is proof that aliens had no part in the formation what so ever. Few scientists believe that it's a alien artifact but with pictures, alien markings would have been noticed. The Face on Mars is just a natural landform.