Have you ever needed help with something and went to a friend? Seeking for help isn't a bad thing many people do this for life's biggest decisions and life's smallest decisions. It doesn't show a sign of weakness it just shows that you are willing to go the extra mile to get something perfect or to get other person's point of view. Most question are people trying to ask for a perfect answer or your opinion on something.

Have you ever been scared to ask someone about something and are scared about what they're going to say. Well don't be, reaching out for help is why some of the smarter people in the world know what they know because when they were in school they probably ask a lot of questions and there is never to many questions to ask. Asking questions is one of the most helpful things to do in school to, some kids just from asking one question could learn so much more then what they already knew.

Once a kid ask a question he'll be more comfterable asking many more questions. This could help kids out in the long run helping them ask questions when there in collage when they most need to ask questions. Questions help and you shouldn't stop asking them they help out in the most important times in life and some of the less important times, either way you should always ask questions.

In conclusion, I think you should always ask questions even if you think there dumb questions still ask them the person your asking might think otherwise and it might actually help you out a lot. Don't be scared to ask questions too they are one of the most important things in life to know how to do. Most scientist ask at least 10 questions a day at the minimum; and a teacher shouldn't laugh at you for asking a serious simple question or they shouldn't be a teacher, teachers are there for answering those simple/complex questions you have. Don't be afraid to let you opinion out.                                                                                                                        