Due to the new advances in technology over the last decade, students have been able to do online learning or video conferencing straight from their home without having to be in a classroom full of other students. I think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing because not every student is given the opportunity to be in an actual classroom, so the next big thing would be to do it online, and students are able to find a way to get an education while having it work into their schedule.

One reason why students would benefit from an online learning is because it gives students the opportunity to learn if that is something they want to do. There are students who are very passionate to learn something new everyday, and online learning would just expand their possibilities and their knowledge of new things. Sometimes students want to explore their new interests, and could be there possibility to learn more about it, and maybe pursue that career if they'll like. For example, my older brother works as a nurse, but he has interest of learning how to be a tourist so he is taking online classes. Later, he'll learn a couple languages and some other things and he'll become a tourist and show other people around countries.

Student's online classes could work around their schedule and make it fit them better is another reason why online learning would benefit students who could either live far away from that school, don't have the time to go there in person, or have other things they need to do. Students can get their online assignments done while still being to do other things like hanging out with friends or family, going to the gym, work, traveling, cleaning or if there is something new they want to learn. For example, what if a student is in the hospital because they're extremely ill, so they usually stay at the hospital for the doctors to take care of them, gave them their medicines, and see if their pressure is good. The student won't physically be in the classroom. Taking the class online would benefit since they are not going to be missing any work compared to being at an actual classroom where they would miss most of the classes, and then have to catch up whenever they return if they can.

On the other hand, there are some downsides to why online schooling wouldn't be beneficial for students. They wouldn't have the one on one conversations with the professors if they happened to have a question or a concern about a lecture or assignment. If students do online learning, then they wouldn't be able to interact with their classmates as often. Students wouldn't have been able to collaborate their thoughts or ideas with someone else and receive their thoughts and their ideas to make think otherwise, from another point of view. Also, students already spend excessive amount of time on screens, and online schooling would increase that amount. Another reason, by staying at home, students may have a lot of distractions; for example, if they have any pets, chores to do, and there's a possibility that no one is going to be with them to tell them to get off their phones like teachers do it.

Online learning benefits students because students are able to do it on their own time, and they can expand their knowledge of wanting to learn more without the hassle of leaving their home. After all, technology nowadays can help students take online classes whenever they can. Although it may have its downsides, it has more benefits than negatives which is why it's an easier way of learning for the students who need it. 