Voting, one of the most American things I can thing of. This is a democracy, and we have the right to vote for our leader, but not really. There is a thing called the Electoral College, and the electors that you vote for actually vote for the president. Although this does not seem fair, it is a great system. Almost every time your state votes for an Elector, he picks the President that your state wants. So it really is a great deal.

My opponents belive that the president should be voted by popular vote, but i disagree. Richard Posner, writer for slate magizine writes that this method is non-democatic, and should be overruled(source 3, paragraph 15). Although you are not actuially voting for president, you are voting for who votes for president. This method equals out the playing field for states. Insted of all the power going to states like California or Texas. Presidents have to fight for every state. Posner also writes, sometimes the person with the popular vote will not win the election, like in 2000(source 3, paragraph 16). Although this was a huge disaster, it was the first time something like this has happened since 1888. Also, 4 years later George Bush won the election again, but for real.

Some may say that America is not filled with the smartest, or brightest people. So you belive that we should hold the fate of who will be president in the hands of an adult who cant spell his own name. Someone ike that has as much power as a guy who has watched every debate, and has done research. So by voting for a democrate elector, your state will vote for a democratic president, if your state votes in a republican elector, then your state will vote for a republican president. It is as simple as that.

The Electoral college provides a point system for every state. the biggest are California with 55, and Texas with 38. The smallest are the Dakotas, and they each are worth 3 points. The point system is based on population, and how many representitives you have. One of the best parts of this is that every state get attencion. Without this system, the candidates would only go to campien at the highest populated states. Then this would cause the smaller states to think that their votes don't matter, and then one day we are going to have a bad guy as our leader.

In conclusion, I belive the Electoral College is a great system, and I hope it lives on. Although it is not really Democratic, it still is a better system than what my oppents belive we should do. This gives us a certantity of oucome, a president that everyone supports, swing states, big states, and helps to avoid run-off elections. So Senator, if you back the Ellectoral College, maybe we will vote you as our next President.                                                         