Personally i agree with the principals decision to have all the students participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Depending on the activity chosen you could have a lot of fun doing these activities, can help you relax and focus, and help for a long term like trying to get a job or giving a better look to your self due to that extracurricular activity.

Depending on the activity that you do can help you relax and help you focus more during stressful times. these activities could be dancing, playing an instrument or simply reading. The activities are designed so that you could be as calm and focused as possible. The reason that these activities that i stated maybe relaxing to most students is the fact that it could help them go into their own world and escape what could possibly be going on in their life.

Another good reason to do an extracurricular activity is that you could have a lot of fun doing some of these activities. for instance doing the school council or maybe helping a teacher could be fun depending on said students interests. But then there are the students whom find playing a sport witch is great too! It can help keep them active and feeling good.

The last and probably the most important reason that you should do an extracurricular activity is that it can help in the long run. these activities will show up on your job application and possibly your resame in the future. Another way it could help in the future is that it could help by giving you skills that others might not have therefor, giving you the one up on getting that position in the job field they would like to go in.

I feel like the principal did this so that we could succeed in life and say that al the students he\she had had can and will succeed with flying stars. these activities could help us relax and focus more so that we could do well in and out of school. they can allow us to have fun in what we are doing. also,they could help us do well in the future giving us the skills that we could use to be able to succeed in life and school so that we can live well.         