Many students tend to forget things they learned at school, in the summer. During summer, teenagers are out having fun and taking a break from school. Although the school year is over, students should not lose focus on what is important. Since teens need to keep focus, a summer project would be the perfect task for them. Summer projects should be designed by their up coming teacher because students will get familiarized with what they will learn, teachers will assign projects that will be beneficial to their students, and teachers will have a criteria showing students what to look for.

To begin with, going into a new school year, no one really knows what the year will be like. Having a summer project allows students to have some knowledge on what the new year might bring. For example, if Generic_School made students do one summer project it would not only help their grade for the first quarter, but also show them know what they will learn. Although there will be students who will not do the projects, there will also be people who will complete them because they are serious and focused on school. Students who work hard and want to be successful in life will see that summer projects given to them will be beneficial to them.

Additionally, teachers know what is best for their students. A prime example here at Generic_School is a geometry teacher, although she assigns a handful of work, she knows that if the students completes it, it will be extremely helpful to them. Most of time students will complain about the amount of work a teacher might give them but in the long run it will help them tremendously. Teachers giving out projects to do in the summer may sound dreadful but it will, undoubtedly help them. To add on teachers will always tell students what to look for and give them a rubric to help them.

As a matter of fact, teachers will never assign a student a project and not give them a rubric. Often times, students will argue and pout about a project, but when a teacher gives their students a rubric and the criteria of the project, it makes it twice as much easier. Students who are serious about school and want to bring up their GPA will not complain about one measly summer project. Also, summer projects will never be too hard, since the school year has not yet started. Teachers will most likely tell their students what to do and how to do it. Even though the projects assigned to students may be easy, some may complain about the subject and want to do a project on a subject they choose.

While some students may prefer to do a summer project on what they want. The pros to this would be that they are actually interested in the subject and more motivated about it. They would also, most likely get a better grade on something they are genuinely concerned about. For example, if a student loved the ocean, they would be more excited doing a project on marine life or how unique the ocean is than doing a project about different rocks. Although this may be true, teacher-designed projects would be more beneficial than a student choosing their own subject.

To conclude, teacher-designed projects would be more productive for students than student-designed projects. It gives students the opportunity to learn a little before the school year starts. Teachers will assign students projects that will be helpful to them. Also, the projects would not be extremely hard because the teacher is essentially telling students how to complete the project. Schools should allow teachers to assign the students projects to do in the summer because it will help them a great deal more than students choosing their own projects.                 