Take a moment to imagine what it would be like to know what the people around you are interested in. Wouldn't it be nice to know a lot of them held similar interests in comparison to you? Studies show that friendships tend to last longer when you're around people who like things that you like. I believe that the principal's decision to have all of the students participate in an extracurricular activity would be a good idea because it can help students learn to organize their time, help them find people with similar interests to make friends, and it could physically, and mentally, strengthen the students.

In order for one to survive as an adult, you must learn to organize your time. When doing extracurricular activities, because it is outside of school (most of the time) it is helpful to know when you have things planned. This way, a student could get work done for school, go to baseball practice, and still have time to go shopping with their friends. As an adult, you must schedule meetings, or interviews for jobs. Doing extracurricular activities would be great for the students; After all, it could help them learn to organize time for the future.

However, time isn't the most important subject when it comes to these activities. I believe that doing extracurricular activities would help students find their "people". I personally have done multiple sports, and currently have many interests such as, band, art, and swim. I have found that within these interests, I have made more friends than I could have if I didn't express them. I have held onto more relationships that date back to when we met in something that we liked, rather than something we didn't. Your "people" could also end up leaning you in the direction of different jobs. They could help you find things that you like, because they like the same things.

Finally, I believe that it could physically, and mentally strengthen the students who participate in such activities. When doing sports, I can confirm that you will most definitely become more physically able if you happen to like the sport. If you'd prefer to work in a group, by doing things such as band, yearbook, or student council, colleges might look to accepting you because you have the mental stability to work in a group. This could help the students with in-school activities such as projects.

I believe that the principal's decision to have all of the students participate in an extracurricular activity would be good because it can help students learn to organize their time, find people with similar interests to make friends, and it could physically, and mentally, strengthen the students. All of these points could help the students in the future, whether the points are seen as good or bad. 