Teens should not be on a phone while in a vehicle.

Being on a cell phone increases the risk of being in an accident. Many teens are on their phones while driving because they are either talking to their friends or boyfriends and girlfriends. Teens don't understand the risk that they are making for other people on the roads.

Many teens today are getting distracted by their phones and causing accidents and majority of the teens that are in accidents are dying. Over half of the teenagers in the united states have admitted that they use their phones while driving. Teens that are distracted by their phone are also putting pedestrians in danger along with themselves. People also die every day because someone is not watching the road and is on their phone. They also think that the hands-free method is safe because they can use both of their hands but it's still not safe because people are still getting into wreaks.

Many teens are glued to their phone 24/7 and when they are driving, they still have their phone in their hand. Teens think that they need to have a phone in their hand and they think that if they don't have it in their hand they will die without it but if you are driving and on your phone you will die because you can get a really bad car accident. Teens nowadays are the main causes of car accidents because they are always on their phones talking to people and not putting their phones down while driving which is dangerous to other drivers on the road.

I know that other teens will disagree with me that they need to have their phone in their hand while driving just in case of an emergency but that's not a reason to have their phone in their hand.

Many teens also say that their parents need them to contact them if something bad happens to them while they are driving but if they are driving with their phone in their hand something bad will happen to them.

Teens don't need to have their phones in their hand while driving because it is very dangerous to them and others on the road even the people that are in the car with them. Like I said at the beginning of this essay cell phones are increasing the risk of being in an accident for teens.   