After two tiring semesters of school, summer allows for students and teachers to finally take a break. Though this break is crucial to a students' success in the following year, it allows for them to lose vital information learned that school year. Through different assignments, such as projects, schools have found creative ways to combat this information lost, enabling students to retain and possibly learn new things during the duration of the summer. It is crucial, though, that these projects are teacher-designed. Teacher-designed projects will not only allow for the students to learn correct information, but they will also hold the students accountable for their work and enable a consistency in knowledge amongst the students' return.

Through teacher-designed projects, students will learn the correct information. With set rubrics and key points the students have to achieve, they are set on a clear, uninterrupted path to finishing their projects with precision and accuracy, aiding them in their retaining and learning of the correct information. Though many students are capable in designing their own projects, teacher-designed projects will simply enforce and guaranteed that the information learned and researched about is correct.

Teacher-designed projects will hold students accountable in their finishing by the deadline. By simply subtracting the component of the creation of the project idea, students are left with one less immense task in their finishing of their projects, aiding them in their immediate commencement. By making these projects teacher-designed, there will be no excuses, and or confusion, which will help in the students' completion of their summer projects on time. As opposed to a student-designed project, many students could be misled through not knowing and confused on what to do for a project, thereby leading many to be unable to reach the end-of-summer deadline.

By requiring the students to complete a teacher-designed project, there will be a consistency in learning among them. Having a set topic, given by a teacher, to all of the students will allow for the equality and consistency in knowledge once they return to school from summer. Unlike teacher-designed projects, student-designed projects will lead the students many different ways, creating an imbalance in knowledge between each and every student. This will make it very difficult for teachers to plan their classes for the year due to the unknowing in what a student revised and retained during the summer.

In all, teacher-designed projects are significantly more effective and sufficient than student-designed projects. Teacher-designed projects will not only aid in a students' learning of accurate information, but will allow for the students to be equal in their knowledge in a certain area of study. Projects designed by teachers will also aid in a students' accountability of their work, leaving them with set, coherent guidelines and topics to follow. By the use of projects, designed by teachers, during the summer it will allow for a more effective and efficient school year. 