Dear Principal,

I think we should be allowed to bring our cell phones to school because they will be turned off in school periods, we should be able to use them during lunch periods and free time, and also during important events.

My first reason why we should be able to bring our cell phones to school because they will be turned off. They won't be a big distraction in class. Teachers wouldn't be able to tell if we had our cell phones or not because they would be turned off during class periods. either they would be turned off or on vibrate. So the teacher wouldn't notice if we did have our cell phones or not.

My second reason why we should have bring our cell phones to school is because when we do have lunch or free time at school we should be able to use them then but when lunch time and free periods are over we are going to put them up immediately. But while we are at lunch we should have time to text friends or catch up with others or the ones that weren't at school that day tell them what they missed or what they had to make up that day or the day they come back. We should also have our phones at school because what if we have an emergency and we have to call home to our parents and tell them.

Finally, my third reason why we should be able to bring our phones to school is because when we do have important events. Our cell phones would be turned off and wouldn't be a big mess up when it does go off they wouldn't have to stop and tell us to turn the phone off and tell us to leave cause the phone would already be turned off and wouldn't be a big mess up.

In my conclusion, these are my reasons why would should bring our phones to school because they would be off in class periods, we should be able to bring them during lunch periods and free time, and they would be turned off in important events. I mean children would bring their phones anyway if they wanted to or not. They think it's their phone they can bring it so the principal should let us bring them to school no matter if they are on or off. Students are able to bring their phones either if there on or off they could be silent or on vibrate it wouldn't matter to a student. So there for we should be able to bring our phones to school.