Would it be surprising to know if students to know that students learning at home helps them not stress out as much? Stress is mainly caused by the students getting to much school work that cannot be handed in one night. Students complain about having too much homework and when working at home there is not any homework. Allowing any students to work on their own schedule help them become more motivated to work on their assignments. Students being educated at home gain more time to study and make up their own rules but responsible with it. Learning at home and not at school helps students to benefit themselves to get better grades.

One of the advantage of homeschooling is it can be done anywhere and at anytime. Because it can be done by a touch of a good night sleep, students rise up in morning fresh and have a flexible time schedule. The students can work around their parents schedule instead of the parent working around the student's schedule when it is time do some distance learning. Some students have trouble working at a school because they cannot understand the material at the pace set by teachers. The students cannot always work at the pace set by teachers. Distance learning allows students to work on their own pace and on their own schedule. Additionally, that there are no misguided rules about tardiness or how to dress. Because instead of worrying about the rules the students can focus on their studies. Distance learning can improve certain students learning process by having a more available schedule and by letting them learn in their own way.

When taking a test or notes at school there are many distractions that can make students lose focus on what they are doing. This is another reason that learning from home benefits students. Learning from home doesn't have the distractions that a classroom has. As a result of this, students won't lose focus on the work they are doing resulting in better grades. One of the reasons students get distracted in the first place is because they are in a class where other just fooling around which makes others who want to stay focus feel uncomfortable. If a student learns from home they will feel more relaxed and comfortable and won't stress about work. In school, you are stuck at a desk listening to the teacher's teachings for six hours and have a limited time to eat and take bathroom breaks. But there is other way around, if you are home, you can eat and do what you want when you want. Because of this, students will feel less pressured and get better grades then they would have if they were in school.

There are still a few reasons not to do distance learning. There many more opportunities with public and private schools. People from different colleges don't go to student's homes and try to advertise their career options. Making friends from home would be difficult without social interaction. Public and Private schools are great places to socialize during free time. If everyone goes home to attend school, funding for public schooling will fall and teachers will lose their jobs because of budget cuts. In public schools and private schools, depending on the teacher, cheating is hard to do. On the other hand, schooling at home, the students can easily look up the answers on the internet on a different device. So for all that matter it was you choose from not what want, it what you need.

Students should be offered classes online or at home because it is less distracting and less stressful. The flexibility of the time students are allowed to complete work would benefit the mental health and grades of the student. With a more flexible schedule, students would be more likely to succeed and make good grades. Even though socialization in the school environment allows students to make friends. The conclusion of the argument was that it is highly doubtful that the lack of interaction could affect the student in adulthood. Many students all over the world successfully take some, and even all classes from home. In the near future, school systems and all districts should provide distance learning.