Asking for multiple opinions helps influence you to make a good choice. Getting advice from different people helps you get a base for what you need advice on. You can hear other peoples opinions and get new ideas of what to do and things that you should not do from hearing other peoples experiences.

Listening to other people for advice can help you find new ways to do something. Lets say you need help to build a porch. You are asking your friends for advice on how to build a porch. Most of them said to use nails to build the porch when you were using screws. You tried the screws to build the porch which did not work. You use your friends advice and use nails which leads you to actually building the porch. If you hadn't asked for all of their opinions you might have never thought of using nails.

Asking for multiple opinions can also help you decide what would lead you to a better outcome. Lets say you need help with on how to greet someone. You ask multiple people to greet them with a smile or with a frown. Most of them said a smile because when someone greets you with a smile it makes you feel happy and welcome. The people that said a frown said they had a bad experience and made the person uncomfortable. You go along with the smile and end up making a new friend because you greeted them with a smile.

Asking for multiple advice may just make life easier and help you move forward. Lets say you were debating to do your homework that is worth five points. You ask your family if you should do the five point homework even though you still have basketball practice. They say to do it because if you mess up on a test or a project those five points may be just keep your grade up just a little bit longer. One time I didn't do well one a test and decreased my grade down to a 89%. I did my two point homework and got my grade up to a 90%.

Asking for multiple opinions helps influence you to make a good choice. Hearing other peoples experiences and just asking for help makes life easier. Things you do now may impact your future in a good or bad way. You just need to make a good choice. You get see other peoples point of view and may help you become a better person with their advice.                                