Some schools have came up with the idea to do summer projects over their break. The only problem is, should teachers design these projects or should students do them on their own? Students designing their own projects can create a great way to start their summer off. Most students like having a responsibility over the summer. Students will most likely do a project, if they can design it themselves. A student designing their own project will add a lot of fun and creativity into it. Required school projects over the summer is not fun, but a student-designed project is better than a teacher-designed.

Over the summer, some students do not have anything to do or anywhere to go. Sitting at home all summer, with nothing to do, can get boring fast. Students are at home all day, thinking of different ways to create an awesome summer project. The responsibility of the project will weigh heavy on their minds, which will make them remember to do it. When students are responsible for something, especially if it is a grade, they will do everything possible to make sure it is done on time. Having the whole summer to think about this project, will get the creative juices flowing.

Students will not think about a project that a teacher assigned, because they will not have much room to think outside of the box. They will dread having to do the project which will cause them to lean more towards not doing it. If the assigned topic of the summer project is something a student is not interested in, they will let it slip their mind. Most school projects teachers assign to students lack interest and thought because the student did not find the topic of choice pleasing to them. When students are told what to do their projects on, they become less interested because now they are not able show their skills of creativity and knowledge. These projects should be thought of by students to show what they know.

This self-thought-of project will show teachers how creative their students are. Students will think outside the box to make sure theirs will not resemble or look like anybody else. Everybody would have something different to show when it is time to present the projects. These creative projects will teach other students things they never knew about. Students will show many emotions, especially eagerness, when they see what their other peers have thought of. In order for students to show their differences, they must pull out their creativity.

Projects are not something students enjoy doing, but if they have the chance to create their own they would enjoy that better. Having a responsibility over the summer is great for most students. Students will most likely do a project, if they can design it themselves. A student designing their own project will add a lot of fun and creativity into it. Everybody will enjoy the summer projects, if students made their own. Teachers will love the differences between all of the projects, and students will love the creativity they used to make the project. Smiling faces and excitement will enter the room when it is time to present.