Have you ever thought about joining the Seagoing Cowboys? If not then take a read into this artical about why it is a great journy and an amazing site to be one. It may be hard work, but the fun you will have is going to be crazy.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy is alot of work. It is very hard. But i can assure you that you are going to have the time of you life. You are going to see many amazing places such as China. This is a thrill taking event we don't want YOU to miss. You also will not be promted to join the Army by the age of 18. This journy has many things you can do! You are to help the poeple in need, such as the people who are ingourd. Or you can look over and watch the beatutfil seas as you are being a watchgaurd. As Luke Bombeger (he was a man who porticipated in this act) once said " I'm greatful for this oprotunity! It made me more aware of people and other countries and their needs."

Not only will you just watch the seas or help the people but you can also do things such as, table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games games to pass the time. You will do thease things because even though you are on a hard trip that you should be working on, you have free time. In fact you will have LOTS of free time! This will help you think clearer while you are working hard on those bing wide oceans.

As you can see you have a lot of hard work to do, but i assure you that you are going to have the time of your life on the big ocean. There are so many sites to see, creatures of the sea to hear, and work to do. There are so many things you could be doing. There are so many sites you could be seeing. This is one big oprotunity of a life time. You can get SO MANY adveantages such as not being drafted for the war. You could take thease advantiges from your hand RIGHT NOW! You could be riding the sea and be in so many places that are only in your wildest dreams. You could go and see an amazing exotic animal if your lucky! Now see, why would you pass this off. Why would you say "No thank you!"? Because you have the ocean. You are a Seagoing Cowboy. This life may be hard, it may be frightaning, it may even be a lonly trip for you, but you will meet some of yourbest friends fo a life long on this trip. You could get over your fears of the waves in the BEST WAY POSSIBLE!!! Amagine this life. Amagine riding the waves with a big smile on your face. Amagine your freinds being right there by your side. Amagine going to your favoret place in the ENTIRE WORLD. YOU could go there. YOU could make friends. And YOU can make a life that people would always want. You could make this all yours and you could have the seas be only a small portion of the world. This could be somthing that you don't want to pass down. Think about this. Think about the amazing world and life you could have if you wanted it. If you are for this life. If you have wanted to ride the seas. Then THIS job is for you! This is the PERFECT job for a person like you. Think about it. Amagine it. And take it. 