So why do ask other people for their own opinion to help us make the better choice, well by improving your people/talking skills, That most people are usually nervous to talk infrount of others, and how we organize what got from the opinions. Let's to learning these reasons and hopeful teaching you some life skills!

What do to improved our talking/people skills, it's important to get feedback from others and you don't even know when you need it of not. Like here's an example, Generic_Name problem weather she should join the lacrosse team or not and does'nt know what to do. But she gets nervous, so she gets scared asking anyone to help her. So she goes to ask her friends and family weather or not to join. Questions like that are used in everyday life and it's always good to have a second pair of eyes to help you along the way, But it's hard when you are nervous.

How to not be nervous is hard thing to do, Because thing has the mindset were people are judging them every second. When you talk to people about something like Generic_Name she ask different friends and family on problem and still gets nervous around them. When those moments happened you take a deep breathe. Because this what want to say. The people arent going to bite you, they will answer you just like everyone else. Focus what you want to say, no one wants to be stuck in a cage of guilt, because of one questions they never asked. Now I hear that a lot and why I'm telling you this it's because I don't want to see the coward out of anything you are going to strong to go through the future, jobs, relationships, and more.

Now you to ask your friends about your question you need help decided on. When you go the ask something they feel like their opinion valves you a lot to help you with that decision, and might give you more information form other person also could build a stronger relationship. With a lot opinions weather you should join that team, it does give you different perspectives on how different people react to that problem. Others will say yes or no, and might give into details. Now that Generic_Name understands to strong and not scared, she gets her opinions and now ready to sort them out. She uses the simple pros and cons list, and able to find her answers easier then before. Now she checks the list and more votes for her to join the team, and she happy to use her life skill in the future.

Now what did we learn while reading this well, we understood what type of problem Generic_Name had and probloby relate to your problem. we learned that some are scared and nervous to talk to others and that it's important to get over with it, to not cause even more problems in the future. Lastly how can we organize the opinions and how simple it is to do. That why I think it's better to talk to other to more then one person for their opinion. So I hope next time you can remember to use those skills in the real world.