What do you do when you need advice? Many people tend to ask others such as their friends, family, teachers, etc. The real question is, should you ask only one person for advice or multiple people? Asking multiple people for their opinions can help you make a better choice as people have different views and beliefs, personal experience in what you want advice for, and you have different people telling you their opinion so you can consider the best option.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because many people have different views and beliefs. Nobody is the same, and the world is a very diverse place. Many people are biased, and if you were to ask somebody who is biased for advice, they would give you their personal opinion which could be on the far right or far left of the spectrum. Everybody was raised different. Some grew up in poverty, some rich, and some in segregated communities. The way you were brought up is also a factor to your opinions and asking just one person may affect your decision based on their opinion.

The topic you need advice on may have also happened to other people. People have personal experience in some of the same topics, and that's why it's good to seek multiple opinions. Tragic events happen to people everyday, and that's a factor in what can affect people's opinions. For example, women who have had a baby may have a different opinion than a childless woman. People are also very educated. If you needed advice on a medical topic, it would be best to go see someone who has a degree and is experienced in the field. If you were to go to your friend who self-treated them self, he or she may tell you something completely different than an experienced person in the medical field may tell you.

Multiple people telling you their opinions gives you a wide range of options to consider as they all have gone through different things in life. If it's a personal topic, it's best to ask many different people from different races, religions, and others as you'll hear many different opinions and maybe even hear something you've never thought about that you may consider.

Overall, it's best to ask multiple different people their opinions on a topic you need advice on. By doing that, you'll hear many different opinions and it'll give you a long list of options to consider as you are hearing opinions from people with different views and beliefs, personal experience, and from people who may be completely different than you.