My principal decided that all students must participate at least in one extracurrcular activity.

Which means that our school has to be active and involved in a sport,club,or play.

There is a lot of pros and cons about this.

Aditionally, i think it can be great for my school to have a rule like this.

I agree with my principal because, its nice to be invlved,people could really enjoy the extracurricular activites, and to make new friends.

Have you ever been involved in something that you loved? For example, running is something that I love and enjoy, I would most likely to participate in track and field. Being in something can make you want to be more productive.

Being productive helps you be more busy and on task.

If you want to be more involved with something you have to participate during the activity.

The defionition of doing something that you enjoy means, being happy while doing something that you like.

What do like doing during your free time?

Doing something that fits you personality has a big cnnection with enjoying what makes you happy. aditionally,

Doing something that you love means you have a connection to it.

Doing something that you like can make you emotion be more positive and increase in a great way.

Do you just have that friend that you can talk to about anything?

Well, in this case you can make that friend in any of the activities.

To make new friends is important to schools, so you can have someone to connect to. comunication skills are almost required in colleges and used in future jobs.

Making a friend can lead to more friends which can make your mood change in a great way.

In conclusion,

I think we should be able to have a requirement for people to be in extracurectular activites.

Its important to be more social and to have more friends.

If you disagree or agree, I think it will be nice to be included in something they enjoy.

It can help you in the fuyture by having amazing communication skills.

Its good to be involved, people could really enjoy the activity, and to make new friends, those are the reasons why I agree with my principal.            