Dear State Senator,

After conducting studies on the American voting system ,I noticed many flaws. Deciding on presidency is one of the most vital processes in any countrie,so it should be addresed properly. the fact that voters vote not for president ,but they vote for slate of electors,the electors can be anyone not holding public office,and the fact that 17 states were never visited during 2000 only focusing on swing states  are just some facts we must look at when deciding a nations fate.

The fact that voters dont vote for president ,but they are actually voting for electors is should be looked into because the people are not  voting for president .The are voting for people to vote for president .which throughly explains the idea that the majority oppinion of the nation is invaluable to the goverment and our society  .This system is not fair .Nor is this system equal. and nor should this system continue to destroy our beloved countrie .

The electors can be anyone not holding public office .This is one of the most gruesome facts about this topic .Bestowing any dreg of society the honor of being an elector is NOT a good idea .This means when one of us votes for an elector trusting him with the fate of the nation. He could mislead us and vote for any canidate making the whole voting system corrupt and misleading.

17 states were unvisited by canidates in 2000. which leads U.S citezens  to ask questions like:Is our oppinion valuable or even considerd valid ? Do the leaders want to run for the benefit of this countrie or do they want POWER?Do our votes even matter or make a diffrence ?Should we just give up on the corrupt system we must live under today?

Thinking about the subject from the prepective of our founding fathers .They would NEVER want a voting system like ours today were people's oppinions dont matter,With often and misleading corrupt electors  not letting the majority rule .This system should be put to an end ,So our countrie can live free again.                                                                    