When did technology start controlling humanity? Technology has grown, and it has started to control society. Humanity relys greatly on their phones and computers for information. What happens if all of technology just shut down one day? People would not know how to live a life without a screen attached to their hand. Now people think driverless car should exist, putting technology in control of human lives should not be accepted, or allowed.

Imagine, a friend was walking across the street then an autonomous car does not stop for her, or him. There would never be a good-bye, another conversation, or even a hug on a bad day. Technology goes bad everyday. Why should people let themselves get put in danger, or let others get put in danger? If humanity valued life, they would realize a little bit of driving triumphs dying from, literal, lazyness. Most people could not live with the guilt of killing someone, which they might have to do if they drive, or ride, in these autonomous cars. Humanity needs to learn to value human life more.

The article says that these autonomous vehicles can only handle speeds up to 25 miles per hour. If people took an autonomous vehicle out onto the interstate, they would cause a wreck immediately. If as of now the manufacturers can only create cars that can stay in control at 25 mph, what happpens when they try to create cars that can go 60 or 70 mph and cannot keep them in control? The article also says they cannot drive around work zones or accidents, so how can they drive around a kid that darts into the street? The manufacturers are supposed to be making these vehicles very safe, but why then is it illegal to drive these vehicles in most states? If this topic contains so many questions on safety, why is it being pursued?

If putting technology in control endangers people, why do it? Society puts a price on life, but they should not. When something gets undervalued, it usually get slung around and broken. People should not treat life like something that can just get slung around and destroyed. Putting technology in conntrol of life does that.