Cell phone use while driving is one of those hot-button issues at the moment. Everyone has a cell phone. When it goes off while they are driving whether it is a message, social media or a phone call, curiosity seems to get the best of them and they feel as if they have to look now. Using cell phones while driving should be banned completely for the safety of everyone on the road. It does not matter how good you are at multitasking, it should be forbidden and against the law entirely. Studies have shown that while talking to someone on the phone your brain is putting a; lot of its energy into the conversation.

This means that less of your brain is focused on driving the car. Yes, that could also mean a conversation with someone in the car is dangerous but you add in bad reception, how uncomfortable the hands-free earpieces are to wear and the annoyance of static or wind and you have a worse distraction. Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become a key part of our lives. People use their cell phones for just about everything such as: texting, talking, schedule planning, internet surfing, etc. Sometimes we can even do two or more of these things at the same time.

Unfortunately, people are also choosing the wrong time to be using their cell phones: while they are driving. As a society, we have become so focused on how much we can do at one time that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. Using a handheld cell phone while driving is dangerous to the driver themselves for a couple of good reasons.

When driving, sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road which makes it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone and not for your exclusive use. Other drivers on the road take notice of drivers on their cell phones whether they want to or not because of the hazards they create. Erratic driving is something that we all get quite worked up about, especially if it makes us late or is otherwise a direct inconvenience to us. In conclusion cellphones are not safe to use while driving          