When somebody commonly ask for advice the person ask more than one person because. They ask more than one person because they want to see if the advice there getting is true and if there getting lied to or not receiving the right type of information. They want to know if they should go on of what they have been told. I understand that if you are doubting someone. Also if you want to see if all of it makes sense its not that they do not trust you its that you dont trust yourself. It is known to ask different people for advice i do it and so do you.

Whenever you have a problem you think that you should go to an adult right? Well in my opinion no because we kids believe it or not have understand and better at giving advice in my opinion. Kids understand because we will likely 8/10 have gone through it. We should all ask different people for advice so you know how to approach a situation. There is always people that can help you exactly people your age. I think people at the 14-19 life stand could understand you more than an 35-50 year old could.

How you approach a situation in advice matter. First you have to find a couple true companionship. Second you want to sit them down and have a real conversation about how life is going. Then you go to the issue on had and discuss the matter on hand. Last you add up all the evidence then you decide on what you want to do. Then you make a decision on hand and handle the issue.

You are gonna have to tell an adult eventually and tell them whats going on but not at the moment when you have to come to a desiton of what you are going to do. they can move at there on pace when the person is ready to handle the issue it will be resolved. The person will have its on mind of state to do what they think is right tell they tell or keep it to themselves. I think all in the end it is there disesion and they handle it the way they think it should be handle in a pelote Demeter. Also they are aloud to go along the day and life with out the negeitive energy.

Lets go lets say Generic_Name and his friends Generic_Name and Generic_Name go to the park. Generic_Name had noticed somthing in a van a werid looking felow ask him for candy what will he do? I would say that before you go to an adult you ask Generic_Name what to do then you ask Generic_Name. If there awnser is go to an adult dont do it immidily at least go think it over yourself then if it fells right to you, you may take action on the plan so yes i think you should ask for advice with other pepole.