The development of driverless cars should be allowed.

Driverless cars would probably make driving safer all throughout the nation.

These cars would probably also be easier to handle and make driving more enjoyable.

In these days, there is the technology to help smarter cars prosper.

Driverless cars may have some challenges but like the article states, these cars would change the world.

Driverless cars are much safer than the convential cars that are used today.

There are many reckless drivers out there that cause car accidents and deaths just about every day.

According to the second paragraph of the article, the driverless cars created by Google have driven over half a million miles without a crash.

Driverless cars would operate smoothly and theoretically, they could eliminate the possiblility for human error.

Under specfic conditions, some cars have been able to drive independly since 2009.

This could imply that it might not be that long before driverless cars start to take over.

Driverless cars would make transportation much easier.

Since attention would only be needed in a rare state of emergency, the driver can mostly just sit back and relax.

According to the eighth paragraph of the article, some manufactureres plan to develop in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays.

The displays can aslo be used to alert the driver, if necessary.

Today, most drivers have to be constantly vigilent for harmful threats on the road.

Driverless cars on the other hand, will allow the driver to do something fun and relaxing while being automatically taken to a destination.

Modern techonology has allowed driverless cars to be fully developed with less complications.

According to the fourth paragraph of the article, Google modified a normal car by adding many different sensors to it.

There are also a video camera, automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and motion sensors.

The technology has finally caught up to make driverless cars a possibility.

Driverless cars may still need modifications because there are still faults in dealing with traffic and roadwork.

Despite these challenges, driverless cars are still the best option for transportation in this nation.

Cars have been driven for over a century.

Enhancing cars to be driverless would start a revolution in transportation.

Driverless cars are one of the safest and easiest option for traveling.

In just a few years, with manufacturers making more modifications and states modifying some traffic laws, driverless cars will truly change the world.   