Their's many other ways to go from one place to another, not everthing has to be involved with four wheels and a motor. Over the time it has been noticed of all the damage of what any big or small vehicle can cause to the Earth. Causing the increase of air pollution; Beijing, China, Paris, and other states involved with too much traffic. Considered as smog, known as one the most polluted cities in the world. Residents have been limiting their car usage to have a safer enviroment making them give up their cars in certain places that they'd stay in. In other places it's been said that driving has been ban due to clear the air of global city. A Car-free day has been added to help reduce the chances of driving. The president himself has set goals to manage the use of vehicles to decrease the percentage.

Many residents, suburban pioneers, have gaven up their car in a community such as Vauban, Germany. Street parking, driveways, and also home garages are forbidden in the new district that it mentions to be in. According to source one, In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, it states in paragraph two that no cars are allowed, completely "car-free". Seventy percent of the Vauban's family do not own any vehicle, while fifty-seven percent of Vauban's have sold a car to move in to those streets. Due to the happening of car-free, few residents have been happy of the cause. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter, in source one. It's a great effort done from the residents wanting to reduce greenhouse gas emissions of tailpipes also . Since in Europe, twelve percent of the passenger drivers ase responsible for that cause. Then comes to the United States where fifty percent of few car-intensive cause that problem as well.

It's an example of a growing trend in variety of places  to separate suburban life from auto use, as in a component of a movement called, smart planning.

Because of an increase in air pollution, driving has been banned in Paris until the air is clear of the global city. For every car usage that was to be found they were to fine 22-euro, $31. It was like a schedule to be follow, every Monday the even-numbered plates were to leave their cars at home and on Tuesday's the odd-numbered plates would follow the same rule. Those who don't follow the rule were to be fine, others were towed due to their reaction of recieving a fine. Nearly four-thousand drivers were fined and twenty-seven had their cars impounded according to source two, Paris bans driving due to smog.

It's been said that in Bogota, Columbia a Car-Free day was started from a progam that was spread to many countries. Millions of the columbians ; hiked, biked, skated or took buses every time it was consideres a car-free day. Like Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus mentions in paragraph 23 source three, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution as well". It gives people chance to explore places not only in fours wheels but at foot or in any other particular way. All the driving rule is not done for unfairness or harm but to be more careful and safe with the enviroment that we all live in.

Obama set himself goals to curb the U.S' greenhouse gas emissions. Suggesting American's to buy fewer cars, to drive less, and recieve fewer licenses as the year goes buy. Few people would do what takes to help, others keep on going with their own lifes.    