Phones & driving

Why shouldn't there be any phones while driving there could causes different things to happen.

Cell phones while diving has been a big problem in different type of forms . There would always be accounts because people would drive while on the phone and that's how you get in big accounts there would always be a account once a day people would be on the phone . And people that drive while on the phone they would talk on the phone or play a game while driving or texting while driving and that should not be done because of all that can happen in a minute or less that's how you can get in accident . But naw police if they see you doing all that they can give you a ticket if you are on the phone while driving. Bring able to pay better attention , being less likely to have a crash , following the law so there wouldn't be anything happening to other people so you have to be carful of you and your places around you at all times because you don't want anything bad happing around you ." Each day, 11 teens die in crashes caused by texting and driving . 2.35 million people in the US are injured or disabled by car crashes every year. More than 330,000 of these crashes that cause severe injury are caused by texting and driving .''

We should have not have people on the phone while driving . Because we don't want big and bad things happening to people when they don't need it we want everyone to be okay . We want everyone to drive safe and phone & driving or not a good thing to be doing we want to get away from that we should not Allow that to happen no more texting or on the phone while driving. You can only us your phone when you are finally parked somewhere. But just always be concerned of your surroundings . Because we would not want anything bad happening to nobody around us we want everyone safe . And phones/driving is a United States law because it's not allowed to phones and drive and if they see you like the police they would Give you a ticket. But always more remember to not text and drive .

But always remember that you should not be on the phone while driving because that's is not safe for you and the people around you . But also this should stop because it has been happening a lot .    