Getting up in the morning is hard to do.

High school students have it the worst because they have to get up at 6 in the morning just to get to school on time. Who wants to get up that early? If a student has work or any after school activity, they wont be able to get school work done because the're too tired at the end of the day or just dont have the time. Students that are home schooled or take an online class are able to make time for school work and it's not as much of a hassle. Bullying is a big issue going around in schools and most students that are getting bullied dont wont to go to school because they are scared. Having the option of letting them take it online would help them not be as stressed about school and be more thrilled to go. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they wouldn't have to wake up early, it's an alternative if they dont feel safe at school, and students would feel less stressed.

Students, especially teens, hate waking up early in the morning to go to school. Studies show that students should be getting at least 7-8 hours of sleep each night. Most high school students, however,

get 4-5 hours of sleep each night because of homework and after school activities that keep them up all night. Students drink coffee or energy drinks to keep themselves awake even though its not good for them and if they drink too much it could hurt them. Students can only have a certain amount of absences and tardy s before they have to go to summer school which no kid wants to do. Having classes online would help students get the recommended amount of sleep each night.

Bullying is a big problem in most public schools today. Students that are getting bullied dont want to go to school because they are scared of what the bully is gonna do to them. Even if they go and tell a trusted adult there is no telling what the teachers gonna do or if the bully is gonna stop. Most of the time when someone is getting bullied all the school dose is suspend the bully for a couple months and thats it. Some extreme cases of bullying have led to the student harming themselves or trying to take there own life. Having online classes at home would help the students that are getting bulled feel less scared and learn better.

Having school at home or online wold help the students not feel as stressed. Going to school each day tired is already hard enough on students, but now they are getting even more stressed out because of homework for different classes. If students wanted to take AP or IB classes they couldnt do anything else because those classes are very time consuming. Students couldnt have a job or have anything after school if they take an AP or IB because of the amount of stress they would be going through. Having online school would help fix that issue and allow students with the opportunity to take those hard classes.

Going to school helps students make friends. School is the number 1 place where most children and teens make friends and meet people and if they taking the classes online, they dont get the chance to experience that. If a kid doesnt have very much social interaction then they become very anti social and not have a whole lot of people skills. Staying at home and taking classes online has its benefits but actually putting in the effort to wake up and come to school everyday and meeting new friends is worth coming to school for. If a student stays home and takes an online class they really dont have anyone to ask for help if they dont understand a topic.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they dont have to wake up early, it is an alternative if the student doesnt feel safe at school, and they would be less stressed. Taking classes online are safer because you're in the safety of you're home and they wouldnt cost as much money as it would being at a public school. Overall, online classes would be a big help to students who are struggling to come to school. Lets start making this a reality then!                                                                                           