Hey, have you ever gone into a store and seen something you wanted but it was going to take almost all of your money so you go and ask a friend for their opinion. Well growing up, I would always ask my mom for her opinion because she was older and knew more than I did. Since then, i've always asked my mom for her opinion and I have saved a lot of money because of her. That's why I think seeking for multiple opinions can help someone make better choices because it can be a learning experience, boost their mood, and can help them financially.

When seeking for multiple opinions it truly becomes a learning experience because many people are going to tell you what you shouldn't do, and many of their reasons on what you should do aren't even going to be reasons you didn't even think about. In addition,many people will tell you things you didn't know when you ask for their opinion, Let's say someone ask their friend if they should get their favorite food and their friend responds with no, they have a lot a chemicals that arent good for your body. You get to learn why you should or shouldn't do.

Therefore, a lot of people are generally scared when you ask them for their opinion because they do not want to offend anyone. They might even feel like they are stepping on your toes when you ask them your opinion because they don't know how you are going to act or even respond,But if they tell the truth it might hurt your feelings on their opinion but it will boost your mood because you know that you have a real and true friend who is looking out for you. It's like asking someone "Hey, do you like my dress?" and they respond with " No, not really." you'll be a little sad but happy. You'll even be happy if they say "yeah I like your dress." People ask for opinions when they don't know what to do or if they should spend or waste they're money. Going around and asking for opinions is great because you'll be able to hear what other people would do and if you don't get what you or do what you want your mood will be boosted because your walking away with money to spear. In addition, you'll change your spending habits and the things you buy.

Finally, When you seek for people's opinions you tend to start bringing awareness to what you want and if you really need it. People's opinions change the way we think, when asking for peoples opinions it can really save us from many things especially financially. In today's generation they don't care about how much it cost they care about the name and label that comes with the shirts thats over one hundred dollars. They are wasting their money on something they are going to grow out of. Asking someone if they should get the overpriced shirt and then telling them no is going to help them financially because they will still have a lot of money if they just go and a buy a regular shirt. People's opinions can help other people financially because you could ask your friend if you should get this or that and they might not have enough so they go and borrow money and so on and so fourth they could go into dept, But if someone stepped in and helped them with that decisions and told them it was a waste of money they wouldn't be in the situation they're in now. My mom would always tell me "the less money you spend, the more you save." which has stuck with me through out the years because that is a rule I always follow.

In conclusion, People's opinions change and affect the way we live, we could never live without people's opinions. Always ask for peoples opinions because you'll learn new things and experience new things. You'll get to see different perspectives and understand where people are coming from and how they feel.