Dear State Senator,

I have very mixed feelings about the whole Electoral College or regular people voters. Honestly there are very good points / arguments for both sides. You could possibly say that the Electoral College is a "cheat" or you could also say that the people voting isn't the best idea based on immaturity / judgment people give.

From the start everyone has learned how to play fair in the game and what a cheater is, I believe that the voting of a president is similar. Remember when you where a kid - or watching your kids - playing games, laughing, and having a good time, then all of a sudden, uh-oh, some one is being accused of lying or cheating. This is why I argue that there shouldn't be an Electoral College, the state can change the people in the Electoral College and start what is considered the disaster factor, in 1960 this occured in order to vote against John F. Kennedy. Although many members of the Electoral Collage are honest and refuse to oppose another canadet, many also will.

I also believe that the Electoral College will do and has done what is right for the United States. If we did change the election to popular vote then I garentee there would be more conflict and the country would start to fall apart. Honestly though, the legal voting age is 18, and teachers, parents, peers, and even commercials are encouraging them to vote, at 18 you may be a legal adult, but in reality most 18 year olds are still in High School or just getting out of. With all the influence and responsibility going to there heads these "adults" are obviously going to vote as soon as possible. Not even just 18 year olds, but also actual adults will vote just to vote. Now, tell me this, do you really want the leader of your country chosen by the people? It's a natural thing that people will pick someone just because of there skin color or religion, people judge by instinct, I know I wouldn't want the president to be chosen just because if he was Catholic or Christian.

Another reasonof self conflict I have for the Electoral College is the time spand it has been. Times are always changing, from new electronics, maturity levels, and all around peope, so why have an Electoral college when it was made so long ago? Doesn't it seem very out dated? Then again, we have had it for so long and it helps many difficulties with the voting process, including ties. For example, what if there was no Electoral College and after all the people voted and there was a tie, what would we do?

So given this, think again who you want to pick who should rule over you, after all it is a "winner takes all" draw.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME    