Do you ever wonder how it would be if we lived in a car free enviroment where cars where limited. There would not be any traffic jams,or heavy smog,people wont have to worry about gas prices. Our enviroment would be cleaner and better for us to live in. There are so many advantages from limiting car usage.

People with cars tend to worry about gas prices and how much money it takes to fill up their car. When limiting the usage of cars,and walk or bike it helps save your money for something other than gas. Just think of it the average person has to fill up their gas tank at least once every one to two weeks, and if they drive constantly then once every three to five days after they had just filled up their tank. Why even waste gas to go down the street to a store or to a friends when you can use a better and more conservitive type of transportation, its nonsensicle to even drive for a short amount of time if you can walk or bike to you destination. If we also limit car usage we wont have to worry much about bumper to bumper traffic or car accidents. Think of how much much time traffic on the highways wastes sometimes 20 minutes to an hour or two when we can be doing something better with our lives. Not to mention if we limited our usage our roads sidewalks and highways would all change. There would also be more outside attractions to do and be apart of, malls and stores would be different as well considering that if not much cars are around its not necassary to have shopping plaza because not much cars would be parked. Driving a car when only necessary would help people a whole lot and change and impact the way we live in a positive way.

Think of our enviroment and ozone for a minute,and how bad the fules that power our cars effect it, not only does the fules effect our enviroment it also affects us too. When we have a high amount of smog in the air due to cars it makes people congested because our air is tainted and polluted. How much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid the EPA is promoting the act of reduced car communities. Its not just cars either you have motorcycles as well that harm us and the enviroment ion the same way. Not only will limiting your usage on your car will be better for your wallet it would be better for you as well considering the fact that some people if not using or having a car tend to walk or bike which is exercise and it helps to benifit you out as well as your money. Driving a car when only necessary would help people a whole lot. Considering that everyone is out of shape because of our advances in life a little walking or biking exercise will benifit us from being lazy, you can even make your walk fun with music to listen to. If we limit our usage it will help our enviroment and our health as people as well.

Cars maybe needed if you have a job or a place that you need to go that is a far stretch from where you are. Cars are very handy i'll give it that,but sometimes they are unnecessary to use in certain situations. Peolpe like having a car for freedom and having their own transportation instead of relying on something else to get them around, but the thing is that we dont actually need cars that much for things. People are just lazy and depend on cars so they dont have to walk, take a bus ,or bike to their destination but its that mind set that most of us have and thats why our enviroment is getting killed slowly. We need to stop being lazy and think of better ways to get back and forth from certain areas.

Cars can are good to have for self transportation, but there are much better ways to get from place to place without hurting your wallet and your enviroment. There are plenty of benifits from limiting car usage for everyone. When we limit car usage we dont have to worry about gas prices or smog in our enviroment or anything of that nature. Limiting gas makes us better and healthier because we are finding more physical alternative ways for transportation.    