Over the summer, the majority of students will forget the core lessons they learned; therefore, some teachers decide to give students summer projects to keep information fresh in their minds. There is an ongoing debate over whether teachers should choose the summer projects for students, or if the assignment should be the ideas of the student themselves. There are those that say that it would be better for teachers to assign their own project, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, students should design their own summer projects.

There are a variety of reason why students should create their own summer project. First and foremost, it inspires creativity. When a teacher assigns their own cut-and-paste project, this removes most creativity from the assignment. Students need to practice creative skills, and the low stress environment of summer is a perfect time for doing that. Additionally, students having their own project idea allows them to do what they want to do. This is obviously beneficial because the student can choose the subject that they are best at, which will improve the quality of the summer project. Also, giving the student the choice on what they want to do makes the project enjoyable, which is important considering that it is summer break. Finally, allowing students to assign their own project ideas motivates the student to actually do it. It is very common to witness teachers giving direct instructions on how the class should do something in a certain way, only for the students to lose interest. On the other hand, giving students their own unique project can inspire them to complete it with actual effort.

There are additional reason why students should create their own summer projects. For instance, the student can use real world examples that they are familiar and can easily understand. Most teachers, especially ones in larger schools, will not know the student's personal interests and experience very well. Students can take inspiration, data, and ideas from their surroundings during the summer, which can make for an excellent project. Another reason students should design their own summer projects is that it creates less stress for the teacher. If students are making their own projects, it will make the job of teachers easier since they dont have to create unique prompts for each student. Additionally, each student having their own personally crafted project will get rid of the possibility of cheating, something they have would have if students were all to have the same assignment. Lastly, students creating their own summer projects will prepare them for the future. In college, many assignments given by your professor will be self directed, meaning you will need practice in creating your own ideas for projects. Careers also rely on creativity, innovations need to be made for more efficient work, which can earn you promotions.

Although some may disagree, students should design their own summer projects. This is the case due to less overall stress, motivation for students, and inspiration for creativity and innovation. There are those that say teachers should design the project for the student because the teacher knows what the student needs to learn, what the school board wants, and what the student will learn the following year, but this is not the case. It's true teachers need to encourage creativity in and outside the classroom, but students also should enjoy their summer break after a hard school year. 