Driverless cars have much potential to be a large part of the near future. Although right now in the present, these is still work to be done. Laws need to be revised. More work needs to be put in to how these cars react to treaffic jams and construction. Currently, these vehicles test drivers still require alertness to what exactly the vehicle is doing, although the sole fact we're this far along with what was once only an idea is amazing.

These driverless cars are loaded with sensors and cameras to accuratley dictate it's surroundings and where it needs to go. However, in heavy traffic or contruction scenarios the driver may still need to take over. This is a good thing the car can alert the driver, but much more work needs to be put in to how these cars will operate in non-ideal conditions such as construction, traffic jams, and weather. Can these driverless vehicles accomplish such a thing? Yes, they can. Perhaps sooner than anyone anticipated. Considering it's been over half a million miles without a collision, I'd say these cars have a bright future.

As of 2013 BMW announced a "Traffic Jam Assistant" feature was in development. This feature will allow the car to make its way through tough spots in heavy traffic situations at speeds up to 25 miles an hour. This is a milestone in the race towards a truly independent driverless vehicle. Currently the driver is still required to keep his/her hands on the wheel in these scenarios to be prepared for the worst. However, this will not be the case for long. At the rate driverless cars are progressing, a fully pledged driverless vehicle will be a reality soon enough.

New laws will have to be put in place to deal with the legal aspect of these vehicles. Different situations will need to call for different charges and outcomes to determine whos fault it was. If the driverless vehicle warned the driver to take control, and said driver didn't, then the blame should fall to the driver. If the vehicle runs a stoplight, and the vehicle did not send any alert to the test driver, then blame should fall towards the company.

The future is closer than most realize. Tesla has already done amazing things with electric vehicles, and plan to have a driverless car that can remain independent 90 percent of the time out by this year! Other popular companies such as Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan have driverless vehicles in development and claim to have them out by 2020. Who knows what we'll see in 10 short years? Maybe the idea of a driverless public transport system will be a reality. Or maybe most will have an affordable self driving car. Whatever the case, one thing remains certain. Driverless vehicles have a big future ahead of them, and we are no where near done hearing about them.       