Cell phones and Driving

___

It was a exceptionally exciting day for 17-year-old

Brenda because she had not seen her best friend Madison for the past two weeks. Brenda got into her car, put on her seatbelt, and texted Madison to let her know she was picking her up. While driving,

Brenda opened a text five minutes later from Madison.

Taking her eyes off the curvy road for a mere five seconds, she was struck head on by a speeding sports car.

Brenda was gone just like that. Texting while driving ". . . is the act of composing, sending, reading text messages, email or making simular use of the web on a mobile phone while operating a motor vehicle"1. In fact, according to the Department of Motor Vehicles,

63% of drivers report using their cell phone while driving. Numerous reasons exist for the case against cell phone usage while driving such as texting, making phone calls, and checking social media apps.

First , One out of four car accidents in the United States are caused by texting and driving. Texting is a distraction while driving your eyes need to be on the road to avoid accidents.

Therefore When your texting your eyes are on your phone distracted by anything else around you. So many people think they are a professionals at texting And driving but it shouldn't be a skill there's to much at risk. Number one being deaths there are at least deaths a day due to texting and driving.

Second , Driving and talking on the phone can be just as dangerous as texting and driving. A new study shows accident are more likely when you're using a hands free phone device then when you're talking to a passenger you're also very likely to speed. Also a big misconception is that as long as you hands are free you should be safe no problem right?... Wrong. Having a voice engage people in conversation that make some people react badly or late to hazards so that is a distraction similar to texting and driving.

Lastly , According to a study Checking social media is just as dangerous as drunk driving. Unfortunately Teens have been so affected by society they always have their phones out snapchatting or posting something about the morning traffic. Personally this is the worst one the list. Checking is examining something in order to determine its accuracy , quality , or condition meaning you would be doing this for a good amount of time. Enough time to be in an accident. For example taking your eyes off the road for 5 seconds going 50 miles an hour is like driving blindfolded for a length of a football field which is extremely dangerous.

In conclusion here in the state of georgia there is a no hands law were holding or supporting , with any part of the body , wireless telecommunications device or stand alone electronic device (for example , an ipod). This law is going to prevent many accidents of course people will still do it i known people who do but the statics will go down.

1 "Texting while driving - Wikipedia." https://en. wikipedia. org/wiki/Texting_while_driving. Accessed 6 Sep. 2018.

---------------

------------------------------------------------------------

---------------

------------------------------------------------------------

2                     