In recent years car ownership has decreased with positive consequences. Life with out cars has its advantages. It is reducing the amount of emissions put into the air, cars are resposible for 12 percent of green house gas. Life without cars can also relive stress.

An experimental car free community in Germany called "Vauban" completed in 2006 is a town where 70% of its residents do not own cars and the streets are completely car free. It's constructed so everything is within walking distance. This means no need for cars, wich means little to no polution. People usaully bike or walk to their destination in Vauban."when I had a car I was always tense. I'm much better this way" says a Vauban resident. Vauban is a component of a movment called smart planning. As you can see, a community with no cars is prospering aurgurably better than one with cars. People are less stressed and pollution is heavily reduced. A life/community with no cars has little to no negative results.

"After a near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air oof the global city." france need a solution to reduce the smog, so they banned even-numberd license plates on monday and odd on tuesday. with some exceptions such as electric cars and hybrids. After five days of heavy smog and no cars, smog congestion was reduced to 60 percent. Here is another perfect example how decreasing cars on the street is directly linked to pollution decrease .because they took away cars, pollution was heavily decreased. This is a huge advantage that  limiting car usage has.

The USA has always been a car culture, but things are changing for the better.

car liscense ownership rates have only decreased since 2005. this means we are putting out less emissions than 12 years ago! we are eqaul to where the country was in 1995. the reasons vary as to why lisence ownsership is decreasing but so far it has its advantages. People are car pooling more and using bikes and walking to their destination. the only negative side of limited car usauge is for the car industry. with less cars on the road, they get less money. But overall people will benifit from this.

Limiting car usage has huge advantages and I encourage you to try walking or biking rather than using your car. You will become more socail, fit, and help prevent pollution.    