Summer is that time of year when people really show their trueselves. My mom once said, "How do you live a life that's meant to be yours; when people are controlling your life for you?" Summer projects are best completed when they are student-designed because there is more creativity, productivity, and freedom. Without any of that there is no reason behind the source of a project; which is you.

Student-designed projects are full of creativity because it comes directly from the students' mind. It shows there personality through the art of the subject. If you were to give a student a summer project with step to step directions they would overthink it. Summer means freedom, so why would a student want to be reminded they have to go back to prison in less than three months with a teacher-designed project? Whereas, if you give them more freedom they use what they already know without freaking out. In braingames, a scientific show, it shows that when you are given a task with a specific wanted outcome your brain tends to overthink it. Creativity comes from ones self, and if you have a teacher-designed project, the results will all look the same.

When there is productivity there is results. A student can be overloaded with school work and say they are busy, but does that mean they get anything done? Currently I am in three after school clubs, one honor society, and an executive for one of the biggest events that happen yearly at Generic_School. I've been productive because all the organizations are student-runned, which leads to more kids wanting to participate. However, if the organizations were all ran by teachers then you would have five to zero students showing up. When something is student ran the project becomes more important because they are able to do it their way with fewer limitations. Productivity is an important factor for student-designed projects because your end-results become more clear.

Generic_Name once said, "It's okay to start over." Generic_Name meant that student's should have the oppurtunity to something new like student-designed projects. There is so much more enjoyment in a project when it's on the student's terms and not a teacher's. Last year I was assigned a five page, back to front english project that had numerous restrictions and specific instructions. Only two of the twenty nine students in my class turned it in completed. If the teacher had redesigned the project to make it more for the student and not his own enjoyment, the number wouldv'e been higher , and there wouldn't have been a price on our freedom.

Student-designed projects are more beneficial to not only the student's but the teacher as well. The creativity of a student-dsaigned project gives you a better variety of projects because what teacher wants to look at the same project over and over? There is more freedom because the student is not chained to restrictions, and it's more productive when it's on their terms. It helps them to not only to assure learning, but show who they are and what they can do.