Phones have come a very long way since 1973, phones have gave us the power to communicate with someone miles far away. People fell more in love with them once the first touchscreen phone came out. Now people have to have one, all you see nowadays is people walking or driving with their phone glued to their eyes. Major companies come out with a new one every year and they come out with one that has better features, a bigger screen, and a new software.

Cars have been out for many years and car accidents have happened a lot in each year. Accidents due to phone usage leads to 1.6 million deaths and that should be lowered each year. More and more people still use their phones while driving but it's a bigger percent of adults who use them while operating a vehicle. The people driving think they can multitask but imagine just driving to the store down the street and you look at your phone for a quick second, but then when you look up all you see is your life flashing in front of you. I don't think driving and using a phone is eligible at any time because driving safely is better than taking a life.

Drivers should be more cautious when driving because you never know if the person next to you is using the phone while driving. Georgia came out with a law this year where if you get caught with a phone while driving you will get a ticket. Georgia is starting to take more responsibility on the hands free law which is good because we are getting tired of hearing someone's son or daughter being ran over due to a driver not looking at the road when they need to. Adults who have been through that are probably in jail and some say they can't live with it on their conscious, they feel the pain they put the child's family through. They encourage people to please put the phone down while driving because they say it's not worth looking at a text and taking a life.

The rate of jail inmates keeps raising and in order to drop this number we as people have to encourage people to stop texting and driving. People feel bad about losing someone due to this situation but then go on the road while using the phone in an operating vehicle. Once reality hits them in that moment I think people would than start to make a change. Cars should have a sensor where if it detects that you are on the phone the car will automatically not cut on and won't let you drive until your phone is put up. If the car detects that you're on the phone while driving it will automatically pull over and cut off and won't cut on until you put it away.

That is my thoughts on driving and texting it shouldn't be allowed. Death numbers keep rising every year due to this situation and it should come to an end.            