"Driverless Cars Are Coming" is a great article and makes a lot of great points about this product. My opinion on driverless cars is I think it's a great idea. Also there could be a down side to this product as well.

A public-transportation taxi system that use half the fuel of today's taxis would be a great idea. It would be great for the environment, as well as us as people. This system woul for sure change the world. The Google cars that work independantly have driven half a million miles withough a collision. Which is great because there goes a lot of injured people and totalled cars that people need as transportation. At the same time, these cars still need a human to operate them under certain conditions such as, puling in and out of places, driving through construction places or car accidents. The idea of the cars running on a track is a grea tidea as well, but there is just no time to fix all these roads to make our cars driverless. Also the cost of this would be too expensive. Also if the car could opperate on its own, I would think that the driver would be even more careless than they already are and would pay even less attention. If the car would still need the driver to be alert in case of needing to take over, drivers would just be more tempted to look away and do other things while driving, and then if the car needed the driver to take over they will have already crashed because the driver was distracted by something else. In my opinion driverless cars is a goof idea in some ways, but in other ways they are dangerous. They are nice to have, but only if you are able to be responsible with them. You need to be able to have self dicipline to be able to operate a car like this and stay alert even if the car is driving for you. Anything can happen in a split second. A plus side to them would be if you are someone that works in the city and always has to sit and wait in rush hour, then this would be a good car for you to have. The car would drive for you in this mess, so you wouldn't get so tired of it. But something that I would worry about personally is trusting the car to do it's job. It is a machine, it could malfunction and make a mistake. Like if it doesn't stop when the rest of the traffic does and it rear-ends someone. Or it doesn't go when the rest of the traffic does and someone rear-ends you. It could be dangerous, and the car messing up like that would't be the buyers fault, it is just still something I would worry about as a driver of a driverless car.

The points made in this article are very helpful to understand the progress being made with driverless cars. They would definitely benefit us in the future, and make car pileups a thing of the past.       