Dear Principle _______,

Cell phones should be allowed in schools, but only during lunch periods or on their free time. Cell phones are a very big distraction for a student, especially if they're a middle or high schooler. Many schools these days don't really care if a student has their cell phone out during class. But having their cell phones out is hurting themselves and their education.

For example, like I said before, cell phones is a huge distraction. Especially for their education. School is for learning, not for talking or texting their best friends. Texting can affect how a student can learn. Instead of paying attention to what the teacher's talking about, they might be paying attention to the plans they'll be doing this weekend. Having your cell phone out during classes is a huge problem, but during lunch periods or their free time isn't that much of a bad idea. For example, maybe a student needs to call their parents to see if they can go over to a friends' house after school. Or they need to see if they'll be getting picked up from practice. Students can do that during their free time, which isn't bad at all.

Secondly, texting can affect a student's grammar, punctuation, vocabulary, and their spelling. It could basically hurt their English education. For example, "hey. wats up. do u wan2 go 2 my house 2nite" That sentence there has a major problem! If students get used to texting like that, they might as well get used to writing and typing like it. There were many errors in that sentence. For example, that sentence didn't have any capulization or the correct punctuation. There were many spelling errors and numbers and words do not make a good couple at all. Texting will affect a students' education with how they portray their words and writing them.

Lastly, with the subject of their education, if students have their cell phones out during class, it can cause to cheating. If a quiz or a test is taking place, students can easily whip their phones out of their pockets and text their friends the answers to the problems. That, I think, is totally not acceptable. Also, there are tools on a cell phone that a student can use to cheat on their assignments or tests. They can use their calculator in math when they are not supposed to, or they can use a dictionary to look up a word or definition when a calculator is not needed. A cell phone will not also affect their education, but it can help cheat with it also.

As a result, cell phones are only used during free times, not during school. Communication with friends and family electronically is not appropriate during classes. School is meant for students to learn and get a better education. Although cell phones aren't acceptable during classes, they can give a student in much use in case of an emergency. All in all, cell phones and school are two different things that should not be combined together. It can hurt a students' education such as cheating, as a distraction, and with their grammar, spelling, punctuation, and vocabulary. Cell phones should not be allowed in use during classes but only during a students' lunch period and their free times.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME.