VIsions of self-drivng cars have been around for awhile now, but with the technology that has been so greatly improved in the past several years, that vision is becoming more and more realilistic. I am against the development of these self-driving cars. Though the cars do have some benifits and are cool i think that the cons of having self-driving cars outweigh the pros. Having these cars is promoting our society to become even more lazy than we already are, so far the cars are not very efficent, and are just not very safe.

My first reason why i do not support futher development of these self-driving cars is because it is promoting people to become even more dependant on technology and lazier. Driving a car is not in any way a difficult task for the average person, the only physically demanding thing it requires you to do is step on a pedal and turn a small wheel. The rules of driving ar ealso not overly complex, and in most places as long as all drivers are alert and focussed it is not that dangerous. I understand that technology is becoming more prominant in every day life because of the way it makes things easier but it is getting to the point where nobody will have to do anything anymore.

My second reason for why i do not support this technology is because so far the cars are not that efficient. Yes they have all these sensors and in normal circumstances work perfectly fine, but when there is any situation on the road the human driver must take over. These cars are also set up so the human driver has to almost just as alert as they would be in normal car. If the human has to be just as alert and may very well need to take over if the road or traffic conditiions are out of the ordinary, what is the point of having a self-driving car? Even if they could work it out so that the car is one-hundred percent efficient on its own, it would take quite a bit of money for that technology and as simple as driving is i do not find it to be worth the effort.

The last reason i dont think there should be further progression on the development of self-driving cars is because it just isnt safe. It does not matter how much you improve technology, or how well the car is able to drive on its own, technology acts up and stops working without warning. Driving is something that if not done carefully can lead to severe damage of objects and people. If the technology were to act up, and not even be able to alert the human in the car that something was wrong, the consequences would most likely be severe, and since the laws are so muddy it would be difficult to determine anything legal after.

I am against developing self-driving cars because i think it will promote laziness, i dont think the cars are very efficient, and i dont think they are safe. The amount of legal issues and possible complications that could arrise from further development of this product i do not think is worth the slight convience. Though the idea is neat i hope it is not pursued.  