The Face is just a natural landform on Mars.

Scientists made the conclusion about the Face based on facts.

Also, the camera scientists used was great at capturing the Face, and the Face is very similiar to landforms we have on Earth.

These reasons are why the Face is a natural landform.

The Face is a natural landform because scientists made the conclusion based on facts.

Throughout the article, scientists took various photos of the Face.

In all of these photos, scientists concluded that it was just a natural landform.

Also, scientists study Mars often, they have never seen any traces of alien artifacts.

There are more facts to believe the Face was a natural landform than an alien aritifact.

Another reason to believe the Face was just a natural landform is because the camera they used was very good at detailing the Face.

In paragraph 10, the article states that each pixel spans 1.56 meters compared to 43 meters per pixel from the photo in 1976.

This means the photo was a good picture to study off of.

Also, in paragraph 11, the article says the camera could have captured things like planes, pyramids, or shacks.

If there was anything like that on Mars, the camera would have seen it.

Since we did not see anything through the camera, we do not have a reason to believe the Face was an alien artifact.

Lastly, the Face is very similar to what we have on Earth.

In paragraph 12, Jim Garvin says the Face looks a lot like a butte or mesa. He said it reminded him of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho.

We know it is just a natural landform because we know what a natural landform looks like, but we do not know what an alien artifact looks like.

We can not make an assumption when we have facts.

In conclusion, the Face is just a natural landform.

We have many reasons to believe this because of reasons like the camera, facts, and similar things we have on Earth.

There are a lot of facts and reasons connected to the Face supporting it just being a natural landform.