State senator I ask that you favor the idea of keeping the Electoral College instead of changing it to election by popular vote for the president of the United States.

Even though the Electoral College is a despised method for choosing the president it has it's reasons. I'll show you why I am in defense of the Electoral College.

We need a president that would regard all of our interests and concerns. Someone can't just appeal to one region and expect to win because ".. a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a succesful president."(source 3) due to no region having the amount to guarantee the electoral votes to elect a president. Dealing with votes it is a problem to have a run-off election. One of the concerns with Electoral College is that ".. voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." stated in source 2. But the Electoral College simplifies that problem with the electoral votes. Remarked in source 3 it says "For example, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370 electoral votes, respectively.)" without the Electoral College it would have complicated the election procces but thanks to the Electoral College reduces the complication and produces a clear winner.

To win, the majority of the states have a system that gives all the electors votes to the winning candidate except Maine and Nebraska having their own way of proportional representation which is explained in source 1. This gives the certainty of a result, for example in source 3 it says that ".. even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landside electoral-vote victory in that state" this makes it highly unlikely for a tie. The Electoral College gives political balance to large states (population wise) higher the population the more problems, concerns ,or interests is needed to be attend to. Like how source 3 says " .. a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does..."

To me all these reasons should prove to you that even though the Electoral College has its problems it's benefits outweigh it. So being in favor of keeping the Electoral College is the right choice don't you think so too?    