Venus also known as Evening Star Is planet no to different from the planet earth. However this planet shows many challenges that don't allow us to learn more about it. The author males it very clear that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author supports his idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger many times in this article for example in the text it says "The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has one paerticularly compelling idea of sending humans to stufy Venus." How are we gonna send humans down to a planet we dont know that much. This is just one of the many text eveidnce the author put in the text to show Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.

The author from the very start of reading this article shows that Venus is well worth the time and effort we are putting towards it. In the text it says "Often referred to as Earth's "twin" Venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size". Venus and Earth are alike in many ways for example Earth Venus and mars are our lanetary neighbors they orbit thr sun as different speeds. These differences in speed mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times closer to Venus because how it says in the text "Venus is sometime right around the corner in space terms." This is other example on how well the author supports his idea of Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present.

We have tried many ways to try to learn more about Venus but there are many things getting in our way of learning more about Venus for example in the text is says "Humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this could-draped world". We are more then exicted to try to learn more about Venus but thats not the only thing stopping us from learning more In the text is says "However peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limtied insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective." As you have read normal taking photos will not be enought just to learn and see how Venus surface is we need to go down and see ourselfs however that will be very hard somce no spaceraft survived the landing for more than a few hours as stated in the text. The author shows why his statment of how Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present in many ways.

Astronomers are fascinated with Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system a long time ago. If Venus was once like Earth maybe it can be again because our Earth will not last forvever we will need somewhere else to go and maybe that place is Venus. In the text it says "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported varous forms of life just like earth today Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. The planet has surface of Rocky sediment and includes familar features such as valleys mountains and craters." This text evdience shows why we are interested in learning more about Venus and once again supporting the idea of the author that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it present.

The author has shown more than once that he strongly believes that Venus is well worth all the time and effort they are putting into it. However this planet shows many challenges that don't allow us to learn more about it. The author from the very start of reading this article shows that Venus is well worth the time and effort we are putting towards it. Astronomers are fascinated with Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet. We have tried many ways to try to learn more about Venus but there are many things getting in our way of learning more about Venus. In conclution The author never let up on his idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger.