Since the beginning of time, humans have been known to ask for advice from more than one person, whether it be for the best way to cook dinner or for the best method to conquering a country. Recently, it has been questioned as to why people ask multiple people for advice. Asking multiple people for their opinions on a topic could waste time and effort if the topic turns out to be a bad choice. However, going into one thing based off of a single person's opinion could potentially waste more time. Instead, seeking more than one opinion can help people make better decisions because everyone thinks differently. First, hearing people's experiences gives someone accurate information. Second, creating a survey showing the pros and cons of the subject could give someone an idea of what the subject is about. Finally, getting a variety starting programs could allow people to understand what their current level is at. Knowing this, asking multiple people for their opinions would allow someone to understand the topic and create a confident decision.

First, hearing of someone else's experience could benefit the beginner. If people were to start a game without looking at reviews, they would not know if that game was good or bad. Reading the reviews would allow the player to understand if the game would suit their taste or if it is not worth their time. A second example would be of an author making a realistic fiction book based on soldiers experiences during a war. The aspiring author could ask veterans of their experiences in the military or the battlefield to get accurate information. If the author were to ask only one veteran, they would only get one person's opinion and not everyone else's. However, asking for multiple opinions would allow the author to write about what an average soldier felt during their time in training or war. Hearing everyone's experience in a subject would allow one person to get an understanding on the topic instead of hearing a single opinion.

Second, getting a better viewpoint on the topic would allow someone to get a more unbiased opinion. Asking just one person of their opinion on a book is not enough. Instead, asking more people would allow someone to see what type of book it is. Elaborating on this, someone might tell their friend they dislike a romance novel because they do not like romance. However, the friend could ask another friend who might say they enjoyed the book because of the plot. Creating a survey on the topic could also help the reader graph out the pros and cons of the book; having a good story line and a bad romance. The survey could also show the reader if the book is a good fit for them depending on what the reader likes to read. Making a survey based on people's opinions on a subject would allow someone to understand if the subject is good for them.

Finally, if the person has decided that they want to start learning the topic, getting advice on how to begin from different people is a good way to learn. For example, learning how to program. If someone were to want to program but did not have anyone to guide them in the beginning, they would not know where to start. Getting one opinion might not help either; the starting point the person gave might not help their friend because they both have different methods of learning. However, getting different sources of learning could help a person learn how to code. For example, the first person someone asks for advice from might have a difficult program that is above one's skill level. However, that program could be used for a later time when a person reached that point. The second person someone could ask for advice might have a better starting point because they both started to program with the same amount of initial experience. Receiving different sources would allow someone to try out new methods of learning and seeing which one benefits them the most.

To make the best choice, people talk to more than one person to get different opinions on the subject. Hearing of multiple people's experiences could benefit other people because it allows them to understand the difficulty of the task. Getting a survey of everyone's opinions could tell a person what the general viewpoint of this topic was. Finally, asking for the best ways of how to start would allow them to receive the best education. Asking for advice from multiple people could give a person a better perspective on a topic and decide whether or not they want to spend time on it. 