We, the people of the United States, live in a car happy society. Every teenager can't wait until their 16th birthday because, for mostly every kid, that means that they go get their drivers liscense and possibly their very own car. Also, adults always look at getting a nice luxurious car and the top make and model of that year. Well, without a shadow of doubt, we should adopt the plan to cut down our usage of cars. It seems very successful considering 70% of Vauban's families don't own cars. It is detramental to our country.

In case you haven't noticed lately but there is alot of polution in the air.

According to article 1

, anywhere up to 50 percent of car-intensive areas in the US make up the greenhouse gas emissions. It is depressing seeing all of this smog and polution in the air everyday. Just a little heads up but the polution increases every single day we use cars. It is a shame seeing such an extravogant and extraordinary country go to crap due to polution. If you want to see how every state is going to look if we keep relying on cars then go to California and see how much of an eye sore it is. Cars are one of the major factors responsible for smog and polution. Polution from your car can lead to animals dying and especially humans dying from your automobile.

People today care alot about making and having alot of benjamins (

money

). Everyone wants to be rich and have the most expensive types of stuff, lets face it who doesn't. If you cut back on putting money towards your car then that would save you a ton of money. Just imagine if you didn't own a car, think about all of the things you would't have to buy and pay for. Cars are expensive just to buy in the first place let alone having to pay for gas and maintain it and all of that stuff that needs to be done to it. Also say goodbye to the mechanic visits and having to deal with the stress that comes from them. It would cost less money to not own a car and just take city transportation via bus or taxi or even car pool. You could even go the healthy route and ride your bike or walk to places close by. There are many cheaper ways of getting places besides cars.

Cars can be very dangerous at times and driving can be as well. You are at a greater risk of getting into a car accident than getting into a bicycle accident. Car accidents happen everyday and most of the time they are fatal. Coming from personal experience trust me, being in a car accident is not fun and is really scary and nerveracking. It can also haunt you for the rest of your life. I almost lost my dad a couple years ago due to a terrible car accident that we were involved in that wasn't our fault. He hasn't worked since that day because he hasn't been healthy enough to do what he was doing. We both, still to this day, feel the gruling affects from that accident physically, mentally, and emotionally. It took a toll on us and there isn't a day that goes by that I don't wonder what would of been if we didn't get into that accident. So wouldn't you feel more safe in a bus knowing that your less likely to get hurt than in a car.

Without question it is neccesary to cut back on car usage and start going green and using public transportation instead. Cars are a crucial part of our polution today and that can easily change. All signs point towards the better option being to take a step back from cars for a little bit and see what the result is. Atleast once a week say that you can't use cars as transportation. This idea seems very good and well thought out and it will definetly show improvements that we want to see. So lets do it and see how much it affects our country. I know it will change it and make it better!               