Cars are a very important invention that helps people get from point A to point B. However, they are only good inventions at a limited use. Cars polute the air when everyone is using them in a city, and they also cause multpiple traffic jams and a great deal of stress to the users.

Paris has done the right thing foor the enviorment and the community, They have banned driving on mondays and tuesdays, and the cars are selected through even and odd license plates. This was a very good move, ever since paris satarted limiting automobile use, Smog has gone down 60 percent. This is most definitely proof that cars polute the air. Paris even made it better for the people who did not have cars for the day, by offering free public transportation during the weekdays.

Germany has also made an effort to limit automobile use by starting a community that has almost zero cars. Cars are forbidden in Vauban, Germany. 70 percent of the people in this city do not own cars and rely on bikes, scooters, and public transportation to get them around. A woman from source 1 says, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." this shows that people were not forced to be here for an experiment, it shows that life without cars, or at least a very limited ammount of them, can be very beneficial to not just the enviorment, but also the induvidual lives of the people that it is affecting. The city of Vauban has made an effort to be very dense and they have stores that are next to the residential area so citizens can walk there and not drive.

Bogota, Columbia is a revolutionary city that has made the decision to have a "no car day". Yu would think these people would not be very fond of the idea, but people are very excited for this day. The citizens wwere so excited that on the third celebration of this habitat saving day, it was a very rainy and moist day but the people were still ready to clean the air so they biked, skated, and used public transportation in the rain. Neighboring cities even fancied the idea of this new idea, and decided to join the festivities and had there own "no car day". This change is growin more and more popular since it gives people a sense of communtiy and cleanliness when they are not spreading smog around everywhere, and even more people continue to join in on this revolutionary idea.

Cars were once "the next big thing" and now, they are getting old. This is statistically shown, according to Doug Short's analysis, that as of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person dropped nine percent from wher ethe country was in 1995. Less teens are getting there license too, they are thinking of smarter ways to carpool and ways that they can walk to school and work. The largest ammount of people that are getting their license are older people renewing theirs. The hype of cars is starting to die down becaus epeople are either getting bored of them, or realizing it is hurting planet earth, is more beneficial, and most certainly cheaper to go with a bike.    