Car-free events have been happening often around the world. This event helps with pollution and smog. As it was said on these sources it is helping with environment, families etc. Families have said that they really like the new "trend" of not using your car or motorcycle on a specific day. This specific days have been established by a few groups around each of the places that it has been happening.

Cars in this time period have become a problem but at the same time it has good qualities. Teens are being allowed to drive without a license causing major accidents to others and themselves. But cars transport us where we need to be in a faster and easier way. Cars are a useful tool but only if it is used in the right way.

The government has provided states to have different options for transportation like: the bus and the train. This useful ways to transport have helped the "Car-free" event. This transportation methods may take longer but they take a larger amount of people to their destinations and not as much pollution is caused.

Evidence from this article says that mom's liked the idea of taking walks to go grocery shopping or any other place. The buildings have been built closer so the time the person has to walk is not a long one. If the day of the event you violated the rules which are to not drive your car you would get a fine. In other states they arranged it by saying that only even license numbers could go out and use their car on a specific day assigned if you were to get caught violating the fine was going to be 22-euro fine ($31).

In Germany, there were some different rules when you were to buy your house, in the overall price, you had to pay for your parking $40,000. Home garages are forbidden so are street parkings and driveways. THe only place that is not car-free is "downtown where Freigburg runs". Cars are allowed to be owned by someone but there are only two places where you could park which is the parking you pay for when buying your house. This has caused Vauban's families to not own cars at all.

In the United States, President Obama has asked: " has america passed peak driving?" this is due to the results from the age of 16- to 39-years-old, the percentage of people getting their license dropped. Now they are not even bothered or in an urge to get it.

In conclusion, there are many states approving of this event which it seems to be luckly succeding. It has changed people's way of life by taking longer to get to their destinations but getting closer as a community.                                                                                                              