In an age were technology is advancing by the year, many school districts offer different types of learning depending on the type of school. Students of these districts has a choice of attending school virtually from home or being in the actual school. Students can benefit from being able to attend classes from home rather then being there physically.

To start off, being able to attend virtually from home can help with ones' schedule to become more flexible. For example, If one has a doctor appointment at 10:55 but their class is at 9 and and goes for 50 minutes, one can finish her class and start on any homework before needing to go to ones' doctors appointment. This can greatly benefit not just the student but the parents as well because the parent can schedule an early appointment but not having to miss and instructional time. Also, a parent can have a stress free schedule. Ones' parent can schedule their appointment on the same day as ones' other sibling's appointment, so it will be stress free for their parent's schedule. This may be a huge benefit for some parents because if they have multiple children and they do sports and/or any grouping activities, they may not have enough time to schedule doctor appointments or go to the dentist due to not wanting their children to fall behind and miss a lesson which can lead to their children not going to the doctor or the dentist as much as they need to go and can harm their health.

Second of all, The parents can set how fast they want their student to learn and if they want it to be year round or not. Some parents may want to go on an vacation but they don't want their student to miss any instructional time and fall behind. That is why being able to have online classes is a better choice then attending school because their student is able to keep on learning from the vacation spot and being able to not fall behind as their fellow classmate. In additionally, If ones' student falls behind of the classwork and isn't completely understanding of what their doing, they can slow down the speed of what their learning and go on their own pace. This can benefit the school because it can increase the test scores, it can give the student access to more one on one time with their teacher and it can make sure the the student is 100% understanding the work.

Many may argue that students may not be actually attending these classes or may cheat their way through school, but as technology advances so will schools and how they catch students cheating on a test or an essay. Also the parent will get a weekly report on their students progress through out the school to in sure that students are doing what they need to get done. Also they may say that some students may not have an access to technology or they may not be able to do online school. Even though these school districts are offering online schooling for their students, their still able to go to a regular school and have a fixed schedule, instead of having online school.

Thus, as technology advances in schools, Students benefit from attending school from their house instead of going into an actual school because ones' schedule can become more flexible, a parent can have a stress free schedule, the parents can set how fast they want their student to learn and if they want it to be year round or not and they can slow down the speed of what their learning and go on their own pace.