This computer system is something that could change alot of things including how students and other people feel about their emotions. This could change the lives of a lot of people and a lot of people could use it like poice officers or somebody in the FBI to figure out an investigation or even a doctor could use it to see if somebody is really in the mood they seem to tell the doctor they are in.

This type of coding in a computer could be good for people who are making ads for the people that are browsing the internet and they could be posting ads that people would look at while they are in a bad mood or a good mood. This Facial Action Coding System is gonna be very useful for analyzing paintings like the Mona Lisa painting by showing the expression of face it has on it. By looking at the expression of face on the Mona Lisa painting, we could see what mood the painter was in at the time of the painting and by the story it looks like he put a bunch of effort and detail into that painting, almost like he wanted to use it for this new software. I think that using this on students in a classroom would be very rewarding for the students because the teacher could use it to tell if the students are bored and then the teacher could change up the lesson and make the students follow along more. Yes I do think this is a very valuable software towards students and teachers in a classroom.

This could be the future of teaching, the teachers would stop having boring lessons, and the students would be more productive and they would listen so much better to the lesson the teacher is teaching.

This is where basically the software is determined to be valuable or not valuable. I think the software would be an excellent thing to have and start it off in all schools, they could use it when visitors buzz in, they could use it to analyze their faces and it would let the staff know if the visitor was nervous, mad, or happy. This would be excellent for schools and then it could be spread around to other places, like the local police station and other places like that. This is a very valuable piece of work, or software and it would be great to use on students in a classroom.