In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming the author displays positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. Although driverless cars are very fascinating, they pose several negative aspects including safety hazards, liability issues, and the car's technological abilities.

Safety is the most important thing when it comes to developing a driverless car. Right now driverless cars "... can steer, accelertate and brake themselves, but all are designated to notify the driver when the road ahead required human skill, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." The driver must remain focused on the road, even in a driverless car. According to Dr. Werner, this poses a psycological hazard because a driver is prone to get bored while the car is normally driving. This can result in an accident due to the driver's faliure to respond to the driverless car (that needed human support, while navigating through a problem in the road). If driverless cars still need a driver, the car is still not safe enough to be out in the public because it is a risk to both pedestrians, passengers and drivers.

Furthermore, driverless cars can also lead to issues in traffic laws and liability. Since now traffic laws are made based on the assumpution that the car is under the control of a human, if driverless cars became available it would lead to problems in deciding what traffic laws will apply to what people. One very important issue posed in the article was that "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?"

Some people may believe that the development of driverless cars is a positive thing since our technology is capable to making driveless cars that are safe (to a certain extend) and have a ability to mimic human skills. Although this all sounds very exciting and futuristic, driverless cars are still not driverless. They still need human support , and regardless of the smart technology, any technology has the ability to malfunction, which will then lead to other issues.

To sum it up, driverless cars seem like amazing vehicles that can make transportation easier. However, if you look deeper, you can undertstand how difficult the development of these vechicles is. In this case, the negative aspects of driverless cars definately override the positive ones.             