The debate whether students would benefit from taking their classes at home has been a long one, with good points made for both sides, but one has finally proven itself to be more beneficial to students. With more one on one time with teachers, less distractions to disrupt learning, and more time to focus out things outside of school, taking classes at home has proven to be the better of the two options.

The first reason that students would benefit more from taking classes at home, is more one on one time with teachers. In a normal classroom setting, there can be more than 30 students for every teacher. Because of this, it is often very hard for a student to have one on one time with a teacher so they can understand a concept better. When this happens students can get behind in their class and start the downward spiral of failing their class. When a student takes their classes online from home however, it is a lot easier to get one on one time with their teacher so they can fully understand a concept better and not fail their class. A student taking an online course from home can quickly message their teacher asking for more explanation of a concept, compared to a student at a normal high school who might have to wait days or weeks to get that one on one time with their teacher.

The second reason that students would benefit more from taking classes at home, is the fewer amount of distractions they have. At home, a student faces a lot fewer distractions then they would in a normal high school setting, they dont have to compete with other students for attention, teachers are more focused on each individual student rather the whole class as a group, and there is no drama for a student to get involved with. Because of the fewer distractions at home, a student taking online classes at home is able to focus for longer amounts of time and retain information better than if they were in a normal high school setting.

The third and final reason that students would benefit more from taking classes at home, is the less amount of time students spend taking classes. In a normal high school setting, students have a lot of time not spent in classes. Between lunch, class changes, and time spent before and after school sever hours of a students school day is wasted not learning. At home, a student can do all of their classes back to back and finish their school day in four or five hours, compared to a student who attends a high school who finishes their day in eight to nine hours. With all of this extra time in their day, a student who takes classes at home can spend more time doing other activities such as sports, clubs, and spending time with their family.

The argument of allowing students to take classes at home has been going on for years, but one side has shown itself to be better than the other. Students taking their classes at home has shown to give students more one on one time with teachers, offer less distractions and keep students on track, and allow for students to give more time to activities outside of school, making it the most beneficial options of the two.