Do you belive in the supernatural or in acient civilizations, like aliens? Well I don't. In the passage "Unmasking the Face of Mars" there are two major opinoins on if there once was a civilization on Mars or if it was a natural landform. Based on text and factual evidence I belive that the "face" on Mars is a natural land form.

First, "on April 8, 2001- a cloudless summer day in Cydonia-Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look." (10) "Malin's team captured an extrodinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resoulotion." (10) Which Means they got the best picure they could.

In addition, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digitial image 3 times bigger than you the pixel size. (11) "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you would be able to see what they were!" (11) This proves that if it was a civilization, then it would have other structure too, but it doesn't.

My last peice of evidence comes from (paragraph 12), "The picture acutally shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa0landforms common around the American West." "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," says Gavin." "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars." (12)

Finally, to oppose my argument the article also stated that, "The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April '98- a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. (9) Some people are not satisfied with the results. They say,"The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." (9)

Based on experts, text, and factual evidence I belive that the "Face" on Mars is a natural land form. I belive that the "Face" on Mars is just a natural landform because the author uses evidnce like how they went back on a clear day a took magnified-detailed photos and how things would have showed up if there were things living on Mars. Now, do you belive that there are civilizations on Mars?    