I think that using the Facial Action Coding System in schools is a great idea.

Teachers always want to know if you understand the lessons and objectives they are teaching you.

If you're anything like me then you will just act like you know what's going on because you don't want to ask any questions.

The use of the Facial Action Coding System in classes would be valuable because it would help show the teachers if the students understand what they are being taught, it would help the students understand eachothers emotions, and since most schools have technology the system could show how they are feeling on their devices as well.

If teachers had the Facial Action Coding System device on hand they could easily see how the students are feeling about a particular lesson.

This would work well for the students that don't share their opinions in the classroom or at all.

If students did not understand a lesson the emotion reading device could show the teacher how the students are feeling.

If the device shows students are confused or bored, the teacher could modify the lesson to better the students and increase their knowledge capacity and possibly make it more entertaining.

The technology could also help the teenagers express how they truly feel because some teenagers are hard to read.

Some teens, like myself, have a resting face that makes me look angry at the world and unapproachable.

I think a device like this would show that some peers are not as angry or upset as their resting face shows.

Also, most communication takes place over technology nowadays.

Personally, my school has laptops and I think it would be great if the software was on our devices because emotions play a huge role in everyone's lives.

This software would also help numerous school guidance counselors across the globe because they deal with all sorts of emotions everyday.

I know some of my peers do not enjoy sharing emotions or their opinions on certain situations with people they are not familiar with, and I am the exact same way, but if you are in harms way and still will not express what is going on then this device would be exremely helpful.

The technology has the intelligence to identify mixed emtions which is helpful because most people have trouble percieving facial traits and expressions.

If my school had this software, I would be all over it trying to find out how I feel because sometimes I don't even know my own emotions.

The use of the Facial Action Coding System in classes would be valuable because it would help show the teachers if the students understand what they are being taught, it would help the students understand eachothers emotions, and since most schools have technology the system could show how they are feeling on their devices as well.

I think using the Facial Action Coding System software on our school computers is brilliant idea, and I personally think my peers would test it out in a heartbeat.

There are numerous benefits and positive outcomes from using this software in a classroom. 