Why do people ask multiple other peers for advice? You can never trust just one person's opinion. Going into a situation where u are confused, and dont have a clue what to do about it makes you question what to do. Most people can't choose an option for them self, so asking for another person's opinion gives them more options to think about. You have to think about the other options there are that can be better in the long way. Just a family member, friend, or even a neighbor's opinion, can make a better choose for you. Most people ask for more than only one person's opinion because, it opens more possibilities for you, and because it helps you make a decision, and what could happen to your future, and seeking not only your opinion can make you smarter now knowing every way you could look into the situation.

The more people you ask the better. Knowing only your point of view, can make you doubt your options and make you think other wise. Knowing not only your opinion, but two or more can open up a new point of view. Asking for only two options can be a 50/50, depending on your options,if only having to options can further lead to either someone agreeing to you,or picking the other option. But asking for anymore than 3 can make a clear path of an option. Having an odd number to uneven things out can be very helpful. Using an uneven number gives the better opportunity,of a better point of view.

Not knowing what to do with your options can be very stressful. You can go back and fourth with your self going through your options, thinking which option will be better in the long run. Making the right decision can then effect your future, like picking which college you want to be in, can make or break your future. Not making the decision can also have an effect on whats gonna happen in your future. Making decision is purely up to you, but decisions that include something that can effect your future or other people,should probably include asking other people what they think about the situation.

The more you know about the situation the better. More knowledge can help you make a better decision. knowing more about the problem or situation can help, like asking others for their own opinion and asking them how they got what they got, or maybe even looking it up. The more people you ask about the situation, the more knowledge you know. By taking their knowledge about what they know and using your own information, can help make a informed decision. Maybe using the information you have can help other people, or yourself in the future.

So asking more people about your situation can be very helpful. Knowing all the information you have, or maybe other peoples knowledge can make a more smart decision. Sometimes not making a decision at all can be the best decision. Asking for more opinions can most likely always help you, but sometimes make it worse, but it never hurts to try it. But making an informed decision can be the best way the make the decision.