In the passage "Driverless Cars are Coming", cars are shown to be "futuristic cars" , that can run, drive, steer, and basically do everything a normal car would be able to do, except, it is "driven" by a computer. Arguments have been shown as some say it is dangerous, and as others say it is a good thing. These cars are, i believe, a bad thing, becuase cars are not safe at all to be automatically driven by themsleves. A human, is the safest and most effective way possible, to drive a car, not driven by a computer created so it makes driving "fun" or "safer". In fact, this is a very dangerous act, that should not be invented.

Evidence and details from the passage, in paragraph 9, it states that "most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers.", and this is saying, that, basically, a computer, or automatic self controlled car is not safe to drive, and that the safest way to drive a car is to have an alert human behind the wheel driving. I highly agree with this, becuase driving a car is much more safer and effective towards pedestrians, passengers, the driver of the vehicle, and other drivers, unlike an automatic- computer self controlled car, which is not safe or effective at all, and it is actually very dangerous. It also says that the car will be able to detect when it is too close, going too fast, or is about to wreck . As stated in paragraph 7, it states that "the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel.", also, "they can steeer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to noltify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents.", etc....

Futuristic cars ARE NOT SAFE TO DRIVE. at all. simply, becuase, more accidents could occur, drivers are not contolling the car at all, it is all the computer controlling it, even though the car has cameras inside it, watching the driver, making sure they are focused on the road, paragraph 7. This is not only safe and somewhat dangerous in a wya, but is also creepy. Imagine you were inside a computer controlled car that has cameras inside watching you.

Based on the evidence and details from story, it is proven that these cars are both safe and dangerous to drive. So, should we drive these cars, or no? I believe the answer is no, myself. Because, yes these cars are somewhat safe to drive, but they are also very dangerous to drive as well. All of this depends on how the driver and the car respondto certain things while driving thopugh, in way, but is still dangerous and they should not be created or permited fro a driver to drive.