Community Service

Dear Principal

I am requesting that all the kids in the school should only do community service if optional. I am requesting this because not all kids want to help others or they are too busy to do anything else in there schedule. The kids in the school shouldn't be forced to do something they don't want to do. However if community service is something a kid wants to do it should be their own choice to decide.

I believe that community service should be optional because some kids are lazy or they just don't have a lot of time. The kids who are lazy and don't want too do community service are usually at home doing homework or hanging out friends. They believe that helping others is not something that they want to do. A lot of these kids probably don't want to help out other people because they are not getting paid. A lot of kids these days only help out others or there parents because of a salary or allowance.

The kids who are too busy on the other hand have no time to do community service. These kids focus on certain actives that take up there entire day. Some activities can be playing a instrument or having gymnastics or dance lessons. These kids focus and devote a lot of time to these activities because they want it to be their career when they grow up. The kids who want to become musicians probably would want to get into a music school such as LaGuardia or Juliard to further there musical career.

Anyways Mr. Principal I believe that if a kid wants to do community service they can do a lot of things. They can help clean up wildlife or plant more trees which is good for the environment. They can also work in nursery homes or help out fellow teachers at there school. When someone wants to do community service they can do a lot of things. It can be simple things like helping out neighbor which brings joy to the person.

Mr. Principal I believe that Community service should be optional not mandatory.

People have different reasons not to help out others. Some may be just lazy or some don't have time. Anyways Mr. Principal I hope you can take my suggestions into consideration and not make Community service mandatory.