Think of how many car crashes a day steal loved ones away from us. Think of all the mothers and fathers, sons and duaghters, and friends that are gone as the result of someone's careless mistake. The resaons behind most crashes is plain old human error. Well, what if we removed human error from the equation? If we take the driver away from the wheel and put them in the passesnger side, imagine how drastically the rate of crashes would decrease.

In todays modern world of advanced technology, we already have cars that can nearly drive themsleves. As the artical points out, there are cars that can drive themselves except when complecations arise such as traffic jams and roadblocks. Google's Toyota Prius has multiple sensors that moniter the area around the car and allows the car to funtcion as if there was a driver behind the wheel. Sensors can also allow the car to brake faster than a human could in emergencies and reduce the power of the engine.

The laws reguarding computer driven cars are all concerned about saftey, as they should be. Although, if a company, such as googlel, could create a perfect driverless car, shouldn't those laws be changed instead to any driverless car must be thouroughly tested and cleared by an organization or group not apart of the company itself to make sure there are no problems whatsoever. Also, in the event of any accedent caused by the car, the blame should undesputibly fall onto the company. The risk of crash would be outweighed by the benefits of driverless cars, though. Even in the event of an unlikely crash, there would still be fewer crashes than ever before.

Another benefit driverless cars offer is the time saved. How many of us have been late to work, a meeting, or school bescause of traffic? Traffic is genereally cause by wrecks or roadwork. While roadwork cannot really be avoided, with driverless cars, there would be nearly no wrecks at all. Then no one would need to sit in a mile long traffic jam as someone else gets their promotion at work becasue they are not there. Also, no one would miss their turn or get stopped for running a red light and have to wait to get their ticket. As the saying goes, time is money.

Even thoug a toatlly driverless car has not been invented, we are very close. Along with the extra safety that comes with humans no longer driving, time wil be saved, along with money. Las wouold aslo be changed so that the passengers in the car would not be to fualt in the instence of an unlikley crash. With driverless cars on the rise, we have a safer, more adnaced future ahead of us.   