Have you ever mad a bad choice and needed advice to help you make a better choice ? Sometimes we all make make bad choices and dont think before we do. However its important think it out clearly or talk to somebody you feel secured with. I once made a bad choice in class but i talked to my school consular and was all better for the rest of that day.

However, theres different people you could go to for advice. Also theres different places or things you could use to get your mind off of something so you could make that better choice and dont get mixed up in trouble. One person you could go to for advice is a home counselor or school counselor. Counselors, are very helpful if your parent is working and you feel angry or sad and feel like you about to make and bad descions your counselor could help. They could take you out for something to eat and talk to you about the problem you having. They could even put you in a program too keep you focused.

Also, a second thing that could help you out is talking to your love ones. Me personally i think talking to your mom and dad. And most of the time people act different ways because they lost a loved one or somebody not in there life that they need to be there for them. And good things your loved ones could do to help you out they could take you shopping and buy you something you like to make you feel loved and know that someone is here for you. sometime theirs very hard trying to talk to someone so its very important that you go to somebody thats easy to talk to and understands you for good advice.

Next, i think something that could help you out and could take your mind off certain things is a vacation with your whole family. You could have quality time and know that your love you and tell your family about what been going on and they maybe could have a solution to help you out.

Also why your on your vacation you could explore different things and get enjoy different great activities. you may even get closer to one of your family members and you start to come come to them more for advice.

In conclusion, sometimes it may be hard not to make bad choice but its always great to to talk to someone you trust for advice. however sometimes it may not be a bad thing it may just be for and ordinary thing like needing helping pick out a pair of shoes or a shirt and you need advice so you can have a better choice. Therefore next time if you need advice to make a better choice just go to a relative or an friend So next time, you could understand.