Hey im Luke im sure you read about me or atleast know a little about me. Im not here to say thank you but im really thankful though. Im here to say you should join the Seagoing Program. When i was seventeen and i joined the program. I did it for my country but then i found out that i can get pleasure from it too you get to take care of animals but if you are like me and used to taking care of animals you wont care about that.

You should join the Seagoing Coboys program because you can see amazing things if you read the biography then you know that in paragraph 5 I saw an exavated castle in Crete on my way to China. You dont just sit there taking care of horses and other farm animals you also get to play games. I do other things too if you read paragraph 8 of the biography about me then you know that us cowboys found time to have fun on board. W e played baseball and volleyball games in empty holds. Sometimes we even played table-tennis tournaments,fencing,boxing,reading,whittling and other games too.

Im not saying thats its all fun and games because its not. One time I even broke my ribs while on the boat as you can see in paragraph 7. Boats will tip over,sink or they might even rock. That still doesnt stop you from atleast trying to make a difference. You can still make a difference for people.

In conclusion being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than adventure it also opened up the world for me. You can also help other countries out that are doing worst than you or that are not doing good at all. As you can see in paragraph 9 that I am grateful for my opportunity to be a Seagoing Cowboy. By becoming a Seagoing Cowboy it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs and because of that awareness my family hosted a number of international students and echange visitors for many years as you can see in paragraph 9 of my biography. Im saying all of this because i want you to join the Seagoing Cowboys program not only to have fun and go on adventures but to change peoples lives in other countries and to open up a new world for yourself.