I disagree with the principal saying that we should have at least one extracurricular activity. It's beacause students struggle with school and forcing them to keep using their brain for no good reason at all. We need time to relax and I also disagree with the principal for other reasins to. It's also more work for teachers. I don't know if even the county board would agree with the principal.

Students would hate this in my opinion. Also the brain has it's own schedule to work. By adding more time to that schedule it could mess up the human body and tire out the brain. Students are here to learn not to participate in extracurricular activities. I know some students would want to participate. So that's why I said it should be a option and not be forced to partcipate so students can get there way. Also if a student is behind in any work at school,forcing the student to participate would put more weight on his back. So in clunclusion to this paragraph I think the students would disagree with the principal.

Teachers work so hard to grade,make test,plan and help all the students. So by making the teachers work more by making them teach the extracurricular activitys would also tire out there brain. Even if they didn't make them teach the activitiys it would stll affect the teachers. When the students brain is tired out it stops listening and it makes the student stop foucusing which makes it harder for the teacher to teach. So in conclusion to this paragraph I also think the teachers would disagree with the principal.

So to finish this off I think the principal is out of its mind and before deciding the principal should consult with the teachers and the students. Sometimes whatever you think is the best for people really could be the exact oppisite.

Also the principal would have to do more work because the principal would somehow have to fit it in our schedule. By doing this it would just make everyones life harder. So in conclusion to this I,maybe the teachers and maybe everyone else wouldn't agree with the prompt.