Do you think getting advice from more that one person help you make a better decision? Yes I think getting advice from more than one person help's you make a better decision. First getting more than one advice from someone help's them make a better decision because they know what advice they need and what they don't need. Second receiving advice from more than one can make you combine all of the advice's together to make one big advice.

While getting advice from one person is great, Receiving advice from more than one person is beneficial. Getting advice from more than one person is more profitable than getting it from only one person. Getting advice from more than one person can help you really think about the advice's people gave and you can benefit from the one's you understand. When you get the advice's from those people they want you keep it so you can use it in future. You can get advice from anyone but you have to understand the advice that will benefit you.

When you receive multiple advice's you can combine all their advice's to get one big advice that summarizes all the advice's you were given. When you get advice from someone it connects to things such as, School, Sports, Jobs,and many more. When you get advice it's to motivate your self to do more. When you get advice from more than one person it's usually something your good at. When those people talk about the same advice you have heard before it all connects together to make a big advice. The big advice you get from all the people that gave you advice's is to either improve or be successful.

I think getting advice from multiple people can help you make a great decision. First getting more than one advice can help know what advice is useful and what advice is not useful. Second you can a lot of advice from more than one person but you combine all the advice's you got into one big advice. Receiving advice from more than one person is beneficial and it can help you come up with your on decision on what advice is good for you.