The author shows that the idea of studying Venus is a good idea even though it is dangerous by using many details from the text. The author uses descriptive evidence and examples to show us what to expect. It is also showed in the passage that the author gives us possible solutions to our current problems. Finally, the author also gives us facts to further prove their point. So the author uses many different types of ways to show how the studying of Venus is a good idea even with the many dangers that come with it.

The author uses descriptive evidence and examples to prove their point and to give us a visual in our head to show us what they means exactly. For example, the text states, ¨A thick atmosphere of almost 97 perecent carbon dioxide blankets Venus...Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus`s atmosphere.¨ The auhtor uses adjectives like thick and highly to show us exactly whats going on, to give us a visual in our heads. The text also states, ¨...such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals.¨ The auhtor is giving us an example to imagine and for us to fully understand just how dangerous this environment is. This shows that the author uses descriptive evidence to prove their point, as well as examples of just how dangerous the planet is.

Another way is, the auhthor also gives us problems and possible solutions to those problems, they use problem and solution. For example, the text states, ¨A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide...clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid....NASA`s possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray.¨ This evidence shows that there is a problem with how dangerous Venus`s atmosphere is, so the author then says in the paragraph after that NASA may have a solution. The text also states, ¨However peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditons...researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance...NASA is working on other approaches...simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus`s surface...¨ This shows that the author gave our problem once again about how the scientists can`t get anything done from a far, so they then continued to tell us readers how NASA is working on a new type of electronic to whitstand Venus`s surface. This shows that the author states a problem and then a solution to further prove their point.

Finally the author uses facts to prove their point. For example, the text states, ¨...some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus`s surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditons¨ This evidence shows that author is showing us that this is a soultuion to a problem and in doing so they are giving us facts to prove their claim. The text also states, ¨At thrity-plus miles above the surface, tempatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit...¨ This evidence shows that yet again there is another possible solution to on of our many problems and to give better reasoning to their claim the author uses facts. This proves that the author uses facts to further encourage their point of view.

So the author uses many key ways of proving their point. They used problem solution to further their reasoning. As well as examples and descriptive eveidence to show us what exactly was happening. Finally they used facts to help persuade us that this is worth studying. That is how the author proved that studying Venus is worth it even with the risks involved.