Studies have proven that 80% of students who have been involved in a technology-enhanced class from home, have been unsuccessful. With over a million kids in the U.S, an online class or video conference is a non-beneficial program that is being varied in present time. Many students who are not eligible to manage their necessities, are growing down the failure path. The belief that students who partake in online classes from home is invalid, due to the fact that students can evolve to become unproductive and unhealthy.

Each day students become more equipped with technology and their time becomes unproductive. Since most of their time is being used up home, many sources become a distraction. Technology, which grows immensely everyday, can make students fall off topic with their online class. Due to the program not being used wisely, students can take the easy way out and cheat through the class. Most students grow relationships with their teachers who they see everyday; however, students are not obtaining the same beneficial education as if they were to sit down and have it taught to them. An online class is not being explained or brought upon the way a professional would teach it. Attending an online class can be taken advantage of and your work ethic submerges. Which is why the productiveness of students attending an online class is unsatisfactory.

Sitting at home all day can become unhealthy, mentally and physically. Without any socialization with peers or teachers, students may start to feel lonely or stressed out. Having no physical contact, students have no trusted adult for communication, which affects their mental state. Being isolated, while taking an online course, can grow anxiety and depression. As much as student can be affected mentally, they are as well affected physically. A huge percentage of students attend school and return straight home once it ends. If those students were to began online classes, they would be sitting at home all day which becomes physically unhealthy to your body. Online courses promotes laziness for students who are not active or have non-related school interest and extracurricular activities.

Many students who are responsible enough are able to manage their time and succeed with online classes. The idea that students who benefit from online classes is successful due to their independence and time management.

As students grow they become more independent of their work and time management. Since they are able to have their own time at home, they can become more trustworthy of their needs. Students grow to become their own person by prospering from online classes.

Overall, the belief that students who partake in online classes from home is invalid, due to the fact that students can evolve to become unproductive and unhealthy. Taking online classes has many disadvantages. Students are not learning in a resourceful matter and do not have a way to portray what they have learned. While they are at home with no social interactions they began to feel alone and walk down the laziness path. Students need the correct fundamentals of the education they deserve and taking online classes where students are affected is not wholesome to students.