If you are a student and you have to do a summer project just know its in the best intrest of you from your teachers. I think that teachers should design the summer projects because students would make the projects to easy, the teacher would challenge what the students should know and the teacher would design a project for the students that wasnt to hard nor to easy. In my essay I will be talking about how I think that it's the right thing for teacher to design the summer projects.

First, if students had the choice to design there own project they would make it to easy. One time my friends and I were working on a group project and our teacher let us pick the project we wanted to do. We did the absoulet bare minimum work that we had to do on the project. So our teacher gave us a harder project to do and we did it and put in a lot of effort to it and we actually learned stuff from the project that we did. This shows that if you get to pick your project you will try to get away with doing the littlest you can on something.

Secondly, the teacher would challenge what the studnets should have learned over the year. Another example I have is one time when i was in English class I had to do a project on a book we read. I tried to pick an easy one a nd my teacher wouldnt let me pick that one. She pushed me to thrive to be great and not lower myself and not to be something great in life. Therefore this shows that if you try to not push yourself someone will try and push you to be the greatest thing you can be in life.

Finally, the tecaher would pick a project that isnt to hard or to easy for you to actually do. One example I have of this is histroy class when I had to do something on the computer I picked a really hard project and my teacher seen that I was struggling with it so he gave me a new project that suited me better than the one I had before. This shows that if you pick something to hard that your teacher knows you can't do they will give you something easier.

In conclusion this essay shows that if you are a student your teacher should design your projects because studnets like to advantegdege of power that they have and pick something way easier. If you area studnet and you think you should desing you projects you are wrong the teacher should design it.