Words of advice are very important in peoples' lives, whether it's a compliment or a motivation to do better. And in times of trouble or desperation, many people find help from more than one person. Seeking for more advice can help people make better choices in their lives because it helps a person find their mistakes and it can increase a person's confidence in difficult situations.

Finding multiple words of advice can help a person find his or her mistakes. For example, if a student didn't do well on an exam, most people, teacher and peers for example, would encourage the student to study harder for the next exam or retake the exam. However, part of finding advice and telling advice takes empathy and a motivation to succeed. Another example includes a system of elimination method, which means that if more people are noticing a person's mistakes, the more likely it is wrong. To conclude, having more people to point-out a person's mistakes through their advice would not only help the person to fix the problem in the future, but would increase the person's confidence and motivation.

Seeking for advice or a motivation can boost a person's confidence especially when difficult problems arise. For example, renound Basketball player Michael Jordan was one of the greatest players in Basketball. However, in his high-school Basketball years, many scouts and universities did not want to recruit him, until the North Carolina Tar Heels coach went to watch his game. In short, even though many greats have been criticized, they never gave up , and they used criticism as an advice for their motivation.

In conclusion, people should seek advice from more people because it helps make better decisions in life and advice builds a person's motivation and confidence through criticism. Criticism and advice takes an understanding of someone elses life, and helps them acheive greater goals and a greater aspiration, and the first step to a person's goal is to encounter his or her mistakes and learn to fix them. Without anyone to criticize someone's game, without anyone to help someone suceed, and without a second chance, then no one would be able to look out for someone's mistakes and point out a better choice, and no one would then be able to suceed in life.