"Will you go to prom with me!" Generic_Name popped the question. "Let me think about it," Generic_Name blurted out the words and ran away. Later that evening Generic_Name called her best friend Generic_Name. Generic_Name belted out, "Guess what, Generic_Name asked me to go to prom with him!" Generic_Name's smile dropped down to a frown. Generic_Name paused for a few seconds and then replied,"Generic_Name, you know I've liked Generic_Name for three years, besides he only asked you because he was dared to." Generic_Name's excited expression faded, "I guess you're right, I'll decline his offer." Later that month Generic_Name was getting ready to go to prom solo when she heard a knock on the door. She stared out the window, what she saw was truly unexpected. Generic_Name was standing on her front porch in sweatpants and a sweatshirt, it looked as if the homecoming king was not attending the most important dance of the year. Generic_Name slowly open the door; she was waiting on Generic_Name to say something. "Why did you say no?"Generic_Name threw up his words as if they had a bitter taste. Generic_Name only said what she could, the truth, "Generic_Name said you had just asked me because of a dare." Generic_Name cried out,"Don't listen to Generic_Name, I had been waiting for months to take you to prom and you declined only because you asked for advice from someone who is terribly biased." Generic_Name felt like she was to blame,"I'm so sorry, I should've asked advice from someone else." This story may have been fictional, but terrible misunderstandings can happen to anyone if you don't ask for advice from different people. Seeking opinions from many different people is important for decision making because you need to see a problem from different points of view to make the most sensible conclusion and if you ask one biased person they may lead you to the wrong choice for you.

Getting advice from more than one person can help you see your problem in many different point of view, therefore multiple opinions will lead you to having a sensible take on your choice. A few months ago my sister and I had a fight, she took my favorite dress and spilled food on it. I was terribly frustrated and confused so I called one of my friends. I asked her advice and she said that I should make my sister pay to get me a new one. The next day I was talking to me mom and I learned that my sister wore the dress on her first date that night, during the date he spilled her spaghetti all over herself. My sister came home crying because she felt worthless. Imagine if I only asked my friend what to do. I would have gotten mad at an already miserable older sister. Asking different people for advice led me to see my problem in a different way. Seeing from a wide point of view will help you make better choices because you know all the parts of the story.

If you only ask one person for their advice their opinion may be biased even if they don't mean it to be. If I ask for advice from my sisters about school, I always make sure to get other opinions because my sisters moved here in ninth grade, so their high school experience is way different then mine will probably be. Even if you trust someone they might not know whats best for you because they intertwine what is the right choice for you and what would be the right choice for them. For example, if someone wants to protect you they may lure you towards the safe option instead of the choice best for you. That is why it is so important to ask for multiple peoples advice because that makes your view unbiased.

Asking for advise from multiple people is mandatory because if you only ask for advice from one person your view on the issue will be biased and incomplete. Making important decisions is hard, but asking for multiple opinions makes it that much easier. 