Have you ever had the oppritunity of a lifetime?

Luke found his oppritunity of a lifetime; the UNRRA was Luke's oppritunity and experience of a lifetime.

The UNRRA helped Luke out tremeandosly; UNRRA helped Luke understand the situations people were in; the program helped Luke recognize and make him more aware of people's needs and problems that they are having to live with. This program opened up the world for Luke, and Luke used his experience in is lifetime after he was done being a Seagoing Cowboy; Luke housed many international students and exchange visitors for many years.

Luke has helped many lives; Through this experience Luke has made himself a better person, too.

One of the most memerable parts about this experience was the sights Luke was allowed to see; Luke loved the destinations he was allowed to view, for the price he paid to help other people.

Lucas was allowed to view

Venice, Italy by taking a gondalo ride; China; Europe;and the Panama Canal on his way to China.

If you are in the wrong demeanor or you are melancholy all of the time, join the UNRRA program. This program will help you out tremendously; it helped Luke out a great amount.

Even if you aren't the most gregarious person... this program could help you become more of a people person.

The program will give you an I-feel-like-I-know-everyone feeling.

This experience could help you be a better,more exuberant person.

UNRRA is an amazing way to meet new friends; those new friends could end up being your best friend for the rest of your life.

Don Reist was probably Luke's best friend for the rest of Luke's life; Don was the one who engadged Luke's intrest into the UNRRA program.

If it wasn't for Don ever inviting Luke on the trip, Luke might not of ever transfromed into a greater, helpful person.

Luke wouldv'e never transferred the knowledge he learned over to his family; Luke wouldn't of been elligable to house students or visitors; those people would never have gotten the chance to have their own experience of a lifetime.

You could be like Luke and help many people have their own amazing experience; you could be like Luke and set a new record for the most trips.

It's all up to you whether you want to help change a person or animals life.

The UNRRA is an excellent program;the program could help change you and your families life, or it could help you change a person and a families life.

The decision is all up to you; the decision is to help make the world a better place or to just not take your part in helping families and other people.

Everythig is up to you and your decision to join the UNRRA.  