TEACHER_NAME,

I have heard you are considering the possibility of banning the use of cell phones from school. Yes cell phones at times can be distracting but at other times cell phones can be a help to student and faculty. If a student is out of class and gets into any sort of trouble they could make a call with the click of a button. Yet if they don't have their phones students could get hurt and not be able to make a call resulting in many different types of crisis. Also with the technology that we have today students could do useful things on their phones. For example if the lost something they could send out messages saying they would give a reward if someone saw it. This would be much more efficient then a child walking around school asking every student in sight.

To insure the fact the fact that students do not use cell phones during learning hours of school you could have teachers collect cell phones at the beginning of class. If the students drop their phones off as they walk into class it may be a very efficient way to ensure children do not have phones in class. Another way you can be sure that the use of phones is not happening during learning hours is if you have students put their phones onto the corner of their desk. This way its in your sight and you know that cell phones are not being used. You may think what if students use their phones when the teacher turns around? Students phones must be turned off during class. If a teacher turns around for a minute to write something on a board, any student would know that he or she would not be able to turn on their phones and finish texting all by the time the teacher turns around they would simply get caught. This makes the method of leaving the cell phones on the corner of the desk another good idea.

In conclusion phones should be permitted during school hours when children are not learning. There are many techniques to ensure that phones are not in use during learning hours and above are just the most simple. The use of phones could save a life or just be very useful in case of any emergencies. Cell phones are a part of society today and that should be accepted

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME