Should or should not people use Cell Phones while driving Essay

Lately these days people have been using their cellphones while driving a vehicle. There are all types of cell phones like the iphone, samsung, LG and other well known phones. Some people think using cellphones while in a vehicle is a good thing because the phones are entertaining to them,people also use phones for checking the time, email, calendars, GPS. Some people think you shouldn't use a cell phone while driving a vehicle because they are a distraction,including watching videos, music, social media. Cell phones shouldn't be used while people are driving a vehicle because of the horrible outcomes that may come like death, killings, car accidents and more.

First of all, driving a vehicle while on a cell phone can cause all types of car accidents and more. People shouldn't drive or use any type of phone while driving because of the many dangers that may come. A lot of people get hurt or permanently injured from car accidents just for being on their cell phones while driving. Cell phones cause distraction and they aren't looking at the road. So many people have gotten into a car accident over the years and one reason can be because people being on their cell phones while driving, using or traveling in a working vehicle. These are some reasons why using a celling phone while driving is dangerous.

Second of all, vehicles are dangerous in general to people and animals, especially when people are using their phones while driving a moving vehicle. It's ok for people to drive normally but when people drive a while on the phone, there is a 90% chance he/she will kill someone or themselves. You or that person may accidently kill someone and that someone meanwell to his/her family so either the family members might sue you of your money or just have broken hearts. For example, people who are driving a moving vehicle while on your phone can cause a lot of problems for them because they can cause many bad situations that could lead to the death of them or someone else who didn't deserve it. These dangers that may come shows people another reason why they shouldn't be on their cellphones while driving.

Third of all, no one should drive while on their phones is not good. Think of the many consequences that he/she could face if they ended up killing someone or hurting themselves. If you kill someone even if you didn't mean to you could face time in jail. For example, if you or someone else where to kill someone just because you were on your phone while driving you or that person could face time in jail or will get sued by that person's family and there's a 50% chance they'll make you pay more than thousands of dollars. The consequences shows people why driving while on their phones is not a very smart decision.

Driving while on your phone is not good and makes you an evil person. If people are on their phones while driving they could get killed,someone else might get killed and he/she will face sometime in jail or get sued by that person's family. People who drive working vehicles while on their phones are not they smart people. All of these reasons and more is why people shouldn't be on their phones while driving.                                                                                                                       