Some school require students to complete summer project, just to make teachers assure they learning over their break. But most summer project are not completed because students are traveling to other places, some are in a travel team for sports, some work over the summer, and some are not going to complete or not even look at the summer project. Since most students are busy over the summer, summer project should be student-deigned.

Most but not all student are going to have a job over the summer. Some will have two or three part-time jobs, since most student are underage and there still in school. Student can't have full-times jobs, so they get two or three part-time jobs. Their student that start working at 7 AM up to 9 pm or 10 PM. once they come back home, they take a bath and right to sleep. Most of them are going to forget the summer project is due and the summer project will just sit their inside the student bookbag.

Most student are going to travel over the summer. Their some that spends their whole summer traveling to different places, visting family member, visting friends that live far away from us, and not only that, people see sport events in different place. People see soccer games in Spain or England because that where the major teams are at. Some go see 24hrs Of Le Mans, a top motorsport event that happens evey once a year and is a race that people race of 24 hours in a 15 mile road. Or a Grand Prix race. If you go to a sports events or game, you meet people or student that from different part of the world. Plus student are not going to have time doing the summer project because most not all are in different part of the world.

There some student that are in a sports travel team, meaning that their team travels a lot. Their some student that are in a soccer team and travel to different places. Some are in a football team and they are traveling around the states. Some have their game overseas. Meaning that the game is every weekend, and training is every weekday.

Once student get their summer project. Student are not going to do it because is summer break, And a break means that you take a short period of time off. Knowing the meaning of break, some teachers give summer project to students. And teachers waste paper and ink and most projects go to the trash or it gets lost. Plus is not wise if your wasting useful materal, knowing that the project will end up in the trash, lost, or people are just not going to do it. School are wasting money because their ending up buying more paper and ink, paper and ink is not cheap, but knowing all of that teacher still give out summer project.

So know that most student are not going to do the summer project. Is not a wise thing to do, because knowing the meaning of break, some students are traveling, some are working, some are playing in a travel team, school are going to waste useful materal like paper or ink, some are just not going to do it. so that why I think summer projects should be a Student-Designed. Student know what their going to do over the summer, but teacher have no clue what their student are doing over the summer.           