Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because of family vacation, injuries or sickness, and babysitting. People sometimes dont want to go to class and they don't want to learn. They can video call or do online classes to make sure they are OKAY, SAFE or hanging out with their family. Online work when they can't show up to school and if they are to busy they can do their work at home. Onine work is helpfull when they don't know what they are doing in class.

People with family vacation, they are missing out of their school work, so when they are at their vacation they don't have to missed any work they can video call them and ask for help and they can recorded of what they are doing. With a family emergency they have to miss school but they can do their work after their family crisis like on a weekend. A family vacation is a long week, your friend can call or text you and let you know about the information of what they are doing in class. Something goes as adult they can work during the family vacation and after they are done they can go for their day. However if the family vacation is early they have to go but they have to do their work online in the car.

People with injuries can be really bad, if they can't walk yet and have to use a wheelchair, but they have to stay home and they can do their work at home or a friend can go to their house and give them their homework or work they have to do in class. When they do their work at home they don't have to missed any work and they can bring up their grades and they don't have to fail the class. With sickness people can get really bad cold or the flu and it will take them a while to recover. They need to stay and extra day to recover. However, they can get their work done while they are recovering from their cold or the flu.

People that are babysitting they can't go to school because the parent have to go to important meeting and he/she is sick or they are just babies, they have to babysitting while that parent is at work. Babysitting is a tough job but it is hard to get the work done. But if they have two older kids and just a baby they can turn watching the baby and they can do their work online while the teacher is recording the work. If they are doing the work online they can turn in homework that is already complete and their grade can go up and the next day they can go to school and turn in the work that is already complete. Therefore, when the older child is watching the kid and the kid is sleep they can do their finishing work.

Some people think that they shouldn't do online classes or video conference because they think is a wast of time, but if they are injured or sick or they have to babysit they parent can't do everything at once, if the kid is injured they can do their work online and they don't have to miss any work from school. Samething with adult if they are sick they can stay home and do work from home, so they don't have to get the other people sick. With injuries with school and work if they break their leg or both of their legs they have to stay home until they are recover and they can do school work at home and adult can do their work. in conclusion it is better if they can do their work online with a family crisis is important.     