Teachers design the worst summer projects ,in some schools it is required that students should complete a summer project to make sure that they are still learning something during their break ,but some schools give out summer projects that the teacher design. Most students would agree that student designed projects would very much benefit them. In ways such as they can actually know what topic or subject they are doing,it can show one students creativity abilities,and the students may be really be interested in the project that they are doing.

First,when teachers assign a summer project it might be something that the student may not know or can not get a grasp of because it is too difficult for them to understand. And in some cases if it is too difficult for them the chances of them just giving up and not trying are pretty high. That is why if they pick their topic or subject for their project it may lead to a better outcome. Then you will see a lot more from that one students project.

Second,summer projects are for people with creative minds and want to do so much to their project and make it look nice,but they would have to be limited mainly because it has to go by what the teacher assign. But if that is the case then if the teacher did not choose the project then the creativity would go through the roof due to the many of creative minds of students and they would be limitless. And the outcome of the summer project would look stunning.

Finally,when given the project from the teacher it may come to a surprise that some students may not be interested into that one subject or topic that they are learning,so they would lose interest in the whole project and not put effort into it. But if it is for a topic or subject that they are interested in and that they can choose the teacher would fully capture their interest and the student may put effort into the project. And if they know so much about that one thing then you are sure going to see a lot of things down on that project.

One can argue that this is not a good idea for students on choosing their project one reason one could say is that it may lack focus ,that this curtain thing wont help them in life, and that they need to know more important things in school so that is why teachers would assign these projects for the teacher to know the understandings of their students.

So in conclusion, student designed projects would very much benefit them. In ways that they can actually know what topic or subject they are doing,it can show one students creativity,and the students may be really interested in the project that they are doing. And this can help them do more well in school due to that one summer project.