There are both positive and negative aspects of driveless cars. There are reasons on why driveless cars should be on the road. But, there are also reasons on why they should not be on the road. One reason why they should be on the road is because they would use half the fuel of today's taxi. One reason on why they shouldn't be on the road is because they still need a human in the smart car, and that might cause wrecks due to the driver if he/she is not paying attention.

One reason why the smart cars should be on the road is that they are better on fuel. Google cofounder Sergey Brin says that he envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driveless cars form a public-transport taxi system. He also says that the cars he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. Television and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves. Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009.

One reason on why they should not allow driveless cars on the road is the possibility to wreck. The driver still has to remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. This necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the driver's attention whenever a problem occurs. Which sometimes it might not quick enough or the driver might not have enough time to react, which will possibly cause a wreck.

Another reason why they shouldn't allow smart cars is because they will cause more wrecks. Since they can steer, accelertate, and brake themselves, they might not brake in time when they get close to another vehicle. But, they notify the driver when the road requires human skills. They notify the driver when the driver needs to navigate through work zones and around accidents. And, they are better on fuel.

They shouldn't let the driverless cars on the road due to the possibilies of a wreck. Also, they might not give the driver enough time to react. Then, the smart cars require a driver in the vehicle anyways, and they need full attention inside the vehicle. Another reason on why they should ban the vehicles is because the quick change from vehicle to driver would be very quick.