The thought of extracurricular activity is a great idea in my opinion because I have a lot of free time out of school and I would love to spend it doing sports or clubs. But my opinion might not be the same for a lot of other people who may not like going outside and playing or being around other people. Most kids love to hang out with friends, but for me I enjoy just playing a little bit of basketball everyday then getting on my xbox and playing basketball game, thats just what i am good at.

Some of the pros about having these extra activities are that a lot of kids are able to meet new friends to hang out with. It can also get many kids for in shape with their body if they just so happen to choose a sport to play, but some kids may not be in to that and i am ok with that so they might choose a club which can give many kids a opportunity to have fun with other people who they might have not even known the name of before.

But there are many cons to this decision aswell. A lot of kids will just not be interested in the idea as many others would but that might not stop them from exploring what they can do or are good at. The club or activity can inter vein with the kids home life with their parents because if the kid has to stay after school a lot they will not be home to spend time with their family or have a hot dinner ready for them. The sports part of it can also mess with kids friendships and cause them to make enemies or get seriously injured play that sport.

In my opinion I think that the sports and clubs should stay optional but add more emphasis to it, make kids want to do it, for me if it was non optional I would enjoy it a lot but thats just me. it would be fun better overall for the students if they have never really been into clubs and sports like others kids have been into their whole lives.

So for me I think its has its own ups and down for kids but it should stay optional aswell as enforcing it more. please make this a thing I would love it so much because i cant play many sports, basketball is my one and only thing I am good at do I would love to expand into other sports.                                                                                  