All over the world people have been limiting there amount of car usage. In Source 4 labled

The End of Car Culture in paragraph 29 states that "President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States' greenhouse gas emissions unveled last week, will get a fortuitous assist from the incipient...". The United States is trying to do as well as the other countries who have already started this movement. The countries that have started are VAUBAN, Germany,  Paris, and BOGOTA, Colombia. The way these countries have started this movement is amazing.

First off in Vauban, Germany the streets are completely car free. They have a tram that runs from downtown Freiburg to the main thoroughfare. In section 1 paragraph 3 " As a result, 70 perecent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 perecent sold a car to move here." Car ownshipd are allowed, but you can only park in two places. In 2006 Vanuban, completed a growing trend in Europe. They are calling the movement "smart planning".

Second in Paris after days of record breaking pollution Paris ban driving for a little while to clear the air of the city. Sectin 2 paragraph 14 "Congestion was down 60 perecent in the capital of France, after 5 days of intensifying smog...". Diesal fuel was to blam since almost all of Frances cars run on Diesel instead of gasoline. The smog finally cleared up Monday for them to take the banned off of driving.

Last in Bogota, Colombia they statred a program that spread to other countries. This is the thrid striaght year that cars have been banned. So instead of driving cars they hike, bike, skate or take the bus. if you drive a car there you are faced with a $25 dollar fine. In section 3 paragraph 27 "The day without car is part of an improvment campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s.".

All of these countries have come up with some amazing ways to stop the use of cars in there countries. From Colombia, to Germany, and Paris they have made it easier for there citizens to stop using cars and take another way that won't pollot the air or make "smog" as some countries call it. So lets see if America can be the next countrie to join the movement, it could be by riding bikes, walking or car pooling!    