Dear School Principal,

Community Service is an amazing idea! I believe that more kids should participate in community service. People think that community service is something you have to do when you get in trouble. That is probably why not all students participate in different types of community service. In my opinion, you should create forms stating that everyone in the school is required to do community service, and below list a few small things that they could choose from.

I think community service is very important in many cases. For example, people cleaning up the sides of the roads could help keep our town clean. Another example would be, students reading to younger students could improve the older students reading skills, and help the younger kids understand different things. Students who volunteer for community service are trying to help and make sure the town stays in shape, even if they aren't doing much. They are also being amazing role models for the younger students, who would one day want to participate in community service. Students could participate in anything from reading to younger students to cleaning up the local parks and roads. They just have to find something they enjoy doing. Anything could improve our town, but sitting at home can not.

I think most students do not want to participate in these types of things because, they are just embarrassed or are not willing to help people out. There are many things you can do for community service and they will find something they like! You just have to push them to get started. That is all they really need, is a little push start. If you require community service more students around that area will want to participate, like children from other schools. Eventually it will spread and everyone in the area will be participating in different community service activities. Hopefully, by you starting this we could get people outside of our district to participate, but we have to start it. I believe that you should require students to participate in community service. I think it will help our town tremendously! We could also get people all over North Carolina to participate if we try. I hope you consider my letter, and mention this to other principals around the district.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME