Sure extracurricular activities are fun for some students, but if you try to make a kid who is already stressed out with school work and add more to their load it could make some students break down! When and if your principal or teacher brings up the situation they are probably only thinking about the benefits, and not the down sides. Some students would be just fine with this because they are already in one of those activities or sports, but for someone who are not, it will probably cause them to worry, (which we don't need that). Therefore I disagree that all students should be required at least one extracurricular activity because most teachers give homework, there would be no time to take care of pets or do chores, and it would just create more stress to add to student's everyday lives.

First of all, most teachers give homework to their students every night. If students also have activities in the afternoon there are so many bad things that could come from that. One thing that could happen is students rush through their work and don't do it the way it should be done. It would be just like telling a bunch of high school students," here you have twenty minutes to right a two page essay". Another reason could be if students have a lot of homework and stay up late at night to get it done they will come to school the next day tired, or even be late for school in general. The last way this can affect kids is if they do not get their homework done they can start to fail their classes. For these reasons I feel it would be unfair to require students to have these activities!

Secondly, I know that there is a huge amount of people and kids that have chores when they get home from work or, in this case, school. If kids have to go to their extra activities they will either end up not doing their chores or rushing through them and not getting them done well. Also research has shown that there are more families in the United States today that have pets than there are that don't. If kids have these extracurricular activities then when are they going to find the time to take care of their pets. These are just a few more reasons why I disagree with this decision.

Lastly, I know I mentioned it before but I will say it again, if students are required to do even just one extra activity it will just add more unneeded stress to their plate! Students already have enough stress in their lives that have to do with their lives at home, their grades, and drama at school. Also, if this were to really happen there would be a lot of kids that would feel insecure, or feel like they aren't good enough to do certain activities! I know that if this happened at my school I would be one of those students. There you have it, just one more great reason why we should not let this happen.

In conclusion, students should not be required to do an extracurricular activity because, students have homework, they have chores and pets to take care of, and they don't need the extra stress that will come with these activities. Kids should have the freedom to do as they please, (most of the time, anyway), and they should not have to do anything they don't want to do! If this is happening where you live and you don't agree, feel free to use some of this info to persuade your principal or teacher to not let activities continue to be a requirement!