Have you ever asked someone for advice upon a subject that you just do not have an answer to, but their answer wasn't very helpful? I have had that some problem, but I can handle the situation with gaining multiple viewpoints upon the subject. Let's say that you had a question that needed to be answered right away but you only asked one person which means you have obtained one viewpoint which can be beneficial in certain situations, but many people form their answers off of beliefs and past experiences. asking a variety of people can expand your knowledge to new heights therefore making you less reliant upon questions. Also, I would like to hear the responses from various viewpoints and beliefs. Lastly, you can conjure up your own decision based off of the knowledge you obtained from multiple sources.

Initially, It is very helpful to ask people who have been in the same situation as you, Because asking people who have no idea what the problem is going to result in a bad outcome such as either telling you they cannot help you as of now or just misinform you about the situation,and those potentially effecting you in the long run. If it is a repetitive action it can be ingrained into muscle memory and it will take months to deter that action,and the same goes for memory. Another reason why asking multiple people is a better idea is, those people could have connections to others who may clarify the problem better than them.

Secondly, you can expand you knowledge to new heights by using the information that you learned and apply it too everyday life, like using basketball foot work to help improve in football. and as you apply this as common knowledge you can then reach an all time high with the knowledge that you have obtained using multiple suggestions and make something that was supposed to help short term and making it long term and developing this skill early on can really affect our lives positively into the forthcoming of young adulthood. It can help no matter what profession you want to go into because decision akin is a ginormous part of life,like picking what clothes to wear, what you want to eat ,and what you would like to do for fun that day. Having these skills are important in making the decision and having multiple can help influence it even more.

Lastly, You can conjure up your own decision based off of the fact or opinions given through the multiple people and their beliefs and relate those to what your morals to come up with an idea of you own that may be better than all of the answers that were given and you can start to have more self confidence and be a more independent individual in general and become the best you can be and never be afraid to ask question because no one know everything in the world so embrace it and strive for knowledge,but that can only happen once you gain that strength and that confidence to go out an do what you want to do and be whoever you want to be. because once you realize that no one is perfect it can lift a weight off of your shoulder.

In conclusion, Asking multiple people for help is the best idea if you want solid advice and asking one person can cause confusion and bias in your decision. Just know how to identify fact from opinion and being able to differentiate those can help you form a factual decision. In a faster and more efficient way.