Many schools require students to work on summer projects to make sure they continue to learn throughout the summer break. I personally believe that these projects should all be student-designed because the students can relate to the project easier and the students also prefer projects that are generally visually pleasing.

Firstly, I genuinely think that student-designed projects should be used because the students can relate to it much easier than other type of projects. Many teachers don't understand this generation and due to this issue, students can't enjoy projects that are mainly teacher-designed. If the projects are student-designed, many students would be excited to complete it. Student-designed projects can include many things happening in this new generation. For example, in the tenth grade I had to complete a project in English. In this project I had to include examples of real life issues happening in this new generation. Many teachers would not understand half of the examples that were included. So, student-designed projects should be used over summer break.

Secondly, many students like to do projects that look very nice. Another reason why student-designed projects should be used is because they can be made visually pleasing. I personally enjoy being able to make a project that is appealing to look at. For example, in Chemistry last year we had a huge project to complete at the end of the semester. This project was also a student-designed project. In this project, we were making Chemistry board games to help study for the final. The students in the classroom all had to make their own board game, but the best part of it was the fact that we could make it look however we wanted it to. The students could make it insanely colorful and as big as we pleased. In the end, I still believe that student-designed projects should be used for students to continue learning throughout their break.

On the other hand, teacher-designed projects can also be a huge help to those students that need it. There is a possibility that certain students may enjoy teacher-designed projects more. In these type of projects, the teacher likes to include a large amount of words and also like a certain difficulty. Some teachers believe that they should have more difficult work to give the students an understanding of how difficult it may be once they start the school year. For example, in Algebra 2 last year, we had a teacher-designed project that we had to complete. I personally was having issues learning in that class and I always needed help. In this project he included a lot of words and made it very difficult to understand, but since he made it very difficult, it began making me think a lot harder. Since I was thinking harder, I began to work harder. So in this situation, teacher-designed projects would help certain students continue you learn and work hard throughout the long summer break.

In conclusion, while students are on summer break, they would more than likely enjoy completing student-designed projects because they could easily relate to the project and they also get to use their creative side with visually pleasing projects. With an exception of those who need help in their classes, they would enjoy more teacher-designed projects. 