Electoral College is the way American people get to chose who they want to represent their state or country. Why get rid of a system that has few flaws and gives people a since of picking their people? Electoral College should be kept because gives candiates a fair chance and lets everyone pick a representator.

To begin, electoral college gives candiates a fair chance. In source 3 it states " The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region has enough electroal votes to elect a president. This is a desirable result because a candidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president." This expalins that even if only a candidate only represent one region of the country electoral college can still give them a chance to win presidency. In source 1 it states " Each candidate running for President in your state has his or her own group of electors." This means electoral college gives a candidate a group of supporters to help him or her win a election.

Futhermore, electoral college gives the people a right to pick a representator. In source 1 it states " The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens". Everyone who is a United States citizen has the right to vote for who they want for representation for each state. In source 3 it states " Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign to really listen to the competing candidates knowing that they are going to decide the election. They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election". Thoughtful votes or people who just vote because everyone else is doing it doesnt matter. Everyone could vote for anyone with electoral college.

"Its official: The electroal college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguements in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguements against direct elections are spurious at best. It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college". I disagree with this statement because the electoral college gives candiates a fair chance to win electons and the people get to pick who they want to represent their states.

In conclusion, electoral college should be kept because it gives candidates a fair chance and allows the people to pick who they want to represent them.    