At first thought you may think that extracurricular activities are a terrible idea due to it meaning that your are taking extra classes. On the contrary actually. My thoughts about these activities correspond with our principles. They can help you work in teams, it gets you up and moving, and it may also mature you mentally.

If you sit in a classroom all day taking notes, not talking or working with anybody, how will you ever learn to work and coopperate with others.. Team sports are a fantastic way to learn to work with others. In order for a good team to be successful, they need to learn to work with their teammates. Debate club is also a fenominal way to learn to work with others. Although debates in the debate club are 1 on 1, you use others for support. Also, in order to come up those ideas you need to discuss them with your team for support and feedback. The student council helps you to learn how to compromise with others. I personally was on the debate club a couple years ago, and it taught me lots about how you don't always get your way and that in order to progress to a goal you need to take others ideas into account as well. People may prefer working by themselves, but working with others is a necessary skill in order to suceed in the future.

Obviously sports are a great way to excersise. 38% of kids in America don't play a single sport. If you play sports after or before school it can get you up and moving outside of the house or a classroom. This extra class is an easy and free way to help you lose weight or to stay in shape. I read an article on

The Washington Post that said that over 52% of students around the globe between the ages of 10-13 are slightly overweight. If students could choose to play a sport after school then maybe that number could decrease. I personally used to be overweight. I didn't play any sports and I didn't leave the house that often. My school offered an after school basketball program that got me interested in participating in sports. From then on I've done several sports such as swimming, basketball, and football.

Sports can definetly be a great after school activity that students take part in.

There is no question that taking extra classes can help you mature your brain and expand your intelligence. Schools offer several classes to help students keep up in class and excell in what they're learning. My school offers science and math clubs that allows students take practice tests, solve challenging problems, and play games at the same time. Some classes may seem exciting but they may also assign you colosal amounts of homework. With the extra homework you may have to dedicate extra time to finishing it. The extra homework can teach you responsibility because although it may not be a grade, it's something that you have to do in order to gain any benefit from the class. It can also teach you to manage your time. You need to make some room on your agenda to finish all the work. My friend Generic_Name took 2 science classes ( one after school) because he was sure that's what he wanted to pursue when he grew up. It taught him many new things that most people at his age don't know. As you can see extracurricular activities can expand and mature your brain.

I strongly agree with our principle that there should be a mandatory extracurricular activity because it helps you learn to work with others, gets you up and moving, and can mature you mentally. You should go tell your principle about this topic to make it happen.