Peple think that the only way of transportation is by car, well that isn't true. There are many ways in which you can go from A to B without a car. The people have gotten to depenent on cars and it just can't be that way because the gas used to power the cars are whats causing so much pollution and we need to stop that.

For places like china that has the most population in the world since a lot of poeple use cars over there, it made china the most polluted country in the world, which is never good pollution can cause serious problem that we the people do not want. All people have to do drive less and walk more or just drive less you don't even need to walk, but the less we drive the less polluted our world can be the better it is. People in Europe who live in Vauban, Germany which is a suburbed area, most of the people there dont use cars; 70 percent of the families that live in Vauban do not use cars and 57 percent of the 70 should there cars to move there. A population of 5,500 people, more than half of them dont use cars; now that sounds crazy but it works the area is less polluted and that life style is being adopted around the world in attempts to see if we the people can be less dependent on our cars and use them less.

Places like paris have banned driving because of to much smog in the air, and people who cantinued to drive got fined for 22-euros ($31) and more than 4,000 drivers got fined and there cars impounded for their reaction to the fine. Also in places like Bogota, Colombia they have a day were people are not allowed to use there cars besides buses and taxis and violaters were to face a $25 fine. That helped promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Other columbian cities have also adpoted this no car free day and are using it to also help with smog.

People do not need to stop driving all around but we need to start driving less to prevent smog and pollution, the less we drive the less polluted our world is, and it takes everyone to do that. In the United states there is a study were every year less people are driving and getting there liscens and that right there is a start. We the people must realize that we can not depened on car to much there are many alternitive ways of transportation we just need to learn to use those ways instead of cars.    