People around the world seek advice from others. I believe that people who have difficult problems and need advice should ask more than one to get more opinions on a situation and to confirm that a answer or opinion is right.

Personally, I think that seeking others for help on a problem should be something that all adults and children should practice on so they can get all points of view on a situation. Asking for others on how they think about on an event can help make it that easier to choose and get a full picture on it. Someone who needs to choose on a difficult tasks like a student who needs advice on how to ask a girl on a date or a high school student asking advice if they should go to a college should ask more then one person because it can help themselves find their own answer on a problem they might have. Having the ability to get courage to ask others on how they think on a particular subject is very important because it helps build up strengths that involve collaborating and teamwork. Then again, I do think that asking others on their views is important I also think that believing in your own mind and choice is important as well.

Getting a head start on asking others about their feelings or knowledge on a problems can help with their future too. As a student or child grows older, building new skills and improving on them to their fullest potential can help into their later life like improving on their chances of employment and creating strong bonds with coworkers, friends, and family members. Children who try hard to understand points of views on others will get a brighter and will get farther into the future because it can help on how people to be liked and viewed as a better person in society. That's why I think that people who are arrogant and are closed minded individuals don't get far or fall down due to them not having the skills like others do. Finally, I believe that people who are open minded to new ideas and plans will get better chances to do what they want later in life.

In conclusion, I feel that people who asks others on advice and moral support get farther in life because of how getting people to trust you by getting their opinion and getting them to be apart of the movement can help you be a better person in society, work, and at home.  