The question is how do I feel about driverless cars? I'm going to tell you why I think it's a bad idea to have driverless cars. In my story i'm going to tell you why I don't like the idea, why a homan should always be controlling the car,

and the consequences of a driverless car that could happen.

The reason I don't like the idea of a driverless car is there are so much money going to be wasted. Thousands of dollars wasted if all of a sudden your car is smashed. So many peoples lives will be at risk if they don't have a driverless car. How can you even feel comfortable knowing that you can kill somebody? In my opinion I don't like the idea of letting the car control my movements and the car makes a noticeable noise or sound that alerts me. I know some people would even fall asleep at the wheel. What if all of a sudden your car doesn't make that noise or sound without you noticing? I'll rather just control the car myself rather than letting it control me.

In my opinion I think that humans should always be at the wheel controlling it. It lets you control your actions not letting a computerized vehicle do it. What if you do get in a crash at least you know your at fault not the vehicle. Wouldn't humans get bored just sitting their? I know that some humans might fall asleep at the wheel and that can lead to a lot more problems. This is why I believe humans should control the car.

Lets talk about the consequences of a driverless car. Some consequences of a driverless car is injuries. No one wants to get hurt say your car loses signal and you fell aslepp and hurt yourself. Another consequence is if you hurt or even possibly kill someone else. That'll ruin someone's feelings of a driverless cars. The last consequence I can tell you but certainly not the only ones out there is possibly killing yourself. That can hurt so many feeling in your family. How would you think your family would feel if they said my "cousin" died from a computerized vehicle? That'll be the last thing I would expect at least right now in 2016.

There are a lot of more reasons why I think driverless cars are a bad thing. Just think about it me and you might think the same things. So I told you the reasons why I think driverless cars are a bad thing, why humans should always be controlling the car, and some consequences of a driverless cars. Not saying this could affect you personally, but I think this could hurt a lot of people in the long run.