There can be many reason why people had decided to stop using there cars and start doing more activities. First, cars waste money and gas and the gasonline burns and gases comes out and goes in the air. However, they pollution is destroying the air and leaving smog behind. Therefore, people should stop using there cars and think what should they do for the environment.

Using less motor vechicles are less important than the environment, the world we live in.

First, cars waste money and gas and the gasonline burns and gases comes out and goes in the air? We are wasting so much money on gasonline everyday and its ruining the air. Why because when the fuel burns, the gases comes out of the tanks and into the air and that's how we cause smog. We need air not chemicals to breathe and plants to help us breathe oxygen. We need sunlight so stay warm and have the plants and animals to eat and so we can stay health. What if you can you don't have to use the car for one month how would you feel about the air and the pollutionh without cars?

However, they pollution is destroying the air and leaving smog behind?

It's true that we are sometimes breathing in smog. It's disturbing that we have to breathe it in and out. We need to stop using cars and trying to figure out what we can do to protect the environment and the commiunty to help us. Many countries have smog and you can't be able to see the sun. Don't you want to end up like that place, and do want to be safe. Plus if we stop using cars and more into the environmentm we can connect to the people and other resources. Many people have a lot of stress when they are driving, what would you think if they got more connected to the world and having more social. They and even you can have a better life and having a good time socialing with others.

Therefore, people should stop using there cars and think what should they do for the environment.

Using less motor vechicles are less important than the environment, the world we live in. Many teenagers want to learn how to drive or wants to get there new car. But they don't notice other stuff going on in our world, they think they are more important than the world. But can you notice sometimes the most teens don't need cars like pther places because they don't need it and spend money on gas. Half the population had dropped of the percentage of teens driving. What can you do without cars and people who don't need it are better of having a life than people who spend on money on cars.

As a result, what can you do for the world without the cars and think about the air. Make a community without and motor vehicles and a better place for your have to live in. What would you have to do to stop using your cars and figure out a way to do transportation to a place you have to go. But had you know that in New York and France us there bikes to get to places. Because its a big place and not enough room to have cars to get to places. Plus its helps you stay fit and healthy. So think about the air and what can you do for the popluatin with people that have cars.    