Schooling can be a very arguable topic. Some students learn in varying ways and can focus really easily, while others can not focus and have trouble learning. With school students can learn the way they retain information easier and prepare for what is to come. Distance learning through online classes can be very difficult without having face to face interactions, distractions, and the bad learning environment.

Schooling is very important for children to learn life lessons they will use for their adulthood. Taking them away from public or private school will not help with communication skills. Stripping away communicating in person can make the individual very awkward in public situations. For example, if you have never had experience in face to face or do not have much practice it could be hard to read body language. When talking in person you can connect with someone and maybe make a bond. That way you won't be afraid to ask questions and get the help you need from faculty and staff.

In school you learn a lot of workplace readiness skills. When you are behind a screen it is really hard to learn to work as a team. With the in person view you can learn these skills very easily and quickly so you can use them in adulthood.

They say home is where the heart is, but staying at home all day can be a real challenge. Would you like to be cooped up in your house all day? No! Some students houses are not pleasant working environments. People have responsibilities they have to take care of. When you are at your humble aboard you start to worry about everything you need to do rather then the online schooling. With that, as sad as it may be, people could be having really tough times at home. At school for some people lunch is their only meal they get for the day. To some students school is a safe haven where you can get away from the house and actually be yourself. When converting to online schools you take away that opportunity for students.

With all the responsibilities at hand there comes distractions with it. One of the most prevalent being our phones. In class the teacher usually can spot you on your phone and tell you to get back to work or put it away. Without the teacher there you can stay on your phone for hours. One of my friends takes online classes and is behind by two years because she never does her work and is always on her phone. Do you want everyone to start doing that? That being said procrastination is another thing that really effects students. Usually teachers are their to remind you about certain thing that needs to be turned in but without the discipline to start your work or finish it in time students will fall behind and lose track of dates and when thing are to be turned in. When you are at school, public or private it does not matter, classrooms are made so the distractions are very minimal. With the desks in line, quietness of the room, and the teacher curving you back to the task at hand. At home you can easily be distracted.

In conclusion, Online schooling is not very beneficial for students. Some students need school to get away from the house. From being very distracting and not a good work environment, to not having the face to face interactions people need to learn communication skills. You do not have the right requirements to learn in that state. Behind the screen not being able to ask questions. School is a very safe environment for students to excel in their classes and be prepared for the rest of their lives and their future careers.