The author believes that Venus should be able to be explored. Venus should should be explored even though there are many dangerous weather conditions and things that could interfere with a mission. The author believes this because nothing should be able to stop humans from expanding their knowledge. In the article the author describes Venus in several ways which are the similarity to Earth's size,weather type, distance, and how dangerous it is.

Here is an example from paragraph 2 of how its similar to Earth and its' size. "Often referred to as Earth's "twin," Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." What he is saying in this sentence is that Venus isn't very different from Earth and that they are close to each other in distance and sometimes farther apart than they normally are.

Another example in paragraph 2 is how dangerous it is. Even though the author does not state the word dangerous he describes how dangerous it is by stating, "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." In this sentence he is describing that Venus is way too dangerous for a human to step foot on because not even a spaceship can surive for more than a day.

An example he gives of a challenge in Venus is the weather or climate. Here is an example from the article, paragraph 5, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit, but thr air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth." Here the author decribes venus as being very hot without a human touching the ground yet.

All of this adds up to humans having a challenges on Venus. Humans are very strong and will find a way to survive on Venus because they have already tested some simple electronics made up of silicon and the outcome was that the electronic survived for a couple of weeks. This wouldnt be easy for a human but it would be normal difficulty.                            