Computers are something of the present, and man-kind is hoping for more efficient computers in the future. More and more lately students are being assigned a computer of their own supplied by the school. Sometimes these computers are used for bad but mostly good. The Facial Action Coding System could be helpful for furthering academics in school corporations and could be used to help state testing which has just recently been switched to online.

The Facial Action Coding System is something that school should invest in. It should not become something that everyone needs to have because some schools cannot even afford books! For the schools that can afford this program it could be made beneficial many different ways. For example, many students become tired using their computers, so if the computer reads the child is becoming tired it could offer an academic game or a brain teaser to make the child more lively. The article states, " 'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr Huang predicts.' Then is could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.' " This program can also read happiness and sadness. Some students suffer from depression and have thoughts of suicide. This program could notify the teacher or counselor if the student is continuously sad or angry. This could help prevent things such as school shootings, self mutilation, or even suicide.

Some people may argue this program is taking away from a teachers job or is could be used for the wrong things. Technology has taken the load off of teachers in the last ten years, but it has also caused some harm. With technology comes the problems of students not having their computers charged, money shortages, and things breaking. Those things have distracted from students learning. In the big picture, do the pros outweigh the cons?

In the overall outlook on furthering a student's computer's capability using this program is the better option. Everything comes with problems. It does add something more to a teachers plate, but it also helps a teacher make a connection with the student. The Facial Action Coding system is beneficial and should be considered by school corporations around the world. 