Many people participate in after school activities. Choosing to do so but some people prefer going home and resting after the long school day. But what if your principal said you have to participate in an extracurricular activity in order to go to this school. This may help you in many ways it could provide a way to talk and socialize with friends or make new ones. If it was a sport that involves any type of moving it would make you more fit and healthy. I would agree with the principals idea it introduces the kids to many things they have not done before and they might not of known they liked it or were good at it.

There are many benefits in extracurricular activities that you might not of known. Whether it would help you now or in the future. It is very healthy to participate in any activity because it can help you physically and even mentally improving your ability with your social skills in the result of you talking with your teammates or other people constantly. And how it can help you physically is in basically any sport you play. Your moving around constantly improving your endurance and strength it makes you more fit and healthy.

While there are many advantages with this idea every idea comes with some disadvantages. But I have ways to counter them. Some people are not as fortunate as us and many sports have a fee to sign up as a result to that some families might not be able to afford that fee. So the school fills that gap from the cliff stopping that student from participating offering many activities that do not require a fee or any sort of paying. And if they do the school can fill that gap with the extra money they have, you can even donate to the school so the school can keep providing their students with the money they need in order to sign up.

A lot of sports have practices almost every night and it might last until 9:00. So when you get home your exhausted and you don't feel like doing your homework or any project thats due soon. And its hard to find the time to do it. In the result of that the school makes the study halls or resources longer so you have time to finish your homework, essay, or school project. This will take the stress off of the students and let them sleep for a healthy amount of time instead of staying up late trying to finish that project.

the after school activity does not have to be a sport. It could be volunteering for school council or fighting for the the best design of the yearbook. This also comes with a lot of benefits. Designing the year book is not an easy task trying to make the best possible one making you use your imagination as hard as you ever had making the most unique and creative one. So the judges would select yours as the winner. And volunteering for student council is just as hard to trying to satisfy all of the students needs and opinions making ideas that are mature but also good this makes you think out of the box and your comfort zone.

Overall the principles Idea is a very good one that will improve the liveliness of the school. Making every student active is very important because it improves their mental health and physicall health. It will also help the students in the future providing scholarships for them to big colleges and programs. Making them feel more comfortable in front of bigger crowds. Students might not like the principles idea now but will thank him a couple years down the road.