Do you think students would benefit from being attend classes from home? As you might students can do well working from home, or they can attend classes from school. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for the students to attend classes from home by way of online, or video conferencing. Student would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online because is not teacher help, and cheater.

To begin with, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online because is no teacher help. For example, Generic_Name is doing his work online and there is something that he not understand, he will need the teacher help,or the teacher explication on how to do it, all students need some times help for the teacher. In conclusion, students have to attend classes from school because the teachers can bring their helps for anything you not understand.

Secondly, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online because they can cheat on. For example, Generic_Name is working on geometry and she don't know how to do parallels, the only way that she can work on it, is cheating, she can take out her phone and search the answer from the internet. In conclusion, students would not benefit to attend classes from home because they can cheat on it and not learn how to do their works by their self without internet.

Some people argue, the students need some extra help. This is true because students with 18 years old they want to left the school for help their family even if they don't want to left the school they have for work and get some money. students would benefit from being attend classes from home by way of online because they want to finish the school. however, the students need to work hard for help their family and finish the schools for a job more better and get more money.

In conclusion, all students can have the oportunity to finish the school don't care about how their finish, without the teacher help, cheating they have to finish for get better job.