In 1976, a single image of Mars taken by a NASA spacecraft blew the world's mind. It depicted a gigantic face on Mars. Of course we understood that people would be shocked. In fact, we told the public that it was only a natural formation, and the conspiracy theorists came along with their new story. They accused us of hiding the fact that there was an alien civilization on the Red Planet, and that the picture is a monument. All we want to do here at NASA is inform skeptics that they are severely mistaken.

First of all, we revealed the information because we wanted the public to be informed, and we wanted to not hide anything. All the skeptics should stop and realize that us revealing partial information is just illogical. If we revealed the picture, it's because we wanted people to know about it. As we said earlier, the face-type shape is "formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." We gave you the full truth.

As well as us giving you full information, we actually would be glad to tell the public about ancient martian civilizations. NASA would benefit greatly from something like that. You see, we aren't getting funded as well as we would like. So something as interesting as alien life-forms would definitely get us more money to explore more. Simply put, the public's thirst for exciting information would drive the government to fund us. Unfortunately, the face is just a creation of nature, but we'll be more than glad to inform you if we ever find signs of alien life.

In addition to the fact that NASA is always glad to provide information, we took very clear pictures that show just a desolate mound of rock that is naturally made. We took three pictures of the face. One was in 1976, the next in 1998, and the last in 2001. Jim Garvin (of NASA) explained that the newest pictures would show things such as man-made pyramids and villages. Of course, those would prove the face to be man-made as well. However, such things aren't seen in any of the pictures.

Overall, we know that there will always be people that don't believe in the facts. However, there is solid evidence (such as witnesses and pictures) to back us up. They all point to the "face" being a natural formation. I hope that this essay has helped eliminate doubt in the public. Just remember, NASA is glad to inform you of any signs of alien life when we find it.