Next year, Generic_City will be offering a new online program to all schools. Students will have access to their classes online while still being enrolled in school. They will not be required to take part in their online classes, however they will be provided with it whenever they will not be present in school. Due to this online program, Generic_Name's parents are considering on home schooling him, in belief that this new program would allow him to skip school. Generic_Name, on the other hand, thinks that this online program would be beneficial for him and is hoping to convince his parents to let him stay. Students, like Generic_Name, would benefit from being able to attend school from home because it can help them stay on track and it is adjustable to diverse lifestyles.

Attending classes from home can help students stay on track in school. Due to Generic_Name's low immune system, he often misses school because he is always getting sick. With this new online program, Generic_Name can have access to the material he would be missing in class from home. Therefore, he would not have loads of assignements waiting for him by the time he gets back. Although some may argue that students should take the time to rest at home instead of working on assignments while they are sick, being able to work on a few homework assignments rather than attending all classes at school will keep them from falling behind as they are resting for most of the day. Following Generic_Name's frequent absences, students in Generic_City often miss school as well due to snow days during the winter. Now that students can access their assignments at home in snow days, teachers would not feel as rushed to teach them everything before the semester ends. Students that have illnesses and live in areas of inclement weather can benefit from online schooling by keeping up with new material in their classes.

Students can adjust their education to their different lifestyles by being able to attend classes outside of school. Generic_Name is a well known, famous musician who flies out to Los Angeles multiple times a year to work with other artists. With a busy lifestyle like his, online classes would be more flexible in fiiting into his schedule whenever he is out in Los Angeles pursuing his music career. While it is recommended for him to take school online as a whole instead, Generic_Name wants to keep his life as normal as possible by attending school with his friends as often as he can. Another reason why this new program would be beneficial for Generic_Name is because of his parents being divorced. Every couple of months, he likes to visit his dad, who lives outside of Generic_City, for a week. With him being out of school for a short while, he can easily work on his assignments at his dad's house without worrying about the material he would have missed. Students living different lifestyles will benefit from being able to attend classes online.

Although some people, like Generic_Name's parents, believe that schools offering students to attend classes from home will keep them from comimg to school, it can actually be beneficial in preventing them from falling behind and by it being easily adjusted into diverse lifestyles. Therefore, sick days and school closings due to inclement weather will not be set backs anymore. Also, students living at one parent's home to another will not have to worry as well as the students with already developing careers. With Generic_Name's reasonings on why this new online program would be beneficial for him and his music career, he was able to convince his parents to let him stay at his school in Generic_City and is now enjoying his life as a normal teen with a passion for music.