Your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. For example, students could participate in sports, work on the yearbook, or serve on the student council. Do you agree or disagree with this decision? Use specific details and examples to convince others to support your decision.

Students should absolutely not be required to participate in an extracurricular activity. There are many reasons why a program like this will never work. Students that can choose if they want to participate in clubs will most likely be able to manage their time more efficiently. Students might not be fit to join these clubs or be able to participate due to their lack of experience in the subject. Most of the students will not be in support of this new program and will be upset by it. These are a few more reasons that this requirement will be a bad decision for the school.

Students that do not want to participate in these activities probably have a very strict schedule or are not interested. Students should not have to choose which activity they take outside of school that they must stop for an extracurricular activity that may not interest them. Many of them have probably given their commitment to other activities or sports teams. Some of them might have signed contracts with instructors for these activities.

Extracurricular activities take lots of time and must have full commitment. Students that are not interested in giving time to these activities, but are forced to participate will negatively impact these clubs. These clubs will be spending their time trying to influence a student that may not want to be present. Lots of the extracurricular clubs might not have enough space for people to join or participate in. These clubs will want students that are loyal to them and provide effort. Many of the students that join extracurricular clubs will most likely use the space they are provided to work on unrelated assignments and not participate.

Many students will want to join a sports team. These teams will need to have more tryouts and the tough decision of sorting who is a better fit for their roster. This requirement could be good for promoting physical activity, but still would not work due to the amount of players, and the lack of available positions on sports teams. This requirement would not be performed very well with the current population of students in extracurricular activities. Students would not feel obliged to participate and would have to be forced to participate.

The last, and best reason that students should not be required to participate in extracurricular activities, is their ability to choose. Students should be able to choose what they would like to do with their time after school as long as it is appropriate. Most students use their time wisely and participate in programs they desire. Other students perform very well in classes and do not take part in other activities. This program would be taking away from student's time. Requiring the participation in extracurricular activities is not an ideal decision and will negatively impact many people. 