One persons advice can have misleading actions but multiple advice can have a positive or negative action as well. It's better to ask for multiple advice than one persons advice. Some advice might be bad and others might be good; however, those bad advice can lead to some very poor choices. In my opinion, helpful choices leads to positive actions. One advice will not always be helpful but other advice can be. There are multiple people out there that can give you advice like parents, teachers, friends, or siblings. When asking for advice helps people out and not next time that kid or adult can help another person out. Seeking for advice is never a bad answer but its never right either. Healthy advice mean healthy relationships, healthy attitude, and healthy acts of kindness.

It's alright to make the wrong choices sometimes but next time learn for that mistake. Some children makes the wrong decisions then ask for advice and adults do it too. Everybody is not perfect, we all are going to make big mistake or the wrong choices; therefore, we learn by our mistakes. If we keep making the wrong choices we will never learn from that mistake. It all depends on the advice that someone gave a other person and with that advice something good may come out of it or something bad may come out if it. Nevertheless, it always up to that person who makes that decision. Sometimes a person might have made the wrong choice for bad advice but learn for it and made healthy actions.

Furthermore, asking for advice can make that person happy and feel good about them self. They can even ask the same person for advice too but it's always better to keep switching to other people. When I ask for advice, I try to make sure that something good will come out of it. Sometimes I even ask for advice from different people, I kick out the bad advice and try to work with the best advice. That might not work for other people because we are not the same person. Some teenagers might think its cool to ask for advice and share it with their friends. When asking for advice listen very carefully because they never if it might be outstanding, or not as good.

Finally, it's always best to ask for advice from multiple people and not only one person. A person can be really wrong and they make a person very confident with bad advice. I think it's better to ask adult for advice than to ask a kid because they have more experiment than we do. It's always up to anybody to make bad decisions or to make good decisions. To finish this off, It's never wrong to ask for another persons advice just make sure it's a good advice with a poistive outcome.      