If a school was to require a summer break they should allow the students to create their summer projects because it will be more creative, teachers just make useless busy work and the students are more likely to personally learn from the experience.

Students being involved in their summer project will allow students to get creative and think for themselves. Summer projects get students in a negative state of mind because they would prefer to enjoy their break and hang out with friends. If they are given the creativity to make their own summer project they might collaborate with friends and make a really cool project with all the free time they have. If students were given their own opportunities to make fun projects with friends over the break they will create more interactive, and impressive work.

If a teacher was to make an assignment over the break it would be super boring and most likely just busy work. If it were a math assignment it would just be a packet or some problems to get you back into the unit before summer starts. English teachers often just make kids read books that are super boring and lack their interest over the summer. Teachers tend to make work over the break pointless and when the students do work over the break it makes them hate the class before they've even started it. It also adds an extra level of stress when summer is supposed to be free time. Some kids come back to school and have a forty-five page packet due in math class by the first week of school. Teachers overall make school harder than it has to be by assigning pointless busy work over summer break.

One way this could have a bad turnout if kids made their own projects due to the fact that they won't want design a creative and fun project. Some if not most kids will see that they have to make an assignment over the break, they'll buy a poster board, they'll copy and paste a few articles about a boring topic and glue them to the poster board. They won't put any effort into a summer project because they don't want to do work over their break. They find a project over the break to be very counter intuitive because they've just done work for nine months straight and do not want to keep doing work. Kids do not want to do a project over the break in the first place and if they see that it is easy and has no positive effect on their schooling they'll make it quick and easy and never worry about the project again.

The final way a student made project will have a better outcome is they'll actually personally learn from the experience. If a student is given their own choice about a summer project in englsh class. They're more likely to pick a book of their interest and actually finish the book instead of just skim reading it, looking up a summary or even watching the movie if that is an option. If the student picks their own book of interest they'll read the whole thing, gain important information about the book and be ready to discuss it once school starts again. If the students have summer project in history and really like World War II but the teacher assigns them the Civil Rights movement they're more likely to not do the project. If they're allowed to pick their own topic and write a report about World War II like they're personally interested in they're gonna do the project and do it right. They'll gain from this personal experience and have a good time while doing it.

Students' learning should not be done through busy work or packets with fifty pages. It should be done through personal interest and personal involvment. When a student learns a packet is the most boring and pointless thing a student can receive. Given their own choice on summer projects students are more likely to get involved, genuinely learn from the experience and not be handed premade expected projects where they have to follow a boring rubric to the tea and lack creativity.