Dear Senator,

We the people of the United States of America, desire a president who will not only care for the wellbeing of the citizens, but know what to do during times of crisis. The Electoral College is but one method of deciding this. There are many reasons as to why we need the Electoral College, and there are many reasons one can list of why we do not need it. If we were to get rid of the Electoral College completely and determine the win on the vote of the American citizens, chaos would ensue. Let's be honest, there are plenty of voters who have no idea what they are doing. If America were to base who would lead and call the shots of the country on the votes of everybody, then one person would end up being in office who is no better a ruler than a goldfish.

The Electoral College is noted as a process, not a place. This is correct. You don't just walk up to the Electoral College and say "hey, this is who you should put into office". Each state in the U.S. has a certain number of representatives(electors). For example, D.C.(is treated like a state) has 3 electors. People may say that the Electoral College is unfair and outdated. While in some aspects this can be true, but if the electors know what they are doing and are willing to stay true to their country, then maybe the correct person would be elected in. The EC is known to require a Presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. A trans-regional appeal is when one area of the U.S. is known to be in favor of the presidential candidate.

Among the other things the Electoral College is known as being, it has been widely regarded as an anachronism. An anachronism is a person or thing that seems to belong in the past and not fit into the present time. While yes, the Electoral College is very old, it does have its uses. It is perhaps one of the final things that will determine what direction this great country gets set into, be it forwards or backwards. The larger the population of a state, the larger number of electors it has. Most of the states in the U.S. have what is called a "winner takes all" system. This system will award all of the electors to the presidential candidate that wins the election.

Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, what is known as the AFL-CIO, and the U.S Chamber of Commerce all agreed on just one thing. That thing that they all agreed on was to abolish the Electoral College. Over sixty percent of the U.S. population would rather have a direct election  over what we currently use. Out of all the arguments against the Electoral College, one of the "best" is the Disaster Factor. One of the other worrying views on the Electoral College is what would occur if there were to be a tie in the vote. If a tie were to occur, the election would thus be thrown in the hands of the House of Representatives.

While there are many reasons to like, and dislike the Electoral College, one of the most re-assuring should be that it (most of the time) will keep idiots out of the Oval Office. Among the reasons to dislike the Electoral College is that it is unfair, and keeps the majority of American people from using their voice. The Electoral College is the fine line between a country going backwards and causing the rest of the world to hate it, and a country going forwards, causing the rest of the world to hold it to a higher degree. If theres anything that the American people should want, it is a powerful and respectable leader who will do anything and everything they can for the citizens. Sincerely,

An American.                       