The United States of American, land of the free, or so they thought. More than half of the population of the US believes that their votes mean something when in reality, they do not. People came to America to be free and to choose how they run their lives. By have the Electoral college it steals away the right we have to choose our own President. In society now, millions of people go to the voting stands to vote when our opinion says nothing to the way we actually pick a President. I believe the vote of the poeple is what should matter when choosing out leader.

the Electoral College is currently the way we decide who will become our President, as many know. Though what most do not know is our votes do not count for anything. The people of the United States of America should have their basic right to choosing who tells them what to do. The way it should go is, everyone who lives in the USA who is over eight-teen should be eligiable to vote, and have the vote count. We should be choosing our President, not some big shot in a suit.

If we were able to choose our President it would be less hectic. All you would have to do is count up the votes of every state in America and round them up. Who ever we choose as the winner should be put to a test, a simulator type thing. We use an example of the world in the most horrific state, no money, taxes through the roof, angry people eveyrwhere with the President, and they have to fix it. If they can fix our home they may become our President. Having shown their ability to lead us correctly.

To quote source 3:

In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing a President

, they specificly state that "The Electorol College is widely regarded as an anachronism, a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled". This quote is exactly right. Not only is it "widely regarded" as so, it is true! We need to stop going with the vote of a politician who thinks he has it all figured out.

Where has the Electoral College gotten us? Bankrupt, spending more money on our military than our own health, wasting away this beautiful Earth by building more nucular powerplants to supply us with ticking time bombs! We do not need the Electoral College. We need us. The people of America need to stand up and take back our home. For the people, by the people.    