Why explore Venus? Is it not dangerous, and scary, and hot? What could it possibly have that Earth has not already given us? Well, Venus is much more like Earth than most people like to think. And personally, between you and I, I think they are scared of the opportunity to leave their comfortable homes and Cheetos. Venus could be crucial for Earth, and we are about to find out why.

Here is a hypothetical scenario. Tomorrow, we find out it is too late to stop global warming, and we have twenty years to evacuate the planet, or we die with it. Scientists everywhere panic! 'Oh no! We don't have anywhere to go!' Then, NASA steps in, like a really protective dad, 'fear not, children. We can be safe on Venus.' Everyone responds happily, until they process the situation. 'Wait, did you say Venus?! We would never last in such a desolate, violent place!' Well, you're wrong buddy. And science can vouch for me. Venus isn't so different from Earth. At least, it didn't used to be. Scientists who have made successful missions to Venus with droids have found traces of oceans, valleys, mountains, you name it! There have been many, many signs on Venus of Earth-like conditions! The article states that Astronomers have reason to believe Venus was actually more Earth-like than Mars! It amazes and confuses them! On top of Venus being just like us, it would be easily acessible. After all, it is just a few light years away.

Venus, while very desolate, and violent, has also shown signs of possibly being able to support life as we know it. Scientists would like to keep their manned missions above the violent weather conditions, making it easy for them to study the surface of the small planet. The traces of water and weather left behind provide a sense of comfort for humans, knowing that if Venus was a last resort, they would be safe and secure.

Now, in order for Venus to truly be acessable, in those hypothetical twenty years, we would have to make major technological advances. We would need transportation, protection, shelter, amongst many other things. However, Venus does provide some of the things we need, or keeps us safe from what we should avoid. Venus provides a close position to the sun, which, while still very hot, leaves plenty of wiggle room for solar energy, utilized by us! Not only would that power us, but it would also keep us from ruining another planet! The air pressure in the atmosphere is similar to that of sea level on Earth, which would be ideal for the young, and the old. Additionally, Venus provides protection from harmful radiation, much like Earth! What's not to love about avoiding radiation?

Venus is a strong, beautiful, powerful and incredible planet. It can protect us, serve us, and make us feelm safe. While there are some disadvantages, I'd argue that there are more advantages. Who wouldn't? Humans act on their curiosity, with no regard for danger or doubts. In this growing age of technology, how could we? I'd keep an open mind on space exploration. After all, we might be just lightyears from our new home.