Everyone has different opinions. These opinions are important when it comes to seeking advice. People tend to ask multiple people on what they should do in a certain situation. Seeking different advice and opinions can help a lot because, first of all, the more opinions you have the more open-minded you could be on the situation. Secondly, it helps make a better and safer decision. Lastly, sometimes the advice teaches you a life lesson. When people seek for advice they usually ask more than one person, and its great because different opinions influence your view on the situation, help keep and open mind about the situation, and learn a lesson

.

Having a clear view of a siutation is very helpful, thats why people usualy ask for more than one opinion. A clear view of a situation helps influence your point of view and descision. For example, a girl and her best friend got into a fight, and she went to go and seek advice from her other friends on what to do, some said to ignore him, but the others said that she should consider giving some space because he could be stressed about something and that maybe she could bring him a gift. She listened to her friends, and decided to make him a gift and give him some space unless he needs help. A few days later, he got her a gift and apologized and they both made up. See if she didnt ask for advice from others, she could have lost her best friend, or make up a few months later.

Being open minded doesnt only make you a better person, but it also helps make better descisions. Seeking advice from diffrent people, does help keep and open mind. For example, a girl's boyfriend has been acting distance lately, so she went and seeked advice from her and his friends. The girl's friends assumed he was cheating, but the guy's friends told her to be patient, and that hes perfectly fine. She decided to listen her boyfriend's friends. About a week later, he proposed to her, turns out he was surprising her and staying distance because he was scared he might tell her by accident. The girl's friends jumped to assumptions, and so if she hadnt asked the boyfriend's friends, things could have been diffuclt.

Believe it or not, advices from multiple people, could help you learn a lesson. Just like the last two stories, they all learned something. One of the girls learned to not jump to assumption and be patient, and the other learned to be more open minded about what people might be going through. There is also this story Im sure you heard of it, its called Slow and Steady wins the race by Aseop. It was a story about a rabbit and a turtle, the rabbit was fast and always sure that he would win, he was also selfish. One day the rabbit challenged the turtle onto a race, and the turtle agreed. It was the day of the race, the rabbit was already half way while the turtle was all the way behind because he is slow. So then the rabbit decided to take a nap, which gave the turtle time to win. At the end the turtle won, while the rabbit was alsepp, the rabbit was mad. That day the rabbit learned that slow and steady wins the race.

When people seek advice, they usualy go to multiple people, and that is probably because it helps influence your point of view on the situation, keep an open mind, and learn something.                        