A summer project would be an absolute horrible idea. Much less leaving it up to student to choose there project ideas would be even worse. It would be difficult for student to complete a project all on there own with no guidance during summer break. That is why I think that a required summer projects should be teacher-designed,because if the project is student designed it is likely that the project will not get completed,not be inquisitive or won't meet requirements.

First of all,During summer break the thought of school goes out the window. Students focus on other things like summer jobs. A summer job would take a lot of the students time,energy and focus away from being able to choose a project idea. It is likely that the student would not complete the project if it was up to them to decide what they want to do for a project idea. The summer project would have to be teacher-designed or the student would likely not even begin nor will they be able to complete it.

Second of all,having a project that is inquisitive and keeps the students interest would be important. It would be vital that the project be difficult enough so it will challenge students,because if it does not than the project has no purpose. I think that if a choice for a challenging project is left up to students,they will more than likely choose a project that is not at all challenging. The teacher must design a project for the class so the students will use their brain over the the summer and keep them doing something so simple it,s pointless.

Finally,if a school project is left up to students, there is a possibility that it would no meet the requirements of the teacher. The students could be doing something entirely wrong and have no way of knowing until it is too late. Also if the school project is not teacher designed,the students may use the wrong materials to complete the project. It would be best for the teacher to choose a project for the class. This way all the students will know what is required of them.

in conclusion,Teachers should design summer projects,because students would likely get lost in their summer break,and the project will end up either incomplete,not challenging enough or won't meet the teachers requirements. I think if the school system decided to do summer project they would have to be teacher-designed so the students know what they are doing. when school lets out for the summer student do not think to much about projects and school work.

in order for summer projects to be a success the teacher would need to design the project.             