Driverless Cars are usually something we see in movies, specifically in futuristic or sci-fi movies. When we see these movies, we are in awh and we would love to have them. I mean who wouldn't want a car that could drive it self, but is it the best thing for us?

There are companies now that have cars that drive, for exmple Google and BMW. Google has had drvieable cars since 2009 and they have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but there is still a person in there that has to help out. Although the cars do drive them selves, they can not go through work zones or go around crashes, so the human has to come into play. BMW has a car that they call "Traffic Jam Assistant", this car can handle driving speeds up to 25 mph, but drivers still need to keep their hands on the wheel and when the car does not know what to do then vibrations go through the seat to notify the driver.

Humans have been driving for many many centuries and to think of a day where we won't have to do that anymore is strange. If humans don't have to drive, then they won't pay attention. If these companies really make a car that drives it's self through any kind of condition then what will happen if the car gets into an accident with another car. Will it be the humans fault or the car and say it is the car's fault, who will we blamn the company for promoting a safe car or the people who designed the car. Something else to look at in the situation is how much will the repairs will be?

In today's day in age when we get into a crash the damage is pretty costly and the hospital bills are not very pretty either. But we are talking about a car that drives itself, so it is going to cast way more to fix. You have to repair the body of the car and the the inside just like you do now but these cars can drive them selves by computers and chips. So how much will they charge us to fix the computer and the body?

In coclusion to my argument, no. I dont think we should keep making and testing these driverless cars. There is so much at risk and Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of drving on autopilot 90% of the time. That is not 100% so why are we still wasting our time and money on this. The cost for repairing these cars if there is a crash will go up and there will be law suits to the companies. These cars will not make it very long on the market, so we should stop now and continue makeing the cars that we have now safer and continue rebuidling and finding more things we can add them. 