Would the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom effect the wrok ethic or be a waste of money? There could be some good and bad about this new computer. What if some people don't like this new computer and it messes with their work or thing they are researching.

With the advances in technology more and more things are becoming different with the way they are used and things they can do. This system on a computer could effect someones work ethic. Does this system have a way to turn this off? If you are doing a research paper and you arent smiling, does that mean it will put you on something else. Is everything the same or do you have to learn a whole new way of doing things.

In the article it keeps talking about facial expressions and doesn't say anything about some of the things people use computers for like doing papers or playing games. This doesn't give us enogh information about the computer and the typers of things it does or the stuff it could do. The FACS sounds like a cool idea and thing that could work, but there are many of things that were left out.

What would happen if the FACS system would break or be down because of something. Do you have to call someone in to fix it or what? With th FACS system, could it be used on a labtop? Could this be something that could fail and ruin your computer? With the system would this effect the way you may use your computer? There are to many questions that need to be answered before this could be a hit. The more I think about this FACS system the more question I come up with and the less I like it.

The new technology could effect many factors and wouldn't be something that could be put out there and hope it sells. The systeem needs to have many of test done first before they just put it out there. The system doesn't make me feel like it is a winner. The more I think and write about makes me not want to tell anyone about the system. There are to many possibilites where things could go wrong. I don't think that this product would sell.