Advice is something many people may need. Some people may seek advice from family members or friends. Some may see advice from complete strangers. Advice can come from anywhere! All and all as long as the advice is beneficial that is all that matters. Some people choose to get dvice from multiple sources because many people have different beliefs, different opions, and different life experiences.

The first reason why people get advice from many sources is because people have different beliefs. Not everyone believes the same thing! With that being said, having someone that can can give advice, that has a different belief can be a very good idea. People that have different beliefs may also have a different point of view. Due to their beliefs they might have different outlook on the situation at hand. These are some of the reasons why some people may get advice from someone with a different belief.

The second reason why people get advice from multiple sources is becuse some people may have different opinions. When asking for advice from multiple sources, most likely you are not going to get the same solution. Only because everyone is entitled to their own opinion. This may make it very hard to come to a solution but it is very beneficial because it puts things into perspective. This also gives an oppurtunity to approach the problem in different manners. These are the reasons why someone may get advice from multiple sources.

The last reason why people may get advice from many sources is because people have different life experiences. Many people have been through many different things throughout their life. When asking for advice people may connect the situation to a previous or current problem in their life. While their giving their advice it may alter your thought process. It might could even dictate your solution. These are reasons why people get advice from people with different life experiences.

There are may more reasons why people get advice from multiple sources. These are just some of the reasons. When getting advice from others them having diferent beliefs, different opinions, and different life experiences is very important. These things play a key role when coming to a solution.  