The Electoral College vote draws many emotions. It has many supporters and many enemies. There was a huge debate over the 2000 election where Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the Electoral College. I believe that the Electoral College destroys some of the integrity of the Ameican democracy. I believe this is due to the winner takes all system of the Electoral College.

The Electoral College says whoever has the majority of votes in a state recieves all that states votes. I believe this corrupts the system because so many peoples votes go unaccounted. If one party has 51 percent of the vote the other 49 percent of the votes don't count. This is why I believe that we need to abloish the Electoral College.

In a true democracy the people vote for a president and the ideal behind the Electoral College is that it eliminates uneducated votes. I believe that it doesn't do this very well and may actually harm the system even more. Peoples votes elect electors who elect the President in the Electoral College system. These electors are put in a spot of significant power. The question is who are these electors. It is very possible that they can vote for the opposite party of that which they were elected to vote for. Scandals like this have occured in the past what is stopping them form continueing in the future.

Another major problem of the Electoral College is with the winner takes all system if a state is known to be a majority one party or another there is no use for someone in the minority party to vote because they have no effect. This allows citizens who are supposed to help elect Americas leaders to be unable to have any say in the goverment. The ideal behind a democracy is that the people rule and the Electoral College is destroying the democracy because it is restricting people form taking active particiapation in what they are entiltled too as a citizen. Without the Electoral College there might be some uneducated votes but the popular vote upholds the integrity of the democracy that America thrives on. The popular vote also eliminates the chance of any major scandals that could majorly affect the presedintial election.    