Generic_Name

Your principal has decided that all students must participate in a least one extracurricular activity. For example, students could participate in sports,work on the yearbook, or serve on the student council.

Would Students want to be forced into taking a program, club, or after school activity, no, of course not. Nobody wants to be forced into doing anything in life. Besides if a student was forced to participate in an program what activity's would they have. what if he/she doesn't like sports or working on the year book or etc. How does it benefit the student in any way.

Students should have a right to decide whether or not they want to join a club or activity. The reasoning for this is because, if a student does not like any of the programs then it wouldn't be fair if he/she still had to choose one. Thats why its wrong for the principal to make this decision. Imagine a boy who just moved in from a different state. The boy had a lot of amazing, awesome friends that he had to leave behind. Now he has to transferred to the nearest school, having to start anew. His parents gave him the election forms and he has signed up for everything he needs. Only later to realize that it is a requirement to sign up for a "extracurricular activity." Although the boy does not want to sign up for an activity because he does not know anyone. Now put yourself in that students shoes how would you feel in his situation.

Most Students just want to get through the day, get home and relax. However, by adding this system the principal is adding a whole other level of stress for these students. I mean who would want to be forced into working on the yearbook or playing soccer yea absolutely no one. Students want to be free. Except with a required activity they have a whole other class to worry about and making sure that class has good grades especially if that student dislikes being there.

It needs to be a choice whether or not a student wants to select a "extracurricular activity".

I can see a probable reason the principal made this choice. I assume it is because the principal does not want there to be empty clubs/programs and that makes sense but it isn't fair to the students who do not want to be apart of any activities. Now it would make sense if the principal had a democrative system where the school voted for this option but thats not the case in however that is what the principal should do and the principal should ask the school to vote to get rid of the requirement or keep this way this can give the students, the principal and staff more reassurance. If the principal did do this then a huge weight is lifted off their shoulders.

Jumping to my next conclusion if a extra activity is required then this can cause stress and anxiety for students who dont want to be there. This can cause of lack of thinking process, failure in grades and bad attitude.

Let me explain. myself for example. If I was in a extra elective and I was forced to be in and i didn't like it I would start to stress then my grades in that class would start to fail, then slowly my grades in other classes would also fail. Now my parents would start to be disappointed in me and i would start building up anxiety. That anxiety if built up enough would most likely lead to depression and worse case scenario suicidal thoughts.

So in conclusion it is a bad idea to require a extracurricular activity.

Instead of forcing it i would heavily recommend choosing a activity because you never know how someone feels about certain things.