When asking for advice it is better to ask multiple people rather than one person. Asking more than person can help you because not all people have the same mind set. Sometimes if you only ask one person for advice they can give you something they think is right in that situation but it can turn out not the right advice that you needed. But if you ask multiple people like three or four and see what the common opinion is you can take the right advice. And people tend to ask more than one people because they dont want to be provided the wrong advice. And if you are provided the wrong advice you cloud lose trust.

It is better to ask more than one person for many reasons for example if you ask one of your friends if what you should wear to a party and they give you what they they think. And then you go and see every body there is wearing a different style than yours. But that could have been avoided if you had asked the advice of four friends and then they could have given you the style that they thought was worn. Another example is if you ask one of your friends what you should get as a snack and they give you a bag of chips and later on you dont like the chips. But if you would have asked multiple friends what a good snack was they would have probably recommended a better snack than the chips. Or if you ask if you think you should ask somebody out and they say yeah or if you ask some more friends and they dont think its that great in idea to ask that person out.

The advice from a group would most likely be better than by asking one of your friends. Because if you ask one person whats in style. Than can give you some advice and then you take their advice and you wear it and people dont like it. Or if you need advice on what you should do in a situation and you ask one of your close friends what they thin you should do and they give you the wrong advice you cloud wind up doing the wrong thing in that situation. And sometimes they can lead you into the wrong things would get you in trouble. Or you cloud be put in a situation that you dont know what is right and you take the wrong advice could have a bad reputation or it could lead to you losing people you were close to. And you cloud hurt somebody if you do take the wrong advice which could lead to getting shamed.

And that is why asking more than one person is better than asking one person and that person only. because no matter who you ask youre probably going to get multiple answers but you can compare and see who has common advice. you want to ask the group so you dont get embarrassed in front of people or eat something that you dont like that isnt very popular among people. Or something you dont enjoy doing that person thinks is fun but it is a popular opinion to people. But if you ask a hand full of close friends or even just people you can see the common advice people will give of what they think they would do in your situation and you can see that more people think something else is right rather than the one or two people who thin something else is right.