Dear Principal,

I think the you should let us use our cell phones during lunch or other free times. The reason I think this is because we might or not be able to hang out with your friends, but with our phones we could text them or call them to keep in touch with them.

Another reason why we should have cell phones is so we can call or text our parents just in case you forgot something and to remind them to pick us up. The last reason why we should be allowed to bring our cell phones is to teach us responsibility.

The first reason why we should be allowed to bring our phones is to stay in touch with our friends when we can't hang out with them. For example you have no classes with your friend. If you have our cell phones we could stay in touch and not lose our friendship with our friend. Another example is just in case we left something at your friend's house and we want it back. We would text or call our friend to meet them in a certain location in order to get our stuff back.

The second reason why we should be allowed to use our phones is so could can tell our parent(s) if they can pick us up or bring us something. For example I forgot my homework for one of my classes. I would text or call my mom or dad during lunch to tell them to get me my requested item. Another reason is that we could remind them to pick us up. We might have forgotten to tell our mom or dad to pick us after practice or something. Then we would call them to tell them if they could pick us up after school.

The final reason is to teach us responsibility. We will be more responsible by turning our phone during classes and to use them only during lunch or other free times. Then we could become more responsible with our phone and maybe with our schoolwork. See having our cell phone could actually teach us something about responsibility.

Having our phone could actually teach us something or two about responsibility. We would also be more prepared for class. Another thing is to keep in touch with our loved ones. This is why I strongly agree to be allowed to use our phones.