When seeking for advice you ask more than one person! Some people may ask, their friends, parents or even strangers. Asking for advice you want the best choice for your decision, so you are going to ask more than one person. Why is is seeking multiple opinions better? Talking to more than one person is better because there are different opinions, it could change your decision, and one opinion might suit you decision more.

If someone is asking more than one person for advice, each person they ask is going to have different opinions. For example, if you ask for advice, your friend might say something totally different, to what a stranger might say. People have different view points on different situations. By asking more than one person for advice, will leave the benefit of having more than one view point to choose from. Having to ask more than one person for advice, leads to many benefits.

Asking multiple people for advice outputs the fact that your decision could change. You may ask one person something and then agree with them, but when you ask another person the same question and then agree with them more, or maybe not. Based on the advice a person may give you, could change your mind for a better decision. Asking more than one person for advice may change your decision, and lead to different things when asking for advice.

Just because you ask for advice doesn't mean you have to take their advice. Somebody doesn't have to take advice if they don't like the person's opinion. When asking many people for help, you may ,or may not like their opinion. Someone's advice may suite the situation more to where it suites you more. Don't take someone's advice if your not comfortable with their decision.

Asking more than one person is better because one opinion could suite you more.

Having the privilege to ask more than one person is better because you have different view points, the advice could change your opinion, and more comfortable with decision. Having more people helping you is better. Next time you need advice ask more than one person!