Dear Senator,

I respect and admire your position in office for you are always on your toes and doing work for your people. But one thing I do not admire as a citizen of the U.S., is the Electoral College in which our country goes by. When saying Electoral College I am meaning the process in which the election of the President by a vote is compromised with a popular vote of qualified citizens. By changing to a popular vote, everyone is equal and our location won't restrain us from our vote that we cast. The Electoral College may have suited our countries needs in the past but it is now time to abolish this unequal process.

To get things going, the Electoral College strays to many voters away. In the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", Plumer brought to my attention that many voters are aware that the canidate that they want to serve as president does not stand a chance in their state and because of this they do away with voting. Personally, I feel that voting should be something that everyone partakes in. After all, if you didn't vote you shouldn't complain. But in the boat we are in now, we (US Citizens) are being taken advantage of and are rights are simply stripped away in this form of voting. In fact, one-half on eligible American voters did not vote in 2012 and I am sure the voting process we use has a storng influence on these people. If we were to vote, in some cases they won't even matter. This lets our location define us and not our beliefs.

This leads to the next point that it gives too much power to those we elected. Yes, we did elect them and we should have faith in them, but the Electoral College makes it very difficult to do. "What Is the Electoral College?" brought it to my attention that the Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the president. So we simply place our votes in the hands of the minimal amount of people. I don't think so!

Lastly, did those serving in office think about the people at the bottom of the todem pole (average US citizens) rather than those at the top (serving in office)? "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" states "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now". Because of this, it becomes clear that my opinions and rights are stripped away. It completely disgusts me at the fact our nation is treating our citizens in this manner. It is time for those in office to think about who they are serving. Fifty-five people shouldn't represent 500,000. We should all be able to cast votes equally with the same credentials.

All in all, there are in fact some limited benefits of an Electoral College, but a direct election or popular vote would suit our nation much better based on our needs in the present. Through Electoral College it is much easier to recognize who won the election and a few more advantages, but it has become very outdated and unequal. It is time for change and we must act now!    