There has been a major awareness of the effects that cars have on us as a means of transportation. People question whether or not abandoning cars as our primary use of transportation is worth the health of the environment. The simple answer to that is obvious, there would be no awareness, no statistics, no movements to prevent the use of cars, if there weren't any issue with them. Eliminating cars as our primary source of transportation is almost impossible, meaning that the solution to this fossil fuel emission problem must be an alternative source of energy. As technology has advanced, so has the mindset the majority of the modern society's population towards the issues of cars. Has the mindset of the population surpassed the advancement of technology, or have we been ignoring the fact that these fossil fuels emissions have been detrimental to our environment.

The one major thing that has caught everyone's attention is that the health of our environment being negatively impacted by the use of cars everyday. This is because this is the problem that should catch everyone's attention. People have this false notion that we wont see any environmental changes in our lifetime, so this means we dont have to worry  about this now. The problems that we predicted would occur have been occuring over the past few years. A prime example of this would be in Paris. Paris had been experiencing some weather problems. There was an abundance of smog that was filling the air, and diesel fuel was blamed. Paris enforced a partial driving ban as a solution to the smog problem. By eliminating cars as a use of tranpotation, some questions may occur. How will external delivery companies be able to deliver. By not being able to deliver, these companies will lose revenue, due to the fact that Paris has a partial ban on driving. Since this is most likely temporary, and a "partial" ban, this problem may be eliminated from the cons list of implementing this regulation. But a correlation occured. After the partial ban of driving, the smog dissapeared. This shows that by eliminating cars as a use of transportation this would have a significant effect on our harmed environment.

Another falacy that the majority of the population has is that the only problem facing the use of cars as the modern society's primary source of transportation is that cars harm the environment. Even though this is the problem that we all need to face now, there are other tedious things that come with the adoption of cars. Bogota, Columbia, has had extreme congestion, has created a movement that has been so successful it has spread to other countries. This movement involves the population abandoning their cars for one day and using any other possible means of transportation. This movement encourages the elimination of cars, physical fitness, and the elimination of traffic jams. The population of Bogota is so dedicated to this movement, that they have participated n this movement through bad weather conditions. This movement treats itself like a fundamental holiday to have every year. "It' s a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."- Carlos Arturo Plaza (participant of the movement).

As you can see the process of eliminating cars as our primary source of transportation is a very difficult thing to accomplish. Bogota, Columbia's movement to abandon cars for one day is the closest the modern society has gotten to this. For this reason, there should be an alternate source of energy cars should run off of. By the environmental issues facing the use of cars, there have been many other problems that have sprouted because of the awareness that the modern society's citizen has now. Through the support of cars as the primary source of the modern population's transportation, there has been an abundance of users of cars. Since there was an overproductions of cars, seeing how this is the primary source of transpotation, statistics have occured showing the true dangers of the effects that the overuse of cars has on our environment. By implemeting an alternate source of energy that is not harmful to the environment, this would fix the majority of the problems. Instead we have been focusing on self-driving cars instead of cars that will be able to sustsain our environment before it's too late. A potential solution is energy efficiency, but the number one solution is awareness. Encouraging awareness is the one thing that can produce more potential solutions.    