Distance Learning

Do you think students would benefit more from attending classes from home or from school? Most students require peace and quite while learning. They prefer somehere quite, so that they can focus more; however, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be more distracted and they won't be able to ask questions.

To begin, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be more distracted. For example, Generic_Name was a high schooler. before he started school, he was given the following choices either to take: home classes, attend school, or online classes at school. Generic_Name chose home classes for he thought it was going to make his life easir. The first month was going perfectily fine. He got so used to attending classes from home that he did not take it serous anymore. Most of the time during his class converence, his phone would ring and he would just take it and walk away. Which made him so dictracted. He missed important lessons that he needed to know for the upcoming test. Generic_Name's dictraction was not only his phone, he was disctracted by many more things especially devices. Thus, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home for they would be more distracted.

Second, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they won't be able to ask quetions. For example,Generic_Name was a junior in high school. She was a very smart girl and she took home classes. Even though she was smart, there was some things that she did not understand in her math class. A day before her exam, her tecaher sent her a review video. While she was watching the it, the tecaher talked about the topic that she was having trouble understing. She wanted to ask a question about it, but she could not because it was a video. The next day her teacher sent her the exam. Generic_Name was not able to ask questions, which was why she failed it. She had to retake the class the next year but she decided not to take it from home. Thus, students would most likely not benefit from being able to attend classes from home for they won't be able to ask questions when they are having trouble understanding.

Some people may say that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. This is true because some students focus more when they are learning alone; however, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they may not understand. For example, Generic_Name was finishing her senior year in high school. She was so exited about going to collage, she thought she could do anything she wanted to there. The first thing she did was request for home classes.

After starting her home classes, in the beginning she thought her not understanding what the teacher was teaching is something normal for all beginners. Little did she know that the more she did not understand, the more she failed, and the more it affected her grades. Generic_Name failed her freshmen year in collage because she took the classes from home and did not understand anything at all. Thus, people may say that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because some students focus more when they are learning alone; however, students would not be able to benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they may not understand.

In conclusion, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be more dictracted and they won't be able to ask questions. Most of the students, espeacially high schoolers, are more likely to be distracted by devices and many more other things, they would not benefit anything from taking classes from home for they get distracted very easily. They would also not benefit anything from beaing able to take classes from home because they would not be able to ask questions about the things they are having trouble understanding.