The electoral college is a process that consist of the elections of the electors. The electors all meet up and vote for the future President and Vice President. The electoral college consist of a numerous amount of electors from all different states in orde to provide each state with one or more electors to represnt the statesthoughts and decisions. The electoral college should be changed because people are being represented incorrectly, and the method used may turn away potential candidates.

To begin with, many factors provide sufficent support for the Electoral College to be removed and one is that the citizens of the state and not being represented correctly. The citizens are misrepresented due to the fact that they are not the ones who directly vote for the President. In the system the process is that the citizens vote for an elector who then goes to vote for the President and Vice President. What may happen is that the citizens vote for an elector who says that they might vote for a certain candidate but then when the time comes for the voting to take place the elector may have changed his final decision on who he wants to vote for so the citizens who voted for him expecting that he would vote for a certain candidate do not get the proper vote because the elector changed his vote. This may cause a descrepensy becuase the citizens are not being represented correctly causing tHEM to become upset and start a huge problem because they feel that the trust they put in their electors was misused.

In addition, another problem that arises due to the Electoral College is that people may feel disencouraged to vote. Due to the fact that voters vote for a representative who then votes for the President they may feel that their vote has no affect. If the citizens feel that they have no hope in carrying their state then they will not vote causing the polls to decrease. This process turns down potential voters for a certain candidate causing the poll to not work in its full affect with everyone voting and having inacurate representation.

In conclusion, the Electoral College            