Imagine a woman is in labor, sweating profusely as her water breaks and contractions begin to happen. Her husband is off at work, and she is home alone. Who will drive her to the hospital in this emergency situation? Oh wait, she purchased a driverless Google Car last week. This car will drive her to the hospital, possibly saving a life. Driverless cars are an innovative new idea, and this idea needs to be taken to the streets and incorporated into the life of an everday human.

Driverless cars are an an ingenius invention. Driverless cars bring many great aspects to the table. These asepcts include half the fuel usage of today's taxis, more safety features, and the convience of not having to drive. In paragraph one, the article sates, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus." This exerpt from the passage shows that these cars would be much less stressful than taking a bus, and would use half the fuel.

Many people believe there would be too many legal issues with driverless cars. If the car were to malfunction and crash, who would be at fault? In paragragh nine, the passage states, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--the driver or the manufacturer?" These lines from the passage leave the open question of whose fault it would be in the case of an accident.

The legal issue is a large problem, but it has an easy answer. In paragraph 7, the passage states, " The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." This exerpt from the passage shows that while the car is driving itself, the driver should still be paying attention. The manufacturers should make it clear that there is a risk of an accident, but it will be the drivers fault in that case. The driver has a decision to make, they can sit back, or they can pay attention.

The positive factors heavily outweigh the negative factors of having driverless cars. While the legal problem is still in the air, it can be fixed easily. So think back to the pregnant lady. What would be if it was not for the driverless car? 