Dear state senator,

I think we should change the election by popular voting for the president of the United States because under the electroral college system, the voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors. They should change it for many other reasons, at the most likey level, electoral college is not fair to other voters because of all the winner that take it all system in each state.

Plus candidates don't even spend their times in the places they know they would have no chance of focusing on the tight races in the states or in no chance of winning. The electoral college is practically unfair, outdated, and irrational. I mean the electoral college can have some good outcomes such as the non democratic method of selecting the president that would be overruled. When you're voting for an electoral college you're actually voting for a slate of electors. They usually avoid the problems of the elections in which none of the candidate gets a majority of the votes that are casted. In some states they know their votes will have no effects. The most thoughtful people that vote should be the ones that decide the election.

Electoral college are retained because of its lack of democratic pedigree, all are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative. Elections are only a few of voters away from catastrophe. In elections there could be ties, deadlocks, in Hawaii they had voted the other way. Their are many campaigns about 17 states didn't see the candidates at all including South Carolina, a lot of voters didn't get to see campaign ads. Some win the popular votes but lose the presidency. About 60 percent of the people prefer a direct election from what we have now.

Voters that are now in the presidential elections are people who want to express the political preferences rather than to have people who think single votes can decide an election. Winner-take-all method of awarding the electoral votes induces the candidates. Some other things begin equal, a large state gets more attention from the presidential candidates in campaigns than a small state.                    