Texting & Driving

Using your phone while driving is a worse combination than a chicken sandwich and mayonnaise. Most people with common sense know this. You may pull it off a few times, but one day, you will look away at the wrong time. There are many reasons why you shouldn't use your phone while driving. The first one is pretty obvious.

One reason you shouldn't text and drive is because you won't be focused on the road as much. You're at more risk of getting into a car wreck. The brain is focused on the next message you're about to send, rather than the road. Driving requires as much focus as possible. Even something as small as checking the time can put your life at risk.

Another reason is that you could possibly kill someone with your vehicle due to not being focused on where you are going. You could swerve in a different lane unintentionally and hit another driver, causing them to possibly spin out of control, or drive into a wall or tree. The best thing to do is to turn your phone off while operating a car just so you can focus on your next destination. It doesn't matter how much experience you have. Accidents happen when you least expect it.

Finally, the last reason you shouldn't driving and text is because you could unintentionally get lost because you made the wrong turn, or you missed your exit. It is so easy to miss your turn even without a phone in your hand, so imagine actually being on it. Some people have short attention spans; they can't multitask like others. Unless you're using your gps, you shouldn't even be looking at the screen.

Many deaths have occured because of the driver's false confidence of being able to text and drive. There's no way to finesse your way around it. Statistics show that you're more safer in an airplane than in an actual automobile. Driving is already risky as it is. By you using your phone, you instantly put your life in even more risk, and also others. So many more people would be alive today if they would just turn their phones off before turning on their car.         