Since Smartphones were released to the public, they have become a huge part of most people's day to day life. It's the first thing they look at in the morning and the last thing they see before sleep. This electronic takeover has had a very big affect on distracted driving, causing many innocent lives to be lost all because of a Text message. Driving is a skill that requires constant focus on the road and the others on the road with you. Carless or negligent driving doesn't just affect the person doing the act, it also effects everyone around the distracted driver.

Texting and driving incidents are one of the most reported problems in the US right now. In 2013, 3,154 people were killed in distraction-related crashes, about 424,000 people were injured in crashes involving a distracted driver and 10% of all drivers ages 15 to 19 involved in fatal accidents were reported to be distracted at the time of the crash. Distracted driving has had a huge impact on many young Impressionable drivers who are very prone to starting bad habits that may lead to accidents involving other drivers on the road. Phones should not be involved with driving because they are simply too distracting and there is clear evidence that supports it, many lives can be saved and avoid all the pointless pain and agony caused to the people involved.

There are laws set in place to protect us that make sure people aren't distracted while driving, and if they are there are consequences that could even result in the revocation of their licenses. I believe these laws benefit society as a whole. If we were to not have these laws, then the death rates in the US would sky-rocket past the limits they already are. The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year and texting while driving is 6x more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk.

With a problem that is so avoidable I hope that people can come together and realize what texting and driving is doing to the world and that all we have to do is follow the law and stay focused while driving to not only protect ourselves, but all the innocents around us. Together everyone can make a change by making the right decision when on the road.

Phones & Driving          