Have you ever wondered how professional athletes got their start? Extracurricular activities have a part in that. From football teams to science clubs, students are participating in life changing events. Students create special bonds over these activities, which makes them so important. It is a good idea for principals to require all students to participate in extracurricular activities. These activities are a good way for students to be introduced to one another, they open up opportunities for these kids, and it gives these kids something to look forward to.

Extracurricular activities are a great way for students to meet and bond with new people. Some students are far more shy and reserved then others may be. There are kids who are sitting by themselves every day, and are constantly alone, but having these kids in a school club or activity could really help them with making friends. Schools are constantly getting new students, but these kids might not adapt as well as one might think. Being the new kid is always hard on students, and is sometimes very scary, but having these kids participating in extracurricular's could help students meet new people and begin friendships. Students might be having a hard time fitting in at their school. Being a part of a club where they are surrounded by others like them could help them realize they are not the only people who struggle, and they have people to rely on. Extracurricular activities could have a great impact on a student's social life.

These activities have opened up countless amounts of opportunities for these teenagers. Some families might not have enough money for their child to play on a professional sports team, but these kids are given the opportunity to represent for their school teams. School sports teams can help kids accomplish things they could only dream of, and it can become a treasured experience for them. Students can get the kickoff to their career with extracurricular activities. Athletes in high school are often scouted out by recruiters for college teams, which can end up with these students playing in national leagues for a living. Teenagers can put on their job resumes what they accomplished throughout their high school sports career, or even on teams like the debate team. Accomplishments as big as winning state and national championships, or as little as winning a game can help managers get a sense of who you are. Extracurricular school activities have a higher value in different ways throughout your life.

Students often have nothing to look forward to as they go to school, but having extracurricular activities gives them something to be looking forward to. Some sports teams or school clubs like to hold after school practices or meetings that are mandatory for the students to attend. Kids might be waiting to go to their football practice, or their team meeting, throughout the day, so they can work hard after school and see their teammates and friends. On occasional weekends, or in some cases every weekend, their team might be playing in a game or going to a competition, which causes students to become excited. Some of these students are very dedicated to what they do and when they go out to compete or to play they give it everything they have, and they feel very accomplished if they become the champion. Some of these kids are not getting out of the house very often, but these activities, like sports, give them a reason to. They might not be leaving their house because they have nowhere to be and nothing to do, but playing sports gives them a reason to become active. These activities are the reason some kids enjoy going to school.

It should be required for students to take at least one extracurricular activity. These activities have created many benefits to a students daily life. Shy kids learn to open up to others and to talk to people, while others get opportunities opened up for them. Most kids enjoy these activities, and look forward to them. In the future, more schools should be opening up to extracurricular activities, and make sure all students have the opportunity to be a part of one. 