Dear Senator,

recently there has been much debate about whether the Electoral College should be retained or not. After reading the artices, it is very clear to me that the Electoral College has worked efficiently for many years and, therefore, should be kept as a way of voting for our country's president.

First of all, even though a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral college is quite possible, it is much less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. Imagine if an argument broke out about the outcome of popular voting. There would be absolute chaos and too many different opinions. Even though many voters would argue that they prefer direct voting, the product of that would only overcomplicate the system and make things run less smoothly.

Secondly, the Electoral College should be kept because it restores the weight in the political balance that the bigger states lose by the virtues of the mal-apportionment of the Senate that was decreed in the supreme law of our country, the constitution. It also makes a tie highly unlikely.

Lastly, the system of the Electoral College helps to avoid the problem of run-off elections. There is a lot of pressure for elections in which no candidate gets a majority of the votes cast. If it were not for the Electoral College, that pressure would greatly complicate the presidential election process. The Electoral College reduces the risk of a run-off election and produces an obvious winner. According to article three, since almost all states award the  electoral votes on a winner-takes-all basis, even the smallest plurality in a single state can create a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state. Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for tht party's nominee, and that trust is hardly ever betrayed. Some people argue that the Electoral College is unfair because because it is possible that the winner of the electoral vote may not win the national popular vote. Although that is true and it is possible, it is also incredibly rare. It happened once in 2000 in the election betweeen Bush and Gore, but that was the first time since 1888.

All in all, I believe the Electoral College has proven to be consistently successful in the history of our country. After all, it has given us great presidents and, hopefully, it will continue to do so in the future elections to come.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            