Summer projects is an excellent way for students to continue learning and to grow academically during breaks while having fun doing it. When teachers assign projects which is designed by them, it decreases the student's motivation to complete the project because students find it amusing to design and create their own projects and not the other way around. Another reason why summer projects should be student-designed is because students are able to research many topics which they could potentially be interested in. Summer projects during the break should be student-designed because it increases student motivation to complete the project, students are able to gain knowledge on something they came up with themselves, and they are able to have fun while conducting research on their own topics.

The first reason why summer projects should be student-designed is because of the increase in motivation. Students are motivated when they are interested in what the project is about. When the project is teacher-designed, student's lack the motivation to complete the task as they could be uninterested in the project the teacher had assigned them. Some students might assume the project will be tedious because the teacher is assigning it and as a result, feel unmotivated. For example, When the teacher assigns a project, it can be difficult to research and come up with ideas which leads to the students feeling stressed and confused on what to do regarding the project. But when a student designs their own projects, they probably already have an idea or information on the topic of their project. Another example is when students are assigned a project, and there is a choice to organzie and create your own project for extra credit, students are motivated to perorm well on the project. That is why schools should have students perform research on their own project topic because it motivates them to get it nicely done. An increase in motivation means an increase in the quality of the project and the thought of satisfaction while completing it

The second reason why summer projects should be student-designed is because students are able to gain a tremendous amount of knowledge as they are coming up with their own ideas on researching, creating, and completing their own projects. For example, during the break, multiple students travel out of state or out of the country. When the students go on vacation, they will locate lots of great topics and ideas to research on. Therefore, increasing the student's knowledge on the topic or idea of the project. This causes the students to become more erudite during the break and when they return back to school from the break. Although the students will still gain knowledge on a teacher-designed project, they do not gain a much broader view on the topic of the project. Another example is when a student works at someplace he or she enjoys working at and decides to do their project on that particular job. This is going to increase the sudent's knowledge as the student is researching more information about the job whilst also learning more about the place he or she works at.

The third reason why summer projects should be student-designed is because students are able to have fun while conducting a research on their topic. Students always want something fun to do; therefore, by designing their own projects, they are able to make it as fun as they want. When the teacher designs the project, the students would probably assume that it is dull. For example, when a student does something for fun over the break, they could do their project on what they did instead of doing a project on something they have never done before. Another example is when a teacher-designed project is assigned and the teacher is extremely facetious about what and what not to include in the project. When this happens, the students won't find the project to be amusing or interesting.

In conclusion, summer projects should be student-designed as it greatly benefits the students in many ways such as motivating them, allowing them to gain more knowledge, and having fun whilst working on the project. When teachers design projects for their students, they are not allowing the students to fully expand into many areas but allowing them to conduct a research and work on their project in a way they want it to be done, which limits the students ability to be motivated to work on the project, to gain knowledge on the project, and to enjoy working on the project.