Have you ever talked to one person about everything and a few times they weren't able to talk? You always get their opinions from them. They either put you down or say nothing about what you asked them. They always push you away or ignore you when you need advice on something. In that case, seeking multiple opinions or advice can help someone make a better choice. Three reasons are people might have different opinions about stuff, the person you talk to is busy or you are tired of them putting you down, and you can meet more people or make new friend to for their opinions and advice.

Everyone is different in a way and no one is exactly like one a other. People have different opinions about games, music, drawings, and fashion. Asking other people for their opinions could help you and if you ask for other people's opinions it could raise your self esteem. If you are asking people their opinions you could have multiple resources to get opinions from. You should always ask for other peoples opinions if you are stuck on something so you make a right choice or a better choice than when you just think before doing something.

The person who you might ask for their opinions and they are not there you have no one to ask. They could be busy with talking to someone else or dealing with stuff at home. Let's say your talking to the same person and sometimes they could be negative towards you, that could impact you or upset you. You don't want to tell them how you feels so you ask other people for there opinions about stuff. You could always try and find someone else to ask or just brush off people's negative opinions about you.

Asking for other people's opinions you could meet new people that have will give you their opinions. Meeting new people just means more friends and people who if you ask them to give an opinion they will. For an example your friend's are hanging out with her other people who you don't know all of you could hanging out and get to know each other. After awhile you guys could give each other advice or opinions about any problems you are having at school or at home. Meeting new people could be nervous at first but ending results you end up having a good time after all.

Therefore, seeking multiple choices and opinions isn't that bad has having one opinion for everything. Seeking multiple opinions can help people make better choices. Other people have different opinions and advice depending on what the problem is. The person who you always talk to is busy or you are tired of them always putting you down. You can meet other people or make new friends, they can give you their honest opinions and give you good advice about making the right choices to do better in life or in school. Never be scared or nervous to ask for people's advice or opinions.