Do Google cars truly work? Can humans completely trust a machine to do all of the work for them with their lives on the line? Although Google cars are really interesting and intelligent, these cars cannot be trusted. These cars can only help a person drive and alert them when the task is too hard for the car. All drivers must remain alert throughout the ride, and not everyone can stay alert. Also, what happens if the car ends up in an accident? Someone will have to pay for the price, which can cause immense conflict. Therefore, Google cars should not be produced and sold to customers, for it will cause conflict and danger for everyone.

In paragraph seven, the author states that "none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless." This statement means that the cars cannot drive completely by themselves and will need a person to be alert in case the road "requires human skills." Although the seat vibrates to get the driver's attention, it is possible that some will not be able to react quick enough, which may cause a severe car accident.

Because of this problem, people must stay alert just in case they go though a road that requires human skills. The author states that "the Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." This may seem like a simple issue, but it isn't; people who drive for a long period of time will get bored if they drive the Google car. In paragraph eight, the author questions this by asking, "wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?" If people get bored of waiting for their turn, then they will do something to get rid of their boredom, hence leading to a terrible accident.

When someone runs into a car accident, most people would blame the driver. In paragraph eight of the excerpt, it says, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault---the driver of the manufacturer?" Logically, both of them are at fault; the driver should have been paying attention, and the manufacturer should have known the consequences of selling the car. However, this will most likely unsatisfy the people. Everyone will get into a huge argument which will lead to an enormous conflict.

Google cars are an amazing invention, but it has some flaws; even if "Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time," people should not trust the car. What about the other 10 percent? The 10 percent shows that it is possible that the car will get into accident, and that accident could lead to thousands of people dead. These accidents will most likely happen because people were not alert during the times they should have been. Can one trust these cars to take them anywhere with their lives on the line, or should they risk the 10 percent and hope for the best?    