I strongly belive that if fellow citizens hold back on driving to get to point A to point B every time , just a little can help improve many things. For example on the streets their will be less traffic , which means less time for people to go where they need to go. Another thing that is benificial is if helps the enviorment. The enviorment has been getting affected by the tons of damage the veicles are giving to our o zone. especially Antartica. Also cars waste a lot of our resources which some of us use daily, with so many cars that are being driven every day is a everyday stuggle to those who work hard to get the oil from so deep in the earth . That some were talking about that is it possible that we can drain up all the oil?.

One of the large beifits that come with citzens trying to  not drive their veicles so often,is the amount of times some citizen will save to get to point A to point B. their will be lest traffic on the streets . Which is a benifit to all in the community. A great amount of people like soccer moms or people in general who have to take their kids to a certain place like soccer pratice or a sochool play have give up their cars . Finding another solution to get their child to where they need to be without having to use their own car to drive them there and just find another easier transportaiton.

The big reason why people are trying to find  a solution for citizen to stop having to use their veicles so often is to help our enviorment. The enviorent has gone through many changes which all were a result to something bad to occur. The ice  in antartica has been melting wich means the water level has increases alot and keeps on increaseing. in the past year, scientist concluded that 2014 that the hottest  year  which were all a cause not only beacuse of so many veichles being driven around also other things but mostly the bad amout of polution the cars are giving the sky . which is a advantage of the enviorment to get better and so that the water level can go back to normal and not have to experience disasters that come with the bad enviorment.                             