In the arcticle it states how driverless cars are in planning and in the process of being made. Technology is increasing every year and I believe by the year of 2020 it will be more advanced than it has ever been. I have to say in my opinion I am against driverless cars.

I have my reasons of why I am against driverless cars.

In the text it states that the driverless cars in the making still require human ability.

I believe that humans should be in control of the car so their is no malfunction.

I would not trust the car driving on its own.

Technonoly is not perfect their are screwups, and one screwup from a driverless car can cost the life of someone.

Driverless cars dont just have cons though they have pros.

One pro is that if someones is drunk they can get in the car and not have to control it and having the risk on getting into a dangerous accident.

According to the text it says that the car system is a safety feature. This can be true, but everyday technology advances, and humans become more and more accustomed to it.

Though technology is a wonderful thing to use and have, I believe that it is also harmful.

Now in this time period we are used to technology doing things for us, this can lead us to not think for ourselves or do things for ourselves.

Back in the old times humans did things for themselves some of the greatest minds of our times changed the world and how we live today but if technology begins to increase and think for us humans wont be able to learn for themselves or experience different things.

Our mind will be closed off from the world.

Our creativity level can decrease.

One thing that most of us go through and experience is driving.

In the text it claims that the cars have navigating systems that will lead the car to go where we want it to without driving.

We wont need our sense of direction or our thinking to solve where to go to get to our destination.

The whole point is we will not use our brains and think for ourselves but we will let technology think for us.

We will not increase our minds in the sense of obtaining more knowledge because we wont know or have a clue of what to do.

We will simply be cut off from learning or experiencing things or situsations for ourselves.

These factors play a major part in day to day life.

A driverless car is the start to that.  