Using cars has become a big part in our everyday lives. Cars can be really convenient when traveling, or driving a long way to work or school, but they also come with disadvantages, such as the gas your car burns off can pollute the air, and cause issues like smog. Less cars means less traffic, which leads to less accidents. We've become so reliant on cars that we dont really get out much and walk or bike, which could lead to things like obesity and other medical problems. Limiting car usage has many advantages that could help the environment, and ourselves.

Air pollution is probably one of the main disadvantages that come with cars. The gas that your car burns, releases harmful chemicals that can cause environmental problems, like smog for example. That's not good, especially for people who have health problems, such as ahsma. I know from personal experience that my little sister has bad ahsma, and sometimes she finds it hard to breathe if she walks into a room where someone has smoked in even hours before. Image how the smog would affect other people like that. Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air a bit. The smog cleared quite a bit just within a few days with the ban. They even recorded that due to the ban, there was a 60 percent congestion drop.

As stated in the last paragragh, due to the driving ban in Paris there was a huge drop in traffic. With less traffic, comes less possibility of multiple accidents a day happening. Less people would lose their lives, or be faced with huge insurance and medical bills. One time, my dad got into an accident on the way to work. He was fine, but the car wasn't. His insurance went sky high, and the expences to repair the car was unbelievable, and it was really difficult for him, financially, to pay for everything after the wreck. Limiting car usage, in my opinion, would be a really good thing for people.

With vehicles, we don't really have the need to walk or ride a bike anymore, because wherever we need to get to, we can just drive there. Excersise, to me, is really important. Walking, jogging, biking, ect. are good things to help keep things, such as our blood sugar in check. My uncle recently was having really high blood sugar levels and it was causing him to lose vision, and making him nausious. He went to the doctor about it and they informed him that it was so high because he doesn't get any excersise ot physical activities, he just sits on his couch all day, or when he needs to go somewhere, he drives. Medical issues like that could be prevented, especially if there was a limited car usage to where people would have to walk or bike to their destination.

I believe that with limiting car usage comes with plenty of advantages, a few being less air pollution, less accidents, and less obesity and health problems.    