Cars are just a simple waist. Why use a car when you can take a bus or even walk. Cars bring a usage of smog. Not having cars is an opporuntity to take away stress and lower air pollution. Also Obama's plan was to curb United States greenhouse gas.

To start off, Accordring to "Paris bans driving due to smog" by

Robert Duffer it states in paragraph  seventeen "due to cars in Paris typically has more smog than any other European captials" .If cars was ban smog wouldnt be a problem to our world. Since smog are caused by smog congestion was down sixty percent in the capital of France. The smog rivaled Beijing,China which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world. In Frace they have more cold nights then warm due to smog because the warmer layer of air is trapped by car emissions.

In Addition, According to "Car-free day spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by

Andrew Selsky it sates in paragraph twentyfour "its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution". People do need an off day because so many people in the world are just way to stressed out. Air pollution is bad for our lungs. If cars were banned it reduces air pollution. Many people have breathing problems like so myself i have asthma. if cars were banned it would be a safer environment to live in.

Further More, Obama's goal was to curb the United States Green house gas. According to "The End of Car Culture" by

Elisabeth Rosenthal it states in paragraph twentynine "President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States ' greenhouse gass emmisson. Just because Obama not in the chair anymore dosent mean he didnt mean us no good. Obama plan was to take care of us phycially, mentaly, also fincially. Due to our broad expanses and suburban ideals greenhouse gas has been one of the worlds prime car cultures its better for the environment and better for our health.

In Conclusion, cars are really not useful. Think about it, its bad for the environment,add bussiness to our world, and causes stress apon people. People dont want to spend their time walking everywere i get that but theres other transportation can be valued. Like taking the bus or even riding a bike.    