"Here we go again, sirens." "How many accidents is that now, three in less than a week?" Car accidents are increasing by the minute as decades pass. Drivers are losing their lives each and everyday, familes are greiving over loses, friends, siblings, relatives are being lost due to drunk drivers and young teens just now starting to drive. The air pollution is also getting worse because of vehicles that are used everyday to get from point A to point B, gas prices are rising and sometimes you cant even get to places sometimes because theres so much traffic in the street! We can prevent many of these problems by simply limiting the use of time people spend driving .

U.S. citizens should have a right in the dispute people are having over this topic. Should the U.S. limit the use of vehicles being used everyday? Yes. Millions of dollars are wasted everyday for people need gas in their vehicles to get to where they're going. Money that could be used to feed their familes or money that also can be used to buy clothes and other necessary things. There are Amercian citizens that live on the streets or in alleys that are in desperate need of clothes, food or even a home & here we are spending it on something that can be replaced by something as simple as walking or riding a bike to where you need to go.

Every year there are more and more car accidents being reported and the number keeps increasing. Teens that are in highschool and are just now driving on the roads are one of the top main causes on car accidents, another main cause of accidents are drunk drivers. Americans like to go to parties or gatherings or even just bonfires with friends sometimes and they drink recklessly. Then when time comes for them to leave, they get in their cars intoxicated, driving to wherever they need to go and boom! Their reactions just werent quick enough or they werent paying as much attention as they would driving sober and they crash into anything that came their way. Injuries were made, a life or maybe more than one was lost all because of a mistake that was made earlier that day.

Another reason why cars should be limited is air pollution. If cars are needed to be used on and everyday basis they should make them more "enviornmentally friendly". Some gases in gasoline are toxic and/or flamable. Gasoline can drip on something without you knowing and the tinest spark could ignite something so simple, that could turn into a burning fire. Your belongings could be burned to ashes or your car could even blow up into flames. Then money is needed to repair the damage or valuables that couldnt be replaced could be gone. The burning of everything could also release toxins into the air and cause sicknesses in some or could damage our ozone layer more then it already is.

Im not saying people should be banned from every using vehicles again, but it would help greatly if the usage is limited up to a certain point or instead of destroying, it could be used to benefit our enviornment; even leave it neutral.

Americans need to understand that there is more to life then sitting and letting things happen for you. Go for walks, take hikes, rollerblade, plan a bike ride through the park with the family, theres more to life than cars and vehicles. Sure its nice to go somewhere without having to walk but sometimes its good to have family outings and its also refreshing and fullfilling to feel the crisp, cold air hit your skin, walking outside the house on a cold day.    