Despite the dangers that Venus holds, scientists are still pursuing futher exploration onto the surface. Many spacecrafts have traveled to Venus but none have lasted more than a few hours in the tretorous climate. Temperatures on the planet's surface average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and a thick atmosphere of 97 percent carbon dioxide surrounds Venus. Aside from the high heat and pressure, Venusian geology and weather add additional issues. Earthquakes and erupting volcanoes impede the surface, and frequent lightning strike the probes seeking to land. Even though Venus is inexplicably dangerous, the unanswered questions, the close proximity and relativity to Earth keep scientists pursuing Venus and its dangers.

Venus may be close to Earth, but climate and weather impedes traveling to the planet. Since it is hard to get to Venus, it is hard to answer the many questions that both the community and scientists ask themselves. Unanswered questions, make Venus worthy of further exploration. Presently Venus is inhospitable, but the realization that it once supported oceans and various forms of life keep scientists interested. The only forms that are similar to Earth, are the moutains, valleys, and craters that form there.

Some would think that being in such close proximity to Venus, it would be easy to explore, whether it be from a telescope or fresh pictures taken from a rover, but that is not the case. The powerful weather and other impediments, keep the spacecrasfts from landing on the surface for more than a few hours. Also, Venus has the hottest surace temperature of any other planet in the Milky Way solar system, even though Mercury is closer to the sun.

Scientists have found out that in the past, Venus supported land masses, oceans, life forms, and other things relating to Earth, but the question still stands, how did it become the harsh planet scientists explore today? The structures that still stand such as moutains, serve as a purpose to further explore Venus. It proves that once Venus was just like Earth and Earth could one day become like Venus is now.

Further exploration of Venus could help scientists learn more about what happened to Venus and why it became a heated wasteland. Venus used to be just likde Earth before what happened? Over time, Venus' climate became significantly hotter and the life forms and most of the surface structure dissapeared.

Though Venus is extremely dangerous, the questioning scientists, the past relativity and close proximity to Earth, keep exploration to Venus still possible      