2000 was when the 21 centuery began. Since then we have came so far. From airplanes going at faster speed, more advanced phones, more relable machines. What is next? Our technlogy is slowly advanceing every day. With new products coming out each day. What if we could create driveless cars? It might seem like a wild dreams, but we're all a little mad here. Phones seem like a crazy idea when first created. What about driverless cars? Creating these car would help stopping car crashes, would have less popultion, and could save moeny in the future. Let's build these driverless cars for a better future.

Building these cars can save drivers, passengers, and pedestrians. The car send vibration signlas to the driver throught the car when put in danger. A specail touch sensore also will make sure that the driver's has there hands on the wheel at all times. A system can also be add to the car that can trun off devices when the driver needs to take actions. The number of car crashes in still high. What if we could stop this? We might be able to with this car.

Building these cars can cause less poplution. When these cars are made bus, trains, and taxis can be removed and replaced with these cars. The poplution that is cause can be reduced with these driverless cars. With these less cars will be on the road and less poplution will be made. With global wraming still high and the damage that has already been made with these cars it can stop it from rising.

Build these cars can also save the goverment money. Yes, money will have to be put into this project to create and test, but looking at the postive side of this. Less car will have to be made. Less mateirals will be need to buy from expores. Less gas will need to be bought. The moeny that is saved can be put in to help our economy and improving it.

Having a future will driverless cars? Doesn't that sound amazing? Cars the can save more lifes, cars that can save our planet, cars that can save moeny. Our future might be a little bit better if we had these cars. The 21 century promised new technolgies it time we created it. Driverless cars might be our first step to going into a more futurist era. We'll never know what the future has instored for us.