Do you think driverless cars is safer than non-driverless cars? Some people think that driverless cars ae better and others don't,but I know that driverless cars are better. There are a huge amout of reasons why driverless cars are better but I am going to name a few.

One reason driverless cars are better is because the smart cars will have the new technology. Paragraph 4 states, "Google's modified Toyota Pruis uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel,a rotating sensor on the roof,a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror,four automotive radar sensors,a GPS receiver,and an inertial motion sensor. The most important bit of technology in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. Dubbed LIDAR,it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings."All of the new technology allows the driverless are to copy the skill of a human at the wheel. The non-driverless cars doesn't really have all of this newer technology.

Another reason driverless cars are safer because within 10 years the sensors will become more complex and advanced. The sensors on the car will be able find and respond to the dangerous situations,such as rollovers or skids. Accoring to paragraph 5,"Within 10 years,those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information for the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine,allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone."More improvements to the sensors and computer hardware not only make driving safer but it could make the car handle more driving task by itself.

Driveless cars do has its fault too. You can't even test out a driverless car or computer driven car in most states,according to the passage. In California,Nevada,Florida. and the District of Columbia have led the country in allowing limited use of semi-autonomous cars,as stated in paragraph 9. the government still need to make new traffic laws for the driverless cars too. For example,if the driverless car is crashing by itself and someone gets injured who is responsible for the injuries.

In conclusion,driverless cars is the better and safer car because they will have sensors on them and the new technology. With the driverless cars the driver can just relax and let the driverless car do the work. The driverless car will be way more advanced than any other non-driverless car.