In the articles "making lisa Smile," The author describe how new technology called the Facial Action Coding System can indetify Human emtions. people should not creat a System that can indentify people emtion because it's destroy people privicy.

To creat a Machine that can identify their emtion and action can be danger. because it's like taking their privicy away, also people would not feel said because they machine can indentify their emtion and their action. I don't think it's a effective thing to creat because many people will felt that their bein watch. to creat a Machine that can indentify people emtion and action is like taking their freedom form them. Also people can take advantage of this and invade other people privice.

This system can invade people privice and they won't fet safe. as it's show in the articles using video can track theri facial movemets in real face or in the painted face. Also it can identify their weight. Although this is a great invition thing for human It's still not efficted. because to able to figure people emotion and action it's not our problem. because it's like when your sibling go through your stuff that is privice. to able to figur out people privice can also destroy realtionship, because everbody has dark secerty.

In now day technology is develope more and more, somtime they can be usefull. Most of they time they can invade people privice and realtionship. It's not neccery to identiy people emtion because it's could be a private, or famiy problem.

to identify privice it's taking their right and freedom also people might not felt safe because they know bein spy. through out the invition this facial Action Coding is not most efficted invition. because they are usefull but in the other hand it's ruind people privice.

Although this Facial Action Coding system might be usefull for some people. I still don't think it's exclussice invition because this invition can destroy or take away people freedom. most people might not felt safe by their surrounding because they are bein watch. This Facial Action Coding System invition should not be well reconzied because it's can intamated other people relationship like family problem also it can deterimed their facial expressions, and can also reveal their emtion; Most people might felt that they are taking their privice and freedom form them.