Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? I say yes and no. I say yes because some people get home sick just from being away from home too long. For some students its a better learning process and some students get distracted in class easily. I also say no because some rather prefer learning it in person than from a distance. My personal opinion is that I think its so much better for a teacher to explain and actually show you what to do in person rather than online.

Most students take there classes online because some of them can't concentrate in class or they easily get distracted. I can most certainly say I get distracted in class because for one I love to talk, but I also get my work done because I know how to muti-task. But some students cant do that. I never really considered taking online classes because I cant just learn off what a electronic tells me. I prefer to be in class and listen and hear from a teachers point of view.

I think its way better to actually be in class and hearing it from a teacher because the teacher can help you understand your work more. Plus, if your struggling or don't understand what your doing then teachers have study hall and after school hours so students can come and get the extra help they need. My teacher Generic_Name is always asking my class do we understand it or do we need help. Therefore if we still don't understand what was being taught in class, she'll stay after school just so she can help us out and help us understand it more.

Online classes is not bad because it helps students be more comfortable at home rather than at a school. Most students don't attend college because of the distance. Mostly because they dont know anybody and so they rather be in an environment where they know people. I believe thats why they created online classes because most students dont feel comfortable being at school where they dont know anybody.

Finally, my answer to this questions is no, because theres no way you can understand your work more on a computer rather than actually hearing it come from a teacher unless you really focus and pay attention. Most teachers prefer students to take online classes to graduate and finish all your classes early. But I rather take my time and actually learn and understand more.