Dear, State senator I would like to have the chance to tell you my opinion on whether to keep the Electoral College or change to election by popular vote for the president in the United States. I would like to argue the fact that I think the Electoral College should be kept for the way in which we pick our president and vice president. with that being said the Electoral college isnt any regular thing. It is a process in which we elect the two most important people who represent our country. The Electoral College was estalished in the constitution. The way the Electoral College works is that the president and chosen by a vote in congress and a popular vote of qualified citizens.

To commence, the Electoral College has been the way we choose our president and vice president for many years now. There hasnt been any problems with it. So why the need to change it? Many people beliee that the Electoral College is and old thing that its time to come up with something knew. As said in source 3 " The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anachronism". Each state is given a number of electoral votes. The electors are the ones that eect the president not the people. Each candidate running for president in  somoenes state his their own group of electors. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is needed to elect the president. In my opinion the Electoral College works perfectly fine so their should be no reason to change the manner in which we elect our president and vice president.

Furthermore, if we were to change to election of pop[ular vote in the United States their will be more diversity and more political issues. Because with champaigning and that candidates electors will make it easier to win. And then it wont be really based on who really deserves to win. They could easily cheat in picking the candidate by popular votes. it shouldnt just be based on who has the popular votes their is more too it. We are talking about the person who will represent our country not someone who's about to gpo pick what dog they want for their family. Our country isn't a joke.

To Conclude, my response is that the Electoral College should be kept is the way we pick our president and vice president. There are many diverse opinions and this is a very critical topic but there is no need to change it now. Its all controlled and handled so well with the Electoral College a popular vote will just bring problems.    