I would say i'm more towards the con's of taking online classes from home, but their are also pro's with that way of learning. I believe it's easier for students to learn at almost their own pace, where they can get a better understanding of the lesson. Because if it's an online class the student most likely wouldn't have to worry ab the teacher going to fast or not explaining it right. Only a few percent of U.S students are home schooled either for a reason or because it could be easier for him or her. If you want to be lazy all day you could and still take the classes, you won't have to get ready for school like you usually do.

Won't have to worry about missing the bus or not having enough time to eat breakfast. Most kids don't have enough time to eat anything before school so they either eat breakfast at school or just wait until lunch. The cons of having online school at home is that students can get distracted easily or get lazy and not end up even paying attention to the online lesson. Because let's face it when your on your bed doing work you get tired of doing it and take a break almost every 10 minuets. Just end up getting bored quick and just start doing something else. Not going to school misses the experience of learning with friends and other people. That's what makes school fun, able to see your friends everyday.

Yes, school can be boring most of the time but being able to talk to other, classmates interact with them, getting help by your favorite teachers or if you need to somebody to talk to every student has a guidance consular. You can't really get that being home if you don't like sharing your problems with your parents. Most parents have gone to work in the morning so you'll probably be alone or with siblings which can also be a distraction.

I think online classes should be more used college than high school offering online classes. The students are already using computers to take notes. But for high school students some maybe don't have laptops or cant afford to buy. Not every high school are able to give computers to students for their work etc. So for students that may consider taking these online classes would't be able to take it . My conclusion is that online classes could be a good thing for students but can also be a bad thing. If they slack off at home their grades are just going to be worse than they probably were in actual school. There's always pro's and con's to everything.      