There are many advantages to limiting car usage in our community. Other countries such as France, Germany, and Colombia are home to cities that are working towards cutting down the use of personal automobiles. Many of the people in these places find that using alternative transportation means proves to be less stressful. Studies even show that fewer Americans are purchasing cars for themselves. Now is the perfect time to join in with Vauban, Bogota, and New York and spend less time in our cars.

It may seem hard to believe, but in Germany, there's a suburban area where residents live without their own cars. According to "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, the streets of Vauban, Germany remain "car-free" aside from some public transport. The article states that "70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here.". Heidrun Walter was quoted in the excerpt saying "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way..." Communities in Europe and the United States are hoping to move towards this "car-free" lifestyle, in order to become less dependent on automobile usage and cut back on greenhouse gas emissions that damage the environment. We may see an increase in the number of "smart planning" areas across the globe. If a mass of citizens wish to lessen the amount of time they spend in their cars, it's possible, and the city can adapt to a more automobile-less way of life.

Bogota, Columbia dedicates a day to transportation without the use of personal cars, where the city's goal is "...to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog". Many who visit Bogota during this time are impressed by the "revolutionary change" they see unfold before their eyes. Going "car-free" leads to more physical activity amongst residents and an overall nicer-looking community. "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky claims "Parks and sports centers... have bloomed throughout the city... sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks... restaraunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.". Not only does the city reduce the amount of greenhouse gas it contributes to the atmosphere, but it results in a more active and better-looking community.

What change would we see in our own community were we to follow in the footsteps of Bogota and Vauban? The United States is seeing a decrease of car ownership in the country. Less and less people are buying automoblies and obtaining driver's licenses. "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal says that "...America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling." The writer cites investment research company Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives, which states "...the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter..." The country is already subconsciously moving towards a more car-independent lifestyle. The millenial generation seems to be the biggest contributor to this declined interest in car-ownership. With improved methods of communication by means of social media and cell-phones, as well as more use of car-pooling and public transportation, people are staving away from car commuting. While this may require a change within the automobile industry, many agree that this turning away from private car usage will see communities striving to be more time and energy efficient when it comes to transportation.

Limiting the use of cars can lead to a less polluted and stressful environment, more exercise-oriented and upscale communities, and the conservation of our natural resources.  Cities around the world are working to become less car-dependent, so that they may limit their contribution of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere. Were our community to move towards this more eco-friendly, car-free way of life, we would not be alone.    