In the new age of online technology many people have seen improvements in all aspects of life. Within most school systems there has been an increase in technology around the schools, and some school systems take it a step further and allow students and teachers to use technology to complete work at home and outside of school. Many students may choose to take online courses if they arent able to attend a school in their area. However, some people say that taking online courses at home increases distractions and work would take longer to be completed. If more students started to take online classes then they could avoid major distractions at school, finish class assignments on a schedule best for them, and as they learn, they will have a teacher working specifically with them so they can get help in all areas necessary.

When comparing online classes to classes at school, one big issue that schools face are the many distractions in their buildings. For most schools there are usually distractions within the classes, hallways, and other areas. This can negatively effect any student that is attempting to enhance their knowledge of their subjects. Health is also an issue that prevents students from completing their assignments, mental and physical health can prohibit many students from doing their best in school or even attending school at all. Online school offers that opportunity to complete their work when it is best for them to complete it. Although some people may say this can be prevented but, mental health is an issue many students may experience, and if they had to go to an environment that influence them to feel malnourished mentally then online courses may help them complete their work.

Online classes also can provide a more flexible schedule for all students. In the collegiate level many students may have heavy schedules filled with work, sports, and even family. Online classes provide an opportunity for students to find a balance by allowing students to complete their classwork on hours that best fit them. Online classes also provide an opportunity to prevent a student from misunderstanding what their teacher is trying to teach to them, the classes are one on one experiences for every student to be able to understand. The flexibility that online classes are able to provide are beneficial for both students and teachers, teachers can pre-teach almost all of their lessons and have their students learn them at their own pace. A down side to this is the fact that some students just will not complete the work they are assigned, or they will procrastinate for as long as they are able to

These advantages to online courses will benefit all students who elect to enroll in the courses. The ideas that online classes will decrease distraction to students, it will allow them to complete their work one a schedule to best fit them and that one on one teaching will be best for all students are true. Online classes are a great alternative to regular classroom courses and should be introduced in more and more school systems.