Our population is booming and with it, our car industry. Cars have provided us with mulitple pros for example, getting us places more quickly, and transportation of goods and services is more efficient. We have to know though that with every good follows a bad, and our beloved cars might not be as great as we belive them to be! Pollution from cars has affected our enviornment severley, we have thousands of accidents daily, and we are stressed due to traffic congestion and daily driving. So, limitting car usuage could provide us with many advantages because our enviornment will not nearly be as polluted, and we will be less stresssed out.

Our enviornment has been infected with toxic greenhouse gasses, and carbon emmisions which comes from our cars' tailpipes. Mixed with rain, the pollution causes a heavy smog making it nearly impossible for people to even see what is right in front of them making it very dangerous. We are now forced to hold days where no one is able to use their own cars because the pollution is so bad. Arturo Plaza explains that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution. (Par 24)" On these special days, we are able to see and enjoy how much better it is living in a cleaner enviornment! It is much healthier for us and is a major advantage says Elisabeth Rosenthal. She explains that by not driving our cars, we'll drasitcally reduce the emission of greenhouse gasses. (Par 5)" This is a great advantage and isn't intangible to us!

Everyday we carry stress on us from school, work, and family life so why add on any more? When driving, the level of stress in clearly inevitable. Worrying every second on how other people are driving, being cautious, and traffic jams amp it up even more! By not driving, our stress levels will subside quite substancioully. Heirun Walter is a civialian in a town with no car usage. She explains that "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way. (Par 3)" Even though she is a mother of two and a media trainer, she is able to live a life less stressed without her own car. Also for example, people living in the town are much less stressed because their children can play in the front yard with out them having to worry about the passing cars. Heidrun Walter explains that she can walk down the streets where the  sound of children and passing bicycles drown out the sounds of motors. ( Par 3)"

We can help ourselves and our enviornment by limitng our car usage daily! Limiting usuage could provide us with many advantages because our enviornment will not nearly be as polluted, and we will be less stresssed out. This is not intangible to us, and can only bring our living standards to another level! We will be healthier, and live a better life.            