In this day and age whether you like it or not, theres no lie when saying technology has come incredibly far. So its no wonder why people are really asking the question; " are students better off taking online classes from home and/or video chatting with teachers" In more than one way, No, there are plenty of valid reasons to why student should take online classes, but they dont stack up to why students are better off taking classes in regular public/privet schools.

To start it off, there are a lot of things socially about public schools that are very important for rising adults. Yes, you could say there are students that just want a chance to learn and dont care for the social aspect of school.

That may be true in some ways, but that is such a smaller percentage of people wanting be home schooled than those who dont. public school gives students a chance to build character and make possible life long friends. while being home schooled your stuck with whoever is at your house and whoever you know outside of your household when your not trying to get work done.

there is no argument that public schools are full of distractions. Especially with the technological advancement of phones. But the level of distractions at home are much higher than at public schools and thats while not trying to work. Think of how students around the work perform on there homework or whether they even do it. Now think of that but with the normal amount of school work. There is no denying there would be a decrease in performance if most students around the world were home schooled.

To give credit where credit is due. I can see why primarily home schooling most students is a good idea. It allows students to be in a possibly more comforting environment. students are able to work at there own pace, whatever that may be. But honesty there are so many more positives to public schooling, its hard to really make a argument between the two.

In conclusion, Its hard to take away from the advancements of technology seeing as home schooling is as possible as ever. there are just too many aspects of public schools that compensate for the easy laziness of of homeschooling. home schooling of course isnt all bad. there are some people that have not choice but to be home schooled for a wide range of reasons. Overall i dont believe student would benefit more from being home schooled then they would from being public schooled.