STUDENT_NAME

Dear Mr. Principal,

Community service to me is something that everyone should be a part of. It's good to help people who need help or deserve help. Community service is good because you get an opportunity to help others in need. Some people just need someone to talk to, or they need a friend. You only get a couple of opportunities to actually do something for the community. When you get to do something for the community you can also have a chance to show God's love to a person who could use a little bit of God's love. Some people just don't know where to get God's love, but you can help them get a little taste of love when you do something nice for the community.

I definitely don't think that community service is a waste of time. Community service is something that you can do for the Lord. Community service can usually only take a couple of hours from your day. Community service can also change some ones life. It's nice to do something for the community. Community service is not just a waste of time it is a way to show people that you care about them, and love them. It's also okay if it takes just a few hours away from your day, it's important to show people God's love for them.

Serving the community is something that everyone should be a part of. Everyone should have a chance at some points in their life to show community service to people. If no one shows community service, then how will we show God's love to others? God put us on this earth to tell people about Him. Our job isn't just to sit around a t home and watch television. We're actually supposed to get of the couch, and go get God's word out to people who need it. Some people will never get a chance to experience God. We might just be about the only people ever to tell them about God. We can even get a chance to witness to them, and lead them to the Lord.

Yes, Mr. Principal, I do think that everyone should be a part of Community Service, because it is a chance to actually change the community. We can change some ones life by just doing a small act of service. You definitely should make everyone do community service. We need to get God out into our communities. Everyone needs to be able to get a chance to go to heaven. We need to get out there, and help people!