My claim for using the technology is great thing. Do you use technology everyday of your life? It could help kids out by making them interested in about what they are learn. The technology could tell what old paintings of people inthe old times and tell them wat they were feeling. I think it a great technology improvement to the world.

The FACS could help kids when they are getting borad of the school work and it could change it where they get more involed in it. The technology could make the kid do better in school if they lear then material in a different way that other. If a kid gets borad of his work and the computer that he is wrking on changes the way he lears it in a better way and a more fun way to learn the material.

The technology could tell what pecent of each emotions the old painting had. Just like the the Mona Lisa was feeling like she was 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. If we could figure out what all the paint of people and what they were feeling. This could tell us a lot about the person we were learning about.

This technology could change the life of the world. It could help us what percent of people were happy,sad, disgrusted, fearful,and angry. It could tell us whywe had all the war and what the Leader were thing when they satrted the war. This technology could figure out why we had all the problems we had in the past. The technology could change the way video games work or video surgery.

These are the reason why I think weshould have the technology. People could learn diferent way on how to do thing and kids wouldnt get tired of school. The technology help a lot of the world and teaches them how you can use it later in life. Could learn about what past people felt and figure out what happen in the past. I dont see why people think technology id bad because if help with everything in our life and teaches to use our rescoues. Would you agrre with me on my claim why we should have this technology?     