Phone Usage While Conducting a Vehicle

Since the beginning of modern technology there has always been a debate on the subject of using electronic devices while conducting a vehicle. There are many opinions on this subject, some more elaborate than others. Should people be allowed to use their phones while driving and possibly putting people's lives in danger? Although we can argue that there are many beneficial ways that you can use your phone in the comfort of your vehicle, the debate on whether it should be used at all is the main problem.

The National Safety Council reports that the usage of electronic devices while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year (prg 4). 1 out of 4 accidents are caused by texting and driving (prg. 4). These statistics prove that a couple of seconds from a minor distraction can literally be the difference between life and death or major injury. Full attention is needed while driving and nothing should obscure that for the safety of yourself and others.

It is a given that your attention should solely be on the road ahead of you but sometimes you need directions to certain places and that dilemma can be solved quite easily with the use of modern technology. In today's society phones and GPS devices have built in voice command programs such as "Siri" or "Google Now" and even "Waze" that specifically helps you navigate your music while driving. These innovations were created to help decrease accidents and further simplify your phone use and make it more accessible at any time.

Even though these programs exist on people's cellular devices accidents still occur because of careless driving. So it is safe to say that phones can be used while driving but with immense precaution. If drivers are careful they can safely conduct a vehicle while using technology but must continue to keep most if not all their attention on the road. Safety of others is very important as wee as personal safety and that should not be more important than anything during your time on the road.

Sources:

-https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html         