Have you ever been stuck, not knowing what choice is best? Well, seeking multiple opinions can help you make better decisions in many ways. Gaining input from your peers, parents, or teachers can help give you new ideas, stop you from doing something you'll regret, and even make you more confident in your own decisions.

Seeking for the advice and opinions of others can help you make a better choice by opening your mind to new ideas. Being open to the input of the people around you could change the way you think about a certain choice you have to make, and allow you to better weigh your options. Seeking the advice of others has definitely helped me make better decisions. One night, I was so set on going to my friend's house, but I had to watch my little sister. I kept on trying to convince my parents that she could be home alone, when really I just didn't want to have to babysit. Finally, I asked my mom if there was any way I could get around this, and she suggested having my friends over while I babysat. My dad suggested taking her with me to my friend's house. I was so focused on my idea that wasn't getting me anywhere, but when I asked for advice, new ideas were presented to me. It opened my mind to multiple options I'd never thought of before, all better than mine. This helped me make a better choice. You may be stubbornly focused, driving towards one destination in the distance, unable to see any other option. Listening the advice of the people around you can change that, giving you a whole new choice of what you could do, where you could go.

Seeking the advice of others can also help you make better decisions by stopping you from doing something you might regret. Say you're about to make a huge, life-changing decision, or even a small one. It's smart to first ask your peers, parents, or teachers if this is what's best. They may be able to stop you from doing something you will regret in the future. Your parents and teachers have experience, and hearing their input can help you make a better choice. Think about the decisions you have made in you life that you wish you had made differently. Think about how seeking the multiple opinions- from your friends, parents, people you look up to- could have helped you make a better choice. Seeking multiple opinions can show you that the decision you are making isn't the best one for you, and could help you make a choice that you won't regret later in life.

Finally, you may feel more confident in your own decisions after seeking multiple opinions. Maybe you are about to make a decision, but you are't very confident. Seeking the opinions of multiple people can help reinforce your decisions, like an extra set of armor. Last spring, my brother got into two of his top choices for grad school. Both the University of Chicago and Princeton had very good economics programs, which he had a PhD in. It was a very hard decision, so he did his research from multiple sources, including visiting both schools with family. After listening to my parents, his economics professor at his under-grad school, and seeing the schools for himself, he made the decision to go to the University of Chicago. He is finishing up his first year there now, and has loved it. Seeking multiple opinions and sources in this big decision of his life helped him make the choice that was good for him, and made him more confident in his own choice to go there.

Seeking the opinions of multiple people can help you make better choices by opening your mind up to new ideas, stopping you from doing something you might regret, and make you more confident in your own decisions.               