No student is the same. Everyone has their own distinct style of learning and their own hardships to go with that. Offering distance learning would allow for each students needs to be met. This diversity in schools would strongly benefit students' wellbeing and their ability to all ahve equal opportunities. Distance learning would positively impact students by creating diversity, helping students with menatal health issues, and by showing an understanding for those with their own passions and hardships.

Many schools find the basis of their eductaion evolving around classrooms. Classrooms are a main source of learning and have been for decades. While classrooms offer socialization, not all students adhere to these extraverted roles. Giving students the option of distance learning would allow for a students freedom in choosing what it best for them. It also offers a greater diversity of learning styles; while some students may flourish inside school, others may not. This inclusiveness in the school system would offer an abunace of students the ability to get what they recquire in order to achieve greatness.

Diversity in students is also seen within their minds. The number of those suffering with mental illness is rising every day and those suffering the most are often teenagers. With modern technology, and advancements in education, there is a greater understanding of mental illness as a whole. People who have a mental illness may be misisng valuable time from school because of it and would therefore greatly benefit from being able to get their education through distance learning. Social anxiety and PTSD has the ability to make classrooms themselves a trigger. No learning enviroment should feel scary or unsafe. People who feel as if their learning enviroment is negatively impactinf them and their futures should be given an alternate choice such as distance learning.

The advancement of technology does not only include mental illness awareness; social media has witnessed a massive spike in growth with upcoming years. Applications such as Twitter and Instagram are consuming younger generations. Young people are using these mass communications to persue new and fresh experiences. Students that are constantly traveling due to partaking in social media would tremendously benefit from distance learning.

Overall, distance learning would be a valuable assets to school systems because of their benefits to students. Students would be able to recieve a diversity in education, an awareness of mental illness, and an understanding of those with outside passions. Distance learning holds a very brighht future in younger generations and modern-day life. As people evolve, schools should evolve as well.