Pop! Great, now there's a hole in the ceiling. My friends should have listened to me when I told them we should've done this experiment outside. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices because people have different experiences, and people can give good, bad, or biased advice.

The first reason why asking for multiple opinions can help someone make better decisions is people have different experiences. Not all experiences go down the same way. One time when I went to a zip line park, I asked my friend who has gone zip lining if it was scary. She said it was exhilarating and was terrified but told me to do it. On the other hand, my other friend claimed he hated it and didn't recommend that I do it. In the end, my other friend twisted my arm and convinced me not to do it. I had missed out on a really big first experience, and now I regret letting him convince me. Different people have different experiences that are either good or bad.

Another reason why asking for multiple opinions can help someone make better decisions is some people give good advice, while others give poor advice. People can give pretty biased advice to others, which in turn affects other people. My sister asked for advice on making new friends. I told to tell her to just be herself, and hang around with people that share similar interests. When she asked our dad the same thing, he told her that friends don't matter once she become an adult, and if she wants to be a successful person, friends will just bring her down. Poor advice and false assumptions can lead to poor decision-making.

The last reason why asking for multiple opinions can help someone make better decisions is different perspectives can help someone get a feeling of what is going to happen. Every time I try something new, I try to ask multiple people about their experiences. For example, when I was starting orchestra in middle school, I asked an eighth grader about her experiences in the advanced ensemble. She said that it was really exciting to work with different people that share the same talent and appreciation of music. Her favorite part about being in orchestra was going on field trips to different places and getting to play at different schools. People like and dislike certain things, but that shouldn't make someone feel like they can't try new things, even if they think they dislike it.

Overall, people giving good advice and seeing different opinions and perspectives can help people make better decisions, especially if they ask multiple people. Advice shouldn't be one-sided either. If someone gives advice that is biased, he or she should go find someone else to ask. When someone asks for advice and the person giving advice is not a good person, he or she probably shouldn't listen to him or her. Seeking advice from multiple people can help someone make better choices.