Do you really think student's would like to complete summer projects over the summer? Me personally i would hate to even think about having some type of extra work in the summer, why? well here are my three reasons. I know sometimes in the summer, were bored and can't wait to start school. Secondly there's times where we want summer to hurry up and come around, because were drained mentally, physically, and emotionally because of the thought, we have work to finish up, make sure you turn it in on time before the due date and focus on maintaining to keep your grades looking good and not disappointing,. Thirdly, no teacher nor student would like to do a summer project over the summer.

Although, in the summer, were sometimes bored and can't wait to see are friends so were excited for school to start back up and hang out with are fellow peers. Because i know some people can't go out, hang out with friends because their parents are too stricked; or they're furious about letting their kids out at a certain time even though they can have a bed time but some parent's just can't risk anything i'm talking out of experience because my parent's are like that, it's not fun at all. But honestly you'll thank them later on as you get older or when you have kids because, how society now days is set up is crazy! , i tell you.

Then, we started school, for example "September 4, 2019" is the first day we enrolled in school then give it a few months into the school year "January 11, 2020". let me tell you, the first day of school was memorable, seeing the pleasant faces of missed friends and teachers was probably the best, but as soon you get later into the year it's not so jolly anymore, your're DRAINED the feeling that you just want to drop out, give up, you dress like you don't love yourself because of the amount of stress on school work, the end of year state test's, so you can't help but to say "I can't wait for summer" out of your mouth. You feel so relived when the word "summer" comes out, you start thinking about all the things you can't wait to do.

After, when you are finished with school, who wants to go home and wants to start on a summer project?? most defiantly not the teachers nor the students, we have been learning for months and i know teachers are sick, tired and cant wait to catch a break, don't get me wrong we need to gain knowledge everyday but after all the months we've been learning and teachers staying after to grade our papers and assign are next assignment when we come in class is a call, a call that we need a break.

To sum it all up. The moral of the story is no, no i don't think teacher's nor student's should be required to complete a summer project over the summer, it's too much for them and i'm pretty sure their brain needs some type of break, you know? vise verse. I hope the schools that require this assignment should think about there decision a little more. Respectfully.                      