If you've ever had a tough question then you would know there not easily solved. Most people go to others for advice, but is having advice from one person really enough to make the right choice?

There are so many reasons why it is better to ask more than one person for advice. One reason is because, gives you multiple viewpoints. There are so many different ways to look at things. People always say look at it from someone else's point of view or a different point of view, which is why it's helpful to do this when asking for advice. One of the best ways to look at a question is from a different point of view than your current one. Probably the best way to do that is to ask different people on their view of the question or topic.

Another reason it's good to ask multiple people for advice, is it gives you multiple answers. Let's say you have to decide between having cupcakes or cookies at a gathering, your going to want to get what everyone is going to want. While getting one persons advice is great, there's going to be ore than one person there, and they should all have a say in what is being served. However if you only asked one person and not the others, many people might not like the choice. You defiantly want to make the right choice and make sure everyone is happy.

The last reason is because, one person you ask might have more experience than the first person you asked. For example people who are older usually are wiser because they've gone through lots of things, and have most likely have received advice from others and given advice. So say you were asking a friend for advice when your trying to decide, but they don't know what to do because they've never had that question. So do you take their advice or ask someone else? It would always be better to go to someone that has had that question rather than taking advice from that friend, just because you make sure yo make the right choice.

For multiple viewpoints, lots of different advice, and for people with different experience levels, there are many different reasons to ask multiple people for advice. So next time you ask for advice remember more advice or opinions is better than less.   