Have you ever been behind someone that has been on there phone and didn't know the light was green or when someone almost hit you because they didn't see you because they were looking at their phone?

To start things off, I believe that there is a time and place for being on your phone with behind the wheel. If you are at a red light and you don't have to type or just have to answer a call or change a song i believe that is an acceptation to the rule of being on your phone. Since we are in the time and age were we have Bluetooth in cars and can connect to our phones so it makes it easier to call and or answer calls. Texting and driving is a must stop because you may think that you will be fine and can multitask but in reality you are putting you and the other drivers in danger. No one's parents should have to attend their child's funeral because they died from texting and driving or because someone else was texting and driving. There are many reasons not to use a phone while driving but there are also exceptions to this rule now you may not agree with me on this but this to me is the best actions to do because people will not stop with getting on their phones while driving but at least we could limit it to just a few ways that they could get on it while being behind the wheel.

Secondly, with technology still evolving in this day like now they are getting driverless cars that may be the next big step in the world of vehicles. Now with these cars we don't need to worry about the needs of driving cars if there is no steering wheel.

Every day about 11 teens die due to texting and driving in the United States but with today's technology they are trying to help stop texting and driving but everything we do doesn't seem to be helping and or stopping teens from texting behind the wheel. Some people still might not agree with me on what I believe is important but if you just give it some years maybe just maybe it may be possible in today's society that no one can get hurt from texting and driving.

Lastly, although it's a big problem for people to stop texting and driving, it's not a ban in every state in the United States. It's said that only 39 states put a ban for novice drivers because it isn't the biggest deal for some people to be able to text and drive which I know doesn't sound great but it's kind of the truth in a way. I personally have no experience of this because I can't drive but i see people who do drive and do this and it's not like it's every time it mainly at red lights you see them doing it. Now out the 39 states 20 of them ban it for school bus drivers also.

It's taken the USA almost 14 years and people still don't listen to no texting and driving.

To conclude, have you ever been behind some or seen someone texting and driving? I got to tell you some facts that maybe you didn't know about texting and driving and even I learned something new. I also gave some changes that could happen in the near future that could change how we see texting and driving.       