Dear principle,

Letting students participate if the have a grade B average is a good idea. This allows the hard working students to enjoy themselves. While it gives the average grade students to study and learn more to raise their grade. This also gives students motivation to do better in school which is better for the students future. Lastly those are some reasons why letting kids with only a B average and above participate in sports is a good idea.

Did you know statics show that children who have average grades who don't do sports at school earn better grades about 65% of the time? This amazing statistic shows how this great concept allows students to focus on their studies more and get better grades. This means that all the students will have brighter futures which is what we all want right? Lastly those are some statistics that help support this concept.

Another astonishing fact is that now that the students are motivated to do more schoolwork they'll learn more and listen more. This makes the teachers job much easier which is a great bonus in addition to students grades getting better. So now you know how it makes classrooms more quiet and an all around better learning environment. Which is a very great thing. This all goes back to the students earning themselves better futures which is something that can be understood world wide.

In addition to better work environments and students grades improving did you know this could very well affect the course of our nations future,. All these students could be future leaders or important workers leading our great nation. Now because they learned more in school they'll have acquired the knowledge to run buissneses and our country. Now that's something of the utmost importance. So now that we've given the students the tools to be successful our country could stand strong and proud. Now that is a great thing.

Now that I have told you the statistics facts and possible outcome it is now your choice to make though the choice should be obvious after what i have explained to you. Now you decide. Have a bright today and tomorrow. Or have a questionable today and tomorrow. The choice is yours. So on thought note i leave to make your decision.

Sincerely

STUDENT_NAME