If you using cars, you need to stop bruh! Cars are bad for the environment. Cars aren't as fresh as unicycles anyway. Cars are bad because it increases global warming, takes up too much space, and cost too much.

Who would want to see penguins fall into the water because the land they live on has melted? I do, but still it is not right. Cars make animals all over the world fall into the water because the land they are on is melting. One time i saw a history show that showed the ice melting and falling onto the sea. (Source 1) Anyways, whether you like it or not, that is a fact.

Cars are soo bulky and they have alot of mass. Thats right, I said it ! MASS! They make it harder to walk on the road. It looks like they are so big too! (Source 3) In ancient Greece, people used horses. Why cant we do that? Horses are alot skinnier than cars believe it or not. Also they dont need gasoline or electricity, they just need oatmeal or beans. Sometimes my horse eats its own feces also, which makes feeding it less of a hassle. (Source 2)

Last but leastly, cars are sooo freeckin expensive. Back in the days, cars used to cost like 500 dollars. (Source 5)Now they cost 5000 dollars for a used one. That is soo lame! Also, you have to pay alot of money. Sometimes you pay more money than the cost of your house. Now if you live in Lebron's house, that is ridiculous. Yes i like basketball by the way! Basketball cars cost the most money too.(Source 4) If you have seen limited edition sports cars, they cost up to 30,000! Who has the money for that kind of reckless spending. I can barely pay for my school lunch. I always asks my friends if they are done with what they are eating.

In conclusion, i would like to finish this essay with a great finale. I would like to end this writing now. This is where i finish off the essay with a splash. Now i will provide the resolution, or conclusion, to my essay. (Source: Brain) Here I will talk about why I am finishing the essay, and how i will finish the essay. First off: Shoutout to the Testing Company that picked m school. I got out of four of my classes today! I missed out on two tests that i have to make up before or after i celebrate Christmas! Thats awesome because now I have more work to do. Lasty, i would like to provide my conclusion. the end. (Source:Web)                                    