Imagine a world where everyone was set on the right path from the beginning . Well, that is not what the world is like, people can be led down a path of crimes and drugs because they asked the wrong person for help when they were confused, or they go with the first advice they get and don't realize that there was a better path. People should ask multiple people for advice because different people have different mindsets and different stories, some will lead you down a path of evil, and asking advice from multiple people can help people figure out their problem.

Different people have many different stories and minds. For instance, if you asked your grandfather, who served in the Vietnam war, their advice might be a story from when he served. He could talk about how he was scared but he knew that if he did this part he could help others lives. Then tell you that if you can help other people's lives get better then you would be a fool not to. His advice would be different from a wildlife photographer. Their advice would be about exploring the world and loving nature for everything it has given us. Advice depends on what type of person you ask.

People's advice can lead others off of the path of good and lead them astray onto the path of evil. Others actions and advice can warp underdeveloped minds into thinking the wrong way. If people the take on the wrong life style then they may not realize that what they are doing can ruin their life. If a someone asked advice from a friend and that friend is involved with shady people then that friend could give the wrong advice and ruin that person's life. If he asked a good friend that he had known since kindergarten then he may get some advice that would be beneficial to him. In one circumstance his life could have been ruined and in the other, where he asked multiple people, he would have good advice and is happy.

Asking for multiple pieces of advice can help you figure out your problem. If your problem is that you don't know what you want to do with your life. Some people don't really know how to help a child with that so they will say some sort of line that they got off of a pillow at a yard sale. Others will try to tell you that it will come naturally and there is a plan for everything. You start to get frustrated that everyone is saying advice that they would want to hear or they do not care about how they shape your future. You are looking for certain advice but you do not know what it is but you start to piece together all of the advice you have and get something meaningful out of everything.

People need many different pieces of advice to succeed because people have different stories, some will use their influence to ruin others,and sometimes no one has the advice your looking for so you piece together what advice you have. People should get multiple pieces of advice so they can succeed in life. If people were to go with the first piece of advice they got people would wind up at a dead end in their life and end up where they started.          