Being able to have your classes online is very benefical for your present and future. There is an ongoing debate on whether or not distance learning is benefical. Those who disagree state there will be a lower percentage of students present at school, teachers will have more work, and students have been required to come to school since schools have opened, why change it? I believe distance learning is very benefical to more than just the student.

Students will have less to worry about if they can't make it to school everyday. The attendance rates will go up because those who can't make it to school can still attend their classes online, leaving them with less stress. Makeup work for students will also be less of a problem, because they won't miss as much as they would if distance learning wasn't an option. This allows students to keep a stable grade while balancing school and other required responsibilities. More students will be able to stay caught up at school with distance learning offered.

Having distance learning also gives those who feel unconfortable being at school another option. If a student has a social disorder and doesn't strive in school due to their disorder, they now have the option to work where they feel comfortable through distance learning. This may also help improve their mental health by relieving stress. Those students who get bullied and dread coming school can avoid being bullied by having distance learning offered. This may make them more comfortable and help them focus on their school work, causing their grades to go up. Distance learning will be very benefical to those who are uncomfortable and can't do their best at school.

Distance learning could be very benefical and a great option for students. Those who disagree state: there will be a lower percentage of students present at school, teachers will have more work, and students have been required to come to school since schools have opened, why change it? I disagree because it can benefit many diffrent types of students in many ways. This is important because your future is based of the progress you make now.