Driverless cars could be great for people in the future, but it will definetly take a while. Having a driverless car has positive and negative aspects, but do you want to take the risk

Owning a driverless car could be extremly helpful. Driverless cars will still require a driver who is paying attention to the road at all times. These cars could helpful, of course you would still have to pay attention to the road but you could relax more and not be as stressed out as you would when you are driving. There are negatives to owning a driverless car such as you, a driver or passanger, may not be safe. Technology can always have a fault, what if one of these cars drove you into the other lane causing you to hit a car or you run off into a ditch. What happens when to cars hit eachother, who is at fault. The driver is at fault of course, the drivers need to be in control of the cars. I don't think that the driverless car is the greatest idea because of all the accidents that could occur because maybe the driver falls asleep and the car makes a mistake, what do you do then. I think we should just keep our cars the way they are, I would feel more safe on the road with the car's control in my hands.

When I saw the title of this story I thought driverless cars would be amazing but as I continued to read through it, I noticed how bad these cars could be for all of the people. These cars could mess up and get you killed or hurt because you aren't paying attention and you aren't being in full control. I feel like more underage kids would think it would be okay to driver these cars because they don't take as much effort and aren't as difficult to learn about. I also think that some parents would let them too because they think it would be easier, but they are wrong. Driving one of these cars is just as dangerous as driving any other car in the world. It could be dangerous if you make it dangerous.

In my opinion they should not invest in producing driverless cars, what they should do is invest in making cars run off of things like water, air, or from solar energy. That would be much more effective for earth, it would stop global warming becasue it is reducing all of the fumes that are released into the air. These cars will make people more lazy than they already are. We want to help everyone live, not just make the rich people in the world lazy. I understand that these cars take a lot of technology and they could help some people get places easier but technology could have faults, they could have messed up the coordinates for a place and it take you off into the middle of no where. This is just how I see the whole driverless car situation and I think we should put a stop to it.       