Schools that have the option to attend classes online or video conferencing, are more likely to improve students learning. Since 2009 schools started to provide this program to the community. Most of the families on the area thought this program was useless, but families from far distance thought this was a brilliant idea. This programs took place at Generic_School. There were around ninety-two students involve. The first year was a success, and so the second one.

After that the numbers of students started to decrease. Why there were less students involve to the program?. What can we do to fix this issue? Why people from the area thought this was useless?. Why people from far distance thought this was a brilliant idea?.

When this program for students to attend classes online or video conferencing took place at Generic_School on September 2, 2009. There were ninety-two students involve, all of them liked this program but only the 70% of them joined for the next year. The second year only sixty-five joined the classes online. The comments they left were; "It's nice to be home and take classes online, and its awesome to no worry about being late to class, but as a student i've love to share ideas, thoughts with other students". Since the third year of this program the number of students decrease to 10%. Since 2011 about twenty students joined the online program. The numbers decrease because students felt that being home all day was boring. No being able to share ideas with other students or get engage with them. Students thought they needed more activities and less standing in only one place.

There are some ways to get students interested again to the program. On the online classes there are choices before joining any class. Those choices are that if she/he is willing to go out and do projects with others students that are taking the same classes as them. They are able to chat with them and get information,and choose the day of the meeting. But if they don't want they could either do video chat with other students or just a voice chat. Other options could be that students will have the option to visit the school once a week or once a month. If this options works, for sure more and more students will be involve.

Many folks from the area in 2009 thought that this online classes were useless, because since it was opened for anyone less and less students will attend to school. Some of those families even came to talk to the principal and said " For many years our goal is to get students to attend to school, and with program out our goal will fail", as a respond. The principal said " For sure, we want as many students possible to attend school, but for some reasons not all them can make to school, and as a benefit and an opportunity for others to learn we decide to make this program". The principal made many reunions with parents that disagree with this idea. After a month must of them accepted and understood the goal of the program.

People from far distance thought this was a brilliant idea, because they will not have to travel long time of terms everyday to get to school. Money will be save, and a great and big opportunity for their kids to learn from home. Families from far distance came together and as a act of greatness, they made donation to the school for actives such as soccer, track or others. The school knew that they really made the families happy and that was their goal. Happiness and make everyone comfortable in their leaning.

Schools should always look out for those that don't have the opportunity to travel to school, or live far from schools. Those who travel or cant travel to school because of the distance they have between their home and school, now the opportunity to save money, prepare their self to a better feature. Online or video conferencing classes are a really a big way to start helping the community.

After that program and if it became a success, Generic_City should see what are other ways they can do to help the community and make their learning easier. So that many teenagers will success in life.