dear state senator,

As you know America is very different from other countries. We are known as the land of the free, but then why cant we the people choose our president? The electoral college takes that right away from us. Americans have the right to vote so why would we be ignored and have our vote discarded. Many people dont agree with the electoral college system becase it strips people of their say and opinion in politics theres also the possibility of what people call a  diastor factor. Despite it not being the best way to choose a president there are some pros to using the electoral college system, for instance run-off elections, where the amount of popular votes are too close or when "no candidate recieves a majority of votes cast" sited from source 3 but then again thats very rare.

The electoral college has someone voting in our places. A state representative cant say yes to all the canidates so why are they choosing for us we know who we want in office we as americans have a voice and a say in who is our leader. The amount of votes depends on how many people live in each state but "because each state casts only one vote,the single representative from wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, woud have as much say as the 55 representatives from california who represent 35 million voters" as sited from source 2 with all representives choosing the same canidate how can you expect them to reflect the will of the people?

Disastor factors are the best argument againt the electoral college "back in 1960 segragationists in the louisiana legislator nearly succeeded in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose john f kennedy (so that a popular vote for kennedy would not have actually gone to kennedy )" thers also the fact that "in the same vein and faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for whomever they please"as both sited from source 2 these disastor factors just prove how the electoral college can fail to choose a candidate fairly.

To summerize i would like to restate that the electoral college takes away americans freedom of choice,it also does not allow people to choose who they think would help benefit our country,and the chance of disastor factors it could brings into play.                                    