The Electoral College has been around for many years. It is not an actual college, or location. It is a process where American citizens select their electors, however proceeding that the electors make their votes for President and Vice President; Congress counts for electoral votes. But, the Electoral College is a very controversial process, many people are for it, but many are also against it. Some even wanting to get 'rid of the Electoral College overall. We should ban the Electoral College for it does not satisfy American people.

Electors in the Electoral College can vote for whomever they want, giving American people the wrong idea and vote for the wrong presidential candidate. In the article (source 2) "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" it states, "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? Sometimes." This quote from the article shows that not always can the American people be guaranteed who their electors vote for, and electors can give voters the wrong information and vote for the opposing candidate. This would be going against American people, dissatisfying them. In the article (source 3) by Richard A. Posner it states, "It can be argued that the Electoral College method turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state-- Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California." American people can be confused, infused with the wrong information by Electors, and vote for a candidate that has no interest in carrying their state.

Larger states get more attention than the smaller states due to their high number of electoral votes. In the article (source 3) by Richard A. Posner it says, "The popular vote was very close in Florida [in 2012]; nevertheless Obama, who won that vote, got 29 electoral votes. A victory by the same margin in Wyoming would net the winner only 3 electoral votes." Obama had won 29 electoral votes in Florida (high number) due to him making speeches and campaigns throughout the state. Paying his upmost attention to that state due to the high number of electoral votes he was trying to gain. Whereas in a smaller state such as Wyoming, he would not want to waste time paying much attention there where he can only gain 3 electoral votes! This is simply unfair and at most dissatisfying for the citizens who live in the smaller states with low electoral votes such as Hawaii, Alaska, Maine, Rhode Island, etc.

The Electoral College has been around for a long time, and in the end we DO receive a president in the end. But, imagine if this unfairness keeps going every four years an election happens. American people not being guaranteed their candidate, smaller states not getting as much campaign as the larger ones, etc. We do though, receive a president in the end. But what if it's a president that we do not want? That we were not fairly given? Just look at what happened with George Bush! There are many simple advantages to the Electoral College, but there are also many concerns that can outnumber.

The Electoral College should be gotten rid of because of how unfair it is to American citizens. If the issues with the Electoral College are not taken care of in the present, just imagine what our future elections will be like. Us American people need to take a stand against the Electoral College, and the process involved. Once a new popular process is created and introduced, it can provide us more justice and fairness than the Electoral College.             