Dear Principal,

I think that students should be able to use their cell phones during lunch periods and other free times, as long as they are turned off during class. Most students already do this so it should just be allowed at these certain times. Students would most likely like to have this time on their phones.

If you gave students this time on their phones then the students wouldn't use them in class or hide the fact they are using them during their free time without teachers being around them. Just think about how many students do this and would like to have time instead of not paying attention in class or hiding that they are using their phones. It is only lunch and free time, which there is no class time going on. If the thing to worry about is the ringers and sound, the phones should be put on vibrate or silent during these times. I think that students can follow this rule.

Teachers at the school probably also use their phones during class and in their free time. If the teachers are using their phones during class then students should at least be able to use their phones during lunch and free time. This is not as bad as most teachers using them at school, during classes. If the students don't follow the rules with the ringers or they get caught having their phone out during class then it can just get taken for that day.

You can make rules with them like I said before, the ringers shouldn't be on, no music can be played, and don't use them during class time only in free time. those are good rules and easy to follow, but there can be consequences if you don't follow these rules. Some consequences can be phone taken away if you hear the ringer, detention if used during class time instead of the time you were allowed and there can be many other possibilities for consequences.

I really hope that you consider the idea of letting students use there phones during free time and lunch periods. The students would love this idea and the rules are easy to follow and everyone would follow them just because you gave them time to use phones. If not they will know what the consequences are, it's that simple. Thank you for having the time to read my opinion on phone use during school.

Thank You,

STUDENT_NAME