The use of technology is becoming more and more common. Everyday people find new ways to complete daily activities. One way people choose a different route of completing tasks is with allowing students to attend online school from home. Online school allows the student to complete their work from the comfort of their home. Many people often question if online school is the best way to complete school work. Attending online school will be beneficial for the students because going to school has a various amount opportunities for distractions to occur, online school allows students to be in their own comfort zone,and it offers a chance of a new learning environment. Online school offers a new way of achieving school work. Some people will argue that online school will be easier and the student will not be completing the same tasks as the students in the classroom. The only difference with online school is that instead of being physically in the school and doing the work. The student is at home completing the tasks instead. Online school should be offered for students who might want a change.

School is a place where there should be no distractions and where students can put all their focus into the lesson being taught. However, many schools across the country are the source of a hectic environment. Fights and drama between students cause a disturbance to the learning environment. People come to school to learn and understand new information. It will be difficult to focus on the teacher when surrounding classmates are causing others to lose concentration. When the students have their attention on someone else they're missing the lesson that is occurring. The student is directing their energy on something different and will not be able to complete the school work. Online school will limit the number of distractions the student will experience and allow the student to focus. For example, last year a student had ADHD a couldn't focus enough to complete the school work. The students grades sky rocketed down and couldn't go back up. Eventually it was decided to try online school at home and their was improvements made in the students overall school work. The student doing online school limited the number of distractions the student faced and was able to get the work done on time.

Another reason why online school at home is beneficial is because students will do their best in their own comfort zone. When attending school it is critical that everyone feels safe. Student feel comfortable in their learning environment. Many students today suffer with anxiety and feel anxious when around a group of people. This will effect the student overall work. The student will not put all their energy towards the work if they are thinking about other things. For instance, experiencing a trauma will effect the daily life of student and what they feel comfortable with. Students experiencing school shooting and becoming more and more common. In result, students often suffer from post traumatic stress disorder. For some students physically going back to school is too overwhelming for them and choose to do online school. Allowing the student to do online school allows them to still complete the school year without physically being in a classroom.

Finally, online school offers new learning opportunities. Many student refer to school as uninteresting and get accustomed to doing the same routine over again. Offering online school as a choice provides a new learning environment. Students will receive a different way of completing things and become intrigued. Things become uninteresting as people continuing to do thing over and over again. Students start going to school as early as 5 years old and for some students completing the same routine becomes uninteresting and they lose focus for the school day. When the student tries online school they are experience something new and they will get engaged and improve. Changing tasks will get the brain thinking and the creative juices flowing. For example, a teacher said that she was having trouble with a student and that he was a disruption to the class. The parents and the teacher both decided that online school would be better for him. Gradually the teacher saw a difference in the students' work overtime and the behavior also improved. Allowing the student to complete online school helped the student academically. It is important to try new things and try to do things differently in order to help others.

Online school is a new way of learning the curriculum taught in school. It offers the student an opportunity to change the way they can comprehend lesson. It allows the student to be able to understand which way they learn the best and use that information in the future. When people know the way that they learn the best it can help them in the future when applying for college and help them decide if they should sign up for online courses or not. Online school is a great opportunity for others to know what they do like and what they don't like. It allows people to try new things and do things differently for a change. Students do not think the same, therefore they don't learn the same. Some students might thrive in online school,while others will do better in attending class at the school. It's all about the preference of the student and how they comprehend subjects the best.        