Do you remember your last summer project? Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break. Summer projects should be teacher designed because they can choose challenging topics, make the project teach new material, and can grade the projects on their own rubric.

Student designed projects could be great since they can make how difficult it is for them, but this is not a good idea. A teacher designed summer project is the way to go because the teachers can choose how challenging the projects are for their students. For example, students would try to make their projects very easy for them to complete so that they could do less work, but this would not allow them to learn very much. Teachers would make sure that the topic encourages the student to push themselves and use what they have learned through out the school year to complete it. This way the students would not forget the material they have learned the past year and go into the next school year fresh and ready to go.

Secondly, Teacher designed summer projects would be better because they can make the project teach new material. For instance, a math project could show the students how to use a new formula that will be needed for their next grade. In addition to using topics that they already know so that they won't be forgotten, the project could incorporate a new concept. In doing so, students could learn and use these new topics to help them smoothly transition into the new year.

Finally, the last reason why summer projects should be teacher designed is because they can grade them on their own rubric. For example, if students create their own summer projects then it would be a bit more complicated to grade their projects. if the teacher creates the project, then they can make sure that it meets certain criteria that would be needed.

In conlusion, Teacher designed summer projects would be far better than student designed summer projects because they can choose challenging topics, make the project teach new material, and can grade the projects on their own rubric. To whom it may concern, I strongly suggest that summer projects be, and stay, teacher designed. 