Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. It would really benefit the students, who are not socialize and have problems contacting with other students or teachers. It would help the students who had a bad experience at school. Students who are in their comfort zone will likely be able to focused and not have any distraction. Some may argue that student should not attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students that are at home will most likely be distracted, and will not finish their agenda. Some students will have a hard time teaching their selves. Also it would not give the students, the chance of experiencing what it is like in school.

It would really benefit the students, who are not socialize and have problems contacting with other students or teachers. Every students grew up differently, and also some other students have had a bad childhood experienced and it reflected on how they act in their current life, by giving them a chance to study where they are comfortable at would give them a chance to show what they can really do, because not many students have that many option or chances to show their full potential. They can not do that by having to stay in school, and force them selves to socialize to other students or teachers it would all just be a distraction.

Also, it would help the students who had a bad experienced at school. Students who experienced getting bullied at school can caused them to stop going or the will to study and be successful in life. Bullying even nowadays still have so much impact on why some schools are really not on their high standards. And it showed that students are highly affected by it. It showed that it is a nightmare to some students, but now having the online classes will pull them away from that and really focused on their studies.

Furthermore, students who are in their comfort zone, will likely be able to focused and not have any distraction. By having that comfortless and being in your zone of learning, will highly benefit you to show your potential. Being in the right environment also help students focused. Students who is really serious about being successful and have that high standards are more likely to be successful. Family can also motivate them, to keep on pushing even though it might be hard for them but having your family by your side can really motivate you to keep on pushing.

Therefore, i really believed that, students should really have the option to take online classes or video conferencing. by just having that it would benefit lots of student, who are having problems being socialize to other students or teachers. it would help the students who had a bad experience in school. And it also would benefit the students who are in their comfort zone, and being able to focused and having that chance would increase the chances of more students will be successful.