Summer is a time for students to relax with the little time that they have off from school. Some people think that kids do nothing over the summer, and they forget everything. Which is not beneficial for when they come back to school. Even teachers having the authority to assign summer projects is not okay in my opinion. If their has to be projects done over the summer it would be better for them to be student-designed.

The whole point of a "summer break" is to not have to do any work, we finally have time during the week to do other things then go to school. By not doing work over the summer you are not forgetting everything you learned because some of the stuff we actually use in out everyday lives. And even if we don't, we still wouldn't forget we would just need a little refresher on some topics. Which is what most schools do anyways when the kids get back. And even if we did the project at the beginning of the summer, most students wouldn't remember what the project was on. If the teachers were given the authority to assign the summer projects most kids would not do it. Some would forget, or simply just not want to because it is summer break. Kids are traveling and don't always have the time to be focusing on school. Even if parents were contacted about this workload, I believe that students will take it upon themselves to not to it at all. If there was an option to do summer work or not I feel that, the students that want to do better will do that work. Maybe having a prize, extra credit, an automatic test exemption, or something would influence students to pick their choice wisely.

A student-designed project would be the best option out of those two things. Because as students we don't like to feel restricted on what we can and can't do with all of the guidelines. Student-designed projects could benefit each person and make every student feel more comfortable with what they are doing These projects would be a great thing to start off the school year with because they could be about their summer break and what they did. And instead of the ice breaker games that everyone in each class has to do, they could simply just share their project that they decided to do over the break. This option would also be a huge stress reliever on the teachers workload, with deciding what each person has to do.

Some people would say otherwise. That the kids need projects to keep them on target for the year. Or to already be practicing for their classes for next year. That it can only benefit us in our life. Parents could say that they will make time for their children work and remind them of what they have to do for school even on the break. Also that teachers guidelines would restrict the work to something appropriate, or meaningful to school.

In the end I feel that it is all up to the students and what they want to work on. Because as highschoolers self accountability is a real thing. The school already provides summer school and sol remediation over the summer for free that you can sign up for. So if a student is worried about their grades in a class or wants to get ahead they already can through those programs. Or even taking classes outside of the school with tutors. These projects could be a really good and efficient thing or a stressful unmotiving thing. And that would be all up to the school and administrators.