Driverless cars are coming and are here to stay. There are many doubts about these cars as Dr. Werner Huber has expresssed ,"Why would anyone want a driveless car that still needs a driver?" That is very, very good question , but people fail to realize the benefits that driverless cars bring.

Texting and driving has caused many deaths, but that could all be diminished. The driverless car can be taken over by a human whenever it is needed , such as: when going through work zones or moving around accidents. The drivelesss car is able to be turned off and on-on demand . The built in car system feature could safe many lifes. If a driver chooses to use a smartphone on the road , the driverless car could take over. Driving a driverless car means safety , and safe is better than reckless.

Driverlesss cars have driven by themselves with more than half a million miles without a crash. These cars have the best technology within them. Radar sensors, GPS recievers, internal motion sensors, the list goes on and on . All these special features are helpful and allowthe car to actually mimic the skill of a human driver. Speed sensors are yet to fail on not detecting and responding to the danger of out-of-control skids and rollovers. Many more improvenments for this car are coming and will allow them to handle harder tasks on their own.

The technology needed for this ambitious car is present. The founder of the Google Car projects believes that technology has finally pulled through to catch this dream of driverless driving. In fact in 2013, BMV announced the innovation, " Traffic Jam Assistant." This innovation alerts the driver when his assistance is needed.

Work is still being done to perfect the driverless cars, even though some states such as : California, Neveda, Florida, and the District of Columbia have made it illegal to even test computer-driven cars. Driveless cars have various accomadations that can't be obtained by humans. Their sensors allow a better response and control than a human driver when using breaks. It is easy to tell driveless cars will give alot back to society. Even, Sergey Brin, Google cofounder, stated that he believes such cars would fundametally change the world.