There were things in life that we didn't think we were going to enjoy, but after the influence of others opinions we tried it and loved it. Everybody has different perspective on things, sometimes hearing things from others can be helpful to make difficult decisions. When students,teachers,or even adults don't know what to do or they don't understand something, they ask for others advice because they need help. Everybody needs advice even if it hurts, sometimes hearing it from multiple people can be easier. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can keep you from making wrong decisions, it can help lead you to a road of success, and the variety of people that we know today wouldn't be were they are today without others opinions or advice.

In life people are always going to make bad decisions including you, there are definitely times when everyone looks back and says " I am so glad I didn't do this because my friends or my family members told me it would hurt me later on in life". Sometimes people wish they could go back and listen to their friends or their parents who told them not to do something because it would effect them and they would have to live with it for the rest of their lives.

Your friends and family are here for you, the advice they give to you it's not to just lecture you ,but to help you because they care. Hearing multiple opinions or advice from others are helpful because listening to different things makes you better as a person. life is never going to be easy it's baffling and complex, you are never going to make it in life if you don't seek help from others.

Have you ever heard the saying if first you dont succeed try try again?. When you want to give up your friends and family are the first to tell you " you can do this" or "dont give up" because they want the best for you. I'm not going to lie at first usually when one person gives me advice telling me why I shouldn't give up I don't want to listen but when multiple people state their opinions or their giving me dive I start to listen because a variety of people are telling me I can do it. And when I try again I am successful, many people tend to be more successful when they are getting words of encouragement. Hearing a lot of positive advice puts you in a positive mindset, therefore giving a positive outcome.

Many actors,singers,NFL players, and so much more are who they are today because of advice their parents,friends,teammates,etc. gave them when they were a child or even now. Their were people who voiced their opinion who weren't so kind and made that person even stronger as a person because they wanted to prove that they can . Many basketball players weren't always as good as they are or were now,like Kobe Bryant. Kobe is a legend and will always live in peoples heart, including his daughter but Kobe wasn't always good when he was a child, so he took everybody's opinions and advice on the court and became one of the most best players in history.

His success is an inspiration to many people, Kobe gave a lot of advice to others. People are always going to be negative and voice their own opinions but its your job to take the ones that will make you better as a person.

Many people will voice there opinions, listen to the good ones negativity will always be in this world. Your friends and family are here for you, they give you advice because they care. Hearing a lot of positive advice gives you a positive mindset and we need it a lot right now in this type of world. Many people that we know today are were they are now because of the advice the received. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it can keep you from making wrong decisions, it can help lead you to a road of success, and the variety of people that we know today wouldn't be were they are today without others opinions or advice.