Space exploration is one of the most difficult and dangerous yet rewarding activities humans can pursue. With difficult conditions living in space, studying planets can take a toll on all sorts of people. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", an unknown author brings up the idea that exploring Venus presents many difficulties and dangers, but is rewarding enough to execute.

The author begins his essay by providing background on the planet, letting the audience know that Venus is the second planet from the sun and is difficult for humans to explore. In the second and third paragraphs, the author explores many difficulties surrounding the thought of studying Venus. First, he claims, no spaceships have landed on Venus in recent years. This allows readers to understand that compared to Mars, another planet close to Earth that humans are trying to settle on, studying Venus will be a challenge. The author continues by explaining the ridiculous temperatures and atmospheric conditions of Venus, claiming a sweltering 800 degrees Fahrenheit with a pressure that is 90 times greater than the pressure on Earth ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus").. This alone causes the readers to double back, letting the audience know the dangers that come with even stepping foot on Venus. Furthermore, according to the author, Venus is well known for its frequent natural disasters, like earthquakes, volcanoes, and lightning strikes ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). Not only do unbelievable conditions exist at the surface itself, these sweltering temperatures also exist far above the planet. According to the author, temperatures would still be 170 degrees Fahrenheit even 30 miles above the surface, much hotter than the temperature 30 miles above the surface of Earth ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). The author later explains in the fifth paragraph that while exploring Venus would be tough, it would be possible. Knowing this information, the author convinces his audience that exploring Venus is a difficult task to accomplish.

However, despite all of these challenges the come with exploring Venus, the author still claims that learning more about the second planet in the solar system has its own benefits. In the fourth paragraph, the unknown author explains that Venus has many similar features with Earth. He claims that many astronomers are "fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). He provides similarities such as the similar ecosystems Venus may have supported and implies that Venus may have had a biodiverse world. The author communicated to the audience that even today Venus has many features that are similar to Earth, stating, "Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). The author uses his facts and evidence to explain that life forms may have existed on Venus long ago. While the author does not explicitly state it, he is implying that studying Venus may help scientists learn how people from today's world can reside on Earth's "twin". This relates to current news with scientists and researchers learning how to develop and maintain life forms on another one of Earth's neighboring planets, Mars. As Venus has had many similar characteristics with Earth, the audience may realize that in the near future, the human population may grow to a number where it is necessary to settle on different planets. The unknown author uses evidence to explain that studying the atmosphere, solar power, and radiation levels of Venus would be important to support life on it.

In the last two paragraphs, the author explains a method that is currently being worked on by NASA, or The National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the development of silicon carbide, which is a material that can withstand the conditions on Venus for a few weeks. Essentially, the author is explaining that exploring and studying Venus may be possible in the near future, allowing mankind to settle and develop on it.

In summary, the exploration of Venus may be one of the most difficult tasks mankind has yet to accomplish, but may also be one of the most rewarding. The sweltering temperatures even 30 miles above the surface of Venus and the astonishing atmospheric pressures on Venus causes a hesitation for space explorers in the exploration of Mars. Frequent natural disasters on the surface of Venus make it even harder for people to study the surface of Venus. However, beyond these dangers and difficulties, the author manages to prove to his audience that exploring Venus may be one of the best choices that man can make, potentially allowing the development of humans on another planet. But ultimately, it is up to The National Aeronautics and Space Administration to further develop silicon carbide technology so that mankind will be able to explore Venus and possibly, even inhabit it.