If we had a facial action coding system in every classroom, Would the students have a higher chance of suceeding? Would they get more or less help? Would this gather more attention in class? I would think so. I mostly agree with having a facial Action Coding system in classrooms to tell how the students are feeling. I disagree with some aswell. If the teachers could tell exactly how each student is feeling in class, like bored or confused, I think that they would provide more help to those students, and there will be a higher percentage of people who pass there clases. In the passage making Mona Lisa Smile, they used the technology on the painting of Mona Lisa. I think that if they used it on the students, they would be more engaged and ready to learn.

I think that the students would find more things being taught to them in class interesting. In the passage it has an example that I think would be good for the use of this software to be in schools. "For example, if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different.""A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." If this were to happen, I know that I would do a lot better. I feel that many other students would do better too. When we get an ad that we like, and similar ads pop up, usually they are watched. If we were in class and we felt happy, or not happy with what we are learning, The teaching style or lesson might change to something that will keep more students engaged. But I feel like their are other things that aren't so good about the software.

If the softwared was installed in every class and you walked in feeling very upset for something that maybe happened outside of class or school, you will most likely feel that way the whole time during that class. The machine might pick that up as if you are not being interested in the topic. You wouldn't get anywhere. Now if you tell the teacher that you aren't happy for whatever reason, thats a different story. But, if you're shy and you don't tell people how you feel especially if something happened to make you feel sad, angry, etc... I don't think the machine would help to much in terms of education. But if you are more engaged in learning because of the software, I think their will be a way higher chance for more people to graduate.

If you are engaged, interested, or into whatever you're learning, You will most likely be paying attention and taking in the information. If you were in class, and the software picks up that you understand whats being taught, more people would focus in that class. If this happens, more people would pass tests, exams, and graduate. After you graduate, you will have learned all the education that you needed to learn to go to college. Sence more people have the education, more people would go to college.

If we had the facial action coding system software in classrooms I think that more people would have a higher chance of succeeding, getting help, paying attention, passing tests and exams. I also think that more people will go to college. I think that more people would pay attention, be interested in what they're learning, and I think it would be easier to more students. If the software were to mess up, I think that the teachers would have more problems to deal with like getting it fixed, or just simply teach without it. If their are no problems with it, I think that this would be a very helpful tool for teachers and students.