Why the Facial Action Coding System Can Help the Young Schlolars of Today

The Facial Action Coding System is a new software from Prof. Thomas Huang and Prof. Nicu Sebe that can recognize human emotions. This invention was tested on Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa portrait. According to the software, Ms Mona Lisa is 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. While the Facial Action Coding Systemmay seem like a high-tech toy, it could have some really important affects to help our schools. Having Prof. Huang's emotion detectors in classrooms would benefit the learning and success rates of students around the world.

The Facial Action Coding System could detect boredom in the classoom. When kids are bored in a classroom, they tend to tune out whatever lesson is being taught and then struggle to try to figure it out later. Boredom has a devastating consequences on today's students such as low test scores and poor grades. Prof. Huang predicts the Facial Action Coding System will help with this issue, saying "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Teachers being able to see how their students are feeling would give them more insight to create lesson plans to engage all students and bring up test grades and overall GPA rates.

The Facial Action Coding System isnt only useful in grade school through high school, it would also be beneficial in colleges and post-degree programs. The emotion detector would be very useful in the law enforcement schooling and in Med School. In the law enforcement, professiosnals are often called to do interrogations and questionings of suspects and witnesses. The Facial Action Coding System could work hand in hand with lie detectors to make sure interrogators could get the full truth out of suspects. This would also help in their schooling by training future cops to be able to read key facal expressions for different feelings. According to Prof. Huang, "Most human communication is nonverbal,including emotional communication", making this resourse vital for cop trainees to fully understand how to properly get information out of suspects. In Med School, this softare could immensly help future surgeons in their practice. Prof. Huang said, "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive-for video games or video surgery." This could teach our future surgeons the different muscles of the face for possible surgical procegures and teach them how to read their patients emotions. Having this knowledge could help doctors find out how uncomfortable patients are pain wise and even how to properly help patients. Doctors need to have good communication skills to make sure their patients is proprly cared for and having the Facial Action Codng System in Med School would greatly help surgeons in their training.

The success rates of students would increase with Prof. Huang's emotion detector in classrooms around the world. The Facial Action Coding System is vital resource of the future. It has immense potential to better the schooling of the future generation and has great potential for the advancement of the professional fields of work.   