Driving and cell phones are like water and oil they do not mix. The generations of today does not understand that when it comes to texting while driving, it is a highly dangerous thing that turns into a horrible habit. Yet it still persists to be a problem. They do not see the danger, the risk of punishment, and the effect it can have on their normal lives.

Many cannot see the consequences driving and texting can bring to their lives and the life changing effects if others are affected.

First of all, the dangers of this habit is that people have started to make are hugely deadly to everyone who participates in it. Texting while driving has an equal to more deadly affect on you as drinking and driving. The main reason is that it is a distraction, when a person checks their phone or device they take their eyes off the road.

This can cause massive accidents and deaths across the entirety of the united states. Our new generation is at greater risk, most times it is within the youth that is the age of twenty and below causing car insurance to become more expensive for the youth.

Secondly, if a person is caught they are subjected to a ticket, first offense for 50 dollars and second offense 100 dollars including points on their drivers licenses depending on the state.

A person can not get jail time for texting and driving, but can be sent to jail if texting while driving is what caused an individual to crash and kill a person. Most times however people will sue for the damages caused to them and their personal vehicle. These are the possible ways that people can get in trouble for texting and driving.

Lastly, the effect it can have on a person's life can be very drastic. As I mentioned with the ticket one can receive it will most times raise the prices of the insurance provider that the person may have and cause an increase in price. Another effect that it can have on a person's life is jail time, which on its own is bad as it takes away some rights like the inability to vote, own a firearm, or sometimes get a job. Due to one decision, it can change a person's life forever, especially if their actions take away a life. That is some examples of major ways this can affect a person's life.

Thus I end with the evident conclusion that the entirety of the texting while driving problem is exactly as I stated a problem that must be dealt with. The portable devices and dangerous habits need to end on account that it kills thousands on the roads every year. With the laws and regulations in place along with the law enforcement watching this problem should clean itself out. The problems of the danger involved, the risk of punishment and impact on regular life should make all people reconsider before picking up the phone while on the open road.   