Have you ever wondered "what if making students do at least one extracurricular could help them improve in school"? I know many people who have thought about that and truth be told, they are right. I agree with the principle that students should have to do at least one extracurricular activity. Doing this can help students do better in school, get better at playing any sports that they are interested in, and can help relive students who are stressed out from school or home.

do have a students who is struggling in school due to lack of knowledge and understatement? Staying after school for an educational extracurricular can and will help students do better in school. I have taken a language and struggled to understand and comprehend it, but at my school they provide us with after school clubs that are also extracurricular's. So one day I decided to stay after for a french extracurricular that I ended up really enjoying, so I started to go every day that it was offered, I started realized how much of an impact it made on my grade I went from having a C to an A. This is one of the many impacts an educational extracurricular activity can have of your students.

Have you ever been really interested in a sport but not knowing how to play it?

If you think about it, Labron James was not always as amazing of a basketball player as he is now. The reason he is so good is because of how much time, effort and motivation he put into his practices. Staying after for a sport can put you on your path to being able to succeed to doing well at the sport. That is why it is so important to have after school sport extracurricular activities to help students who have a dream of playing the sport professionally accomplish it.

Students who feel more stressed out from school or home are less likely to do as well in school as others. Students who have parents who make them do homework as soon as they get home without a break feel more stressed, and probably wont put in as much effort as they would is they got a break. At my school they provide us with after school downtime clubs to help students relive their mind. It also helps students get the break that is needed form a hard working day at school, and students are more likely to have better grade outcomes.

This is why is it good for students to be required to do at least on extracurricular activity after school. They will help students do better in school, help students who are interested in playing any sports get better, and will help students who are stressed from school feel more relived. So next time you doubt what amazing powers of extracurricular activities remember how much of great of an effect it can have on students.     