The new technology created by Dr. Eckman is called the Facial Action Coding System. This is a fantastic device that can detect your exact emotions by creating a 3-D model of your face and analyze your muscle movements in your face to produce your emotions. This would be extremely useful in a classroom because the computer would show the teacher what the students are feeling and if the computer needs to change what is being discussed or not.

In a classroom, there are always a variety of expressions, mad, happy, upset, confused etc. Everyone is thinking something different about what they are learning. The text states that by using the Facial Action Coding System the teacher of the class could reference their "computer and be able to know if they need to explain the material more clearly, discuss something more interesting, or continue with what is being taught at the moment." This would allow the students to be more satifised with their school work and make them enjoy the material they are learning and comprehend it well.

On the other hand, sometimes people want their emotions to be private and do not want other people to know what they are thinking. The Facial Action Coding System is not something you have to have as a teacher. It is not required among the population, it is simply something you would want to have in a classroom. If the majority of the students want their emotions to be read for teaching purposes than the classroom should have the technology. If the majority does not want the device, they do not have to have it in the classroom and can go through their school days as usual. But, with this computer device all of the students would end up being satisfied because they are being taught what interests them and they would enjoy it.

Having the Facial Action Coding System in the classroom would detect the "nonverbal communication" throughout the classroom. It would process what the students opinion is on the discussion and turn it into their overall emotion. "The Facial Action Coding System can physically change the lesson into something the students are interested in discussing." The students would be more interested in the topic also causing them to be more involved and comprehend the material better. If the students understand the material well they will perform better on tests in the future which is good feedback towards teachers and Dr. Eckman for creating this valuable device for the world.