It is a proven fact that

80% of kids play a sport in school so that mean that if the school adds one more extracurricular it can lead to many thing. Have you ever played on a sports teams? There is baseball, basketball, football and others but if you have you know that there is practices Monday through Friday and sometimes even on the weekends. But yo know once you get int the season and start playing games it can be stressful and kids are already stressed about school and tests. Do you really think it would be a good idea to add another thing on a kids list that they have to do?

Have you ever though of how much stress a kid has on them for just going to school for day much less activities after class? It is a scientific fact that 90% of students over think almost everything or come home so stressed they can't think straight where they cannot do there homework or projects. Just imagine what they would be like if they had one more thing to go to and worry about and even more work they would have to put in for one extra activity. As a kid did you enjoy going to school and getting homework and then going to your activities and your coaches or teachers give you drills or assignments that you have to complete to get a good grade on or do good in that sport did you every get so stressed from all the work you wanted to give up, how would you feel as a kid if you had one more thing to go to and even more work to add to the things you already how to do would you give up because of how stressed you was?

However, if you was on a sports team and you had homework that you didn't to do because of your game that you had and you had a late night did your grades start to drop? If you said yes what do think it would be like if you had to work on yearbooks or you worked with conceals how much do you think grades would drop then?

I see how it could be good to put kids in new programs but you also have to look and see what could happen like kids being late to class or kids coming to school late because of how late they home or kids falling asleep in class or kids grades dropping. There is so many defects to this where all the positive things don't really matter cause of all the negative things.

Sometimes when kids play on sport teams and they have practices and it could be the same time or close to the same time as the other events and coaches don't like when kids miss the actives and neither do teacher so the kid would get stressed cause he would get in trouble by either one. If kids have practice and then go to a yearbook club or help the consular they would not be getting home in time to get the amount of sleep they need.

In conclusion i disagree because there is so many more negative things than positive. It will cause more stress on students and parents and kids grades could drop and kids would not enjoy being a kid if there was one more extracurricular. So ask yourself how would you feel if you had to be in one more club and ask yourself would you get stressed and and would you wanna give up?        