Have you ever wondered why people seek for other peoples opinions, well this paper will explain the reason behind it. This paper will also go through the logic behind it and three reasons people do it so often. The reason people look for other's opinions is because it gives people a new perspective, allows them to compare choices and gives them a good idea of what the choice or answer is.

The first and most common reason people seek other people's opinions is they just want a new perspective. There is a lot of people who want a new perspective because they want somthing fresh or they want to understand the other side. Most people have learned that "Asumption is the mother of all failures." and for that reason people seek other peoples opinions so they make the best choice with the info they have. Because if you do not know the reasons or do not understand the other side or answer, it can lead you down a path of failure or leave you with the wrong answer. This is why people seek for a new perspective/opinion.

The next reason people seek out other's opinions is they want something to compare their answer or another answer to. Comparing answers and opinions can give you insight on a topic or idea and give you a sence of whats wrong and whats right. Because say you have one opinion/answer and compare them, you can see what matches the other in both answers and from that can decide what is the best choice. Most people like to list the pros and cons out and compare and do stuff like that and it does help and it easy to do. This is why people seek for opinions to compare.

The final reason is just to have a better understaning and a good idea of what is right. Because most people seek for those opinions on the though of getting a better understanding or just understanding it in the first place. Because if they understand a topic better their more likely to pick a better choice or answer on that topic. What was stated in the first paragragh also comes in here, people always are looking fo a new way to look at things and look at things from multiple angles. Looking at thing fron different ways and perspectives can give you and idea of the right choice or just straight out tell you.

In conclusion, getting new perspectives, comparing opinions and getting good idea of whats right. These are the reasons people seek out other opinions and answers, but these are just some of them. So when you don't know the right choice or answer, it never bad to ask someone.