Cell Phones While Driving?

Iphones, Galaxies, Google Pixel, etc. are all major cell phone models that people spend hundreds of dollars on to get the latest release. The cell phone is no longer a "want" but instead a necessity to everyday life. Children are introduced to phones at a very young age as a distraction, teens use it for social media and to stay up to date with the latest trends, adults use it for work and communication. However there's a problem, we just don't know how to put it down. While eating, while in class or at work, while you are doing anything a phone is in your possession. Unfortunately, we cannot even put phones down while operating a vehicle. Using a cellphone while driving has become a harmful habit to many and has had a negative impact on society. The usage of cell phones while driving should not be allowed because it causes accidents and deaths of others, makes you less aware of your surroundings, and it gets you pulled over.

Seeing a car crash on the daily news due to a distracted driver is as common as seeing the weather man explain the upcoming forecast. Seems to have its own segment during the news broadcast. Cell phone usage while driving increases your chances of getting in an accident by four times. All it takes is a simple touch of the home button, answering a text, just the glance to your lap when it vibrates can cause you to run your car against another, potentially taking yours and others lives with you.

According to the National Safety Council, using a cellphone while driving caused about 1.5 million car accidents in the United States. Not only that, U.S. Department of Transportation reports that this act kills about 3,000 to 6,000 people every year. Some of those are innocent people who have a family waiting for them at home, but unfortunately an irresponsible driver just had to answer a text message.

People cannot understand that using your cellphones while driving not only impacts them but everyone else on the road. It has come to the point where Georgia has adopted a new law to make cell phone use out of your hands literally. The law makes it illegal to have a cellphone in your hand, hence the name hands-free. However the number of people still using their phones is pretty high. According to an article by AJC titled, "Georgia's distracted driving law turns 1: Has anything changed?" The State Patrol gave 22,327 distracted driving citations from July 1- May 31. It is still pretty soon to tell if the law has been a complete success but in its first year the number of fatalities in Georgia has dropped 2.2%. Just proving if people leave their phone alone while driving it would save the lives of all people in a car.

On the other hand, many people believe that their phones are needed while they drive. They could come to great use in some occasions like using it for GPS or calling for an emergency. Thus making the point to keep cell phones, but this does not eliminate the consequences the phones causes. There are more consequences towards using your phone while driving than there are benefits. Car crashes and accidents tend to happen more often when there is a phone involved, even if you are using it to find your way around.

Although there might be a few benefits to using your phone while conducting a vehicle, they should not be allowed while driving. Cell phones can have a detrimental effect on someone if they are used when in the driver's seat. The usage of a phone while driving can lead to accidents, citations, and the end of someone's life.

Tellez 2            