An issue that many students have had for a long time in regards to attending classes at school is that it does not leave much time for other extracurricular activities or jobs. When you are working a part-time job, playing one or multiple sports, and attending school full time, these can place a heavy burden on an individual. Even if you are sick and miss only one or two days of school, you will have to make up several assignments in a very short period of time, which can put tremendous amounts of stress on students. There have been many proposed ideas that have attempted to solve this problem, and one of those ideas is having online classes. I believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it allows students who are sick to not miss any assignments or content, it lets students who have multiple outside activities to have time to complete those activities, and it allows students to learn in a more quiet and stress-free environment without disturbances from other students.

Students who are sick are often advised not to come to school, and most students follow this advice. However, the downside to this is that students will often miss a full day of content they did not get to learn, or assignments that they did not get to complete. When a student returns to school, they will most likely not have a chance to learn the content they missed and as a result, these consequences can have negative effects on a student's grades. With online classes, a student can learn all the content that is being taught that day at home, which allows students to return to school being caught up with the rest of their class. For example, if a student was sick and missed calculus and English class, they could use their home or school computer to watch a live stream of the classes, or a previously recorded video which their teacher can assign to them that covers all the content the student needs to know. This system would benefit the student and it is a great reason why students should be able to attend classes from home.

The next reason as to why students should attend classes from home is that it allows students with jobs or other extracurricular activities such as sports, to work at their own pace. If a student is playing football, working a part-time job, and attending school, it makes it hard for them to balance all three of these activities. Having online classes allows these students to work at a faster pace and complete their assignments quicker, leaving more time for other activities such as work and sports. Because of this, students are no longer under pressure to find a way to balance out multiple activities at once and therefore, can be much more productive in terms of playing sports and working a part-time job, while also being able to attend classes without being slowed down by the pace of the rest of the class.

The third reason as to why having online classes is beneficial is that students can have the opportunity to learn in a stress-free and more quiet environment in their home, rather than a large classroom with twenty or more students. Being in a classroom with so many other students will more than likely cause disruptions that can affect a student's ability to learn what is being taught and as a result, negatively impact a student's grades. Online classes can easily resolve this problem by letting students learn within the comfort of their own home. This is especially beneficial for students who work best without distractions or interruptions. Another benefit of online classes is if a student is watching a previously recorded video of a lesson, the student can simply rewind the video to review any content they may have misunderstood. This is much better than asking a teacher to go back to a certain part of the lesson in an actual classroom, because it may be holding up other students who want to move forward. Also, students can also work at their own pace without the distractions of a normal classroom. Therefore, online classes can help students overcome challenges that students may experience at school.

Using all of the aforementioned reasons, it is clear to see why students would benefit from being able to attend online conferences or live streams of classes at home rather than school. The benefits outweigh the costs with online classes, with the only real negative factor of online classes being the lack of social interaction with friends that students may only see at school. However, there are many more positives than negatives in regards to online classes, and I firmly believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.