When students are out of school for summer break, teachers have already created their curriculum to teach for the next school year. To prepare the students for next year, they could issue out a project over the summer for the student to complete; but over the summer, students could easily forget what they have to do and that could result in a failing project grade to start the school year. Now there is many factors into the student not completing the project, such as, not understanding the material, being occupied in other activities, and simply just forgetting what to do. how could a student solve that issue though? The teacher knows what could help the student next year, but this could possibly not even be on the students mind. This could be a new course that the student has not dealt with so how would you possibly go about it? Perhaps a different path could be taken and students could choose or design their own summer project for the summer. it could unlock the student's creativity if they choose how to work on it, also teachers can simply use this method to evaluate what the student is capable of so they know specifically what to target in the upcoming school year, making the teacher's workload easier. An additional benefit if the student is designing the project is that it could be more time friendly to them in their busy summer. Not every kid is genuinely busy and they have three months to complete one task, but in a student's young mind, it is unlikely that school is on it. there is an abundance of things that could happen to a kid in three months that is unbeknownst to the teacher, therefore, an "one size fits all" project may not be the correct approach.

Before summer starts, the school gives students opportunities to choose what courses to take for the next school year, and typically the classes the kids choose all have new material; So when the teachers give out these projects the student will most likely have no idea what they are going to be taught. that being said, a student designed project could help the teacher evaluate what the student is capable of so they can target strengths and struggles and build up off of them once school starts back up. For example, if a rising sophomore elects to take a course such as Pre-AP US History, and for the project the class has to write a five page essay on a current public figure, how would the class go about this? What if some students dont have a strong suit in writing? That would be very difficult for the student to finish. So what if instead the student has created the idea to make a twenty-five page booklet on an recent event in history? that could display the students creativity in illustrating rather than writing, and that way, struggle is eliminated and they earn a well grade showcasing the creativity they have. Now this is the best-case scenario, what could also happen is the student would not know how to make their project; If that is the case, then the teacher could maybe inspire the student by giving ideas and that way it is still the students choice on what to do.

Over the summer, kids have plenty of time and to do almost everything; which means they have plenty more opportunities for activities than when they were in school. Some kids get a job all summer, participate in travel sports, or could be making memories with family and friends. All of these could cause students to lose track of time and even forget about the task they are given. Some may complete it first thing summer starts, but realistically, not everyone would do that. A way that a student-designed project would help out with that is if it is their idea and they know how they would go about it, it could be a stress reliever and would be easily completed on their own time. That way, this will not be an obstacle to the student's plans or goals for the summer break.

For teachers, they are obviously more fond of the material than the students, But in the school year it may be difficult to help all students understand the material; So, if teachers can see what the student has trouble with in their project, they can pinpoint exactly how to help them. This is a great benefit for the whole class as this can solve all the struggles but more importantly this is easy for the teacher to help everyone succeed.

When projects are given out over the summer, there are plenty of factors that play into whether the student can finish or not. A student is dealing with other activities, or,there could be trouble understanding the new curriculum or the task. Whatever the case is, finishing a project is very difficult. But if the teacher enables the kids to create their own project, they could thrive by choosing their own method. The student could still face struggle creating their own assignment, but the teacher will find the best way to help them. If schools tested to see if student-based projects work over the summer, They could potentially see some positive effects.