If you were making one of the most important choices of your life wouldnt you want to make the right one?

That is why it is good to hear lots of people advice because some people could give great advice but others could give awful advice.

People's opinions could make a tremendous impact on the advice that they give you.

If someone has a very strong opinion it could be bias but if someone has a very weak opinion they likely dont care about that subject.

Someone could have a bad history with the topic of advice or just not care so they could have a very bad opinion because they dont like talking about the topic or just dont like the topic.

Lastly people could just flat out lie to you in theyre opinion and that could end up causing you to potentially make the wrong choice.

A another thing that could have a huge impact on the advice that people give you is whether or not they have experience in the topic.

If someone is very experienced in the topic that person would likely give you great advice but if someone isnt experienced and is just giving you random advice that could cause you to make the wrong decision.

People could have had a great experience with the topic which could cause them to give you a biased answer of whether or not they likes the experience they had with the topic.

The same thing goes for if someone were to have a very poor experience it could cause bias.

Finally people could just flat out lie to you about theyre experience with the topic, they could call themselves and expert but in reality they could be completely clueless and giving you horrible advice.

Lastly people could just be bad advice givers, they could have good things to tell you but not know how to explain it or tell you about it.

You need lots of advice from lots of different people in order for you to just get some good advice from people.

If someone does not like you they could purposely give you bad advice which could potentially ruin your life.

All in all I think that it is very important to get advice from different kinds of people and get it from lots of people because, one wrong decision could ruin your life and that would not be good.

When I get advice I always make sure to ask lots of people that I am friends with or my family and they always try theyre best to give me good advice.