Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Many students already have the opportunity to take online/video conferencing. Although it would be more helpful to just attend class face to face, many pupils would benefit from online or video conferencing. Many schools are already planning on having these online courses. By having the option to have online/video conferencing, students would benefit due to the reason that many pupils become ill and are unable to attend class, while another reason is class getting canceled due to weather conditions, to reduce the risk of an extended school year having these conferences would benefit pupils along with teachers.

Although many students would like to just rest on their sicks days, teachers and many parents would find it more beneficial for their kids to still be able to attend class and not miss work. Kids get sick all the time and miss plenty of days of school. Most students tend to fall behind just by missing a day of education. Other students can get the information and the work for the student who is sick, but being able to still attend the class through video helps you understand the lecture and is nothing compared to just receiving notes. Having a sick day puts your student a day behind and many students fake being sick just to not attend school. The option to attend classes by online/video conferences would help many students to not fall back and stay up to date with the lectures when they decide to take a sick day.

Majority of the time teachers also stay home due to harsh weather conditions, but they still have access to be able to perform class at their own home. When school gets canceled due to weather, there are a limited amount of "snow days" until the school year needs to be extended. Many pupils would not like to have to be in school longer than they already are. By having the classes online that risk is gone and would benefit teachers, students, and even parents. Although many students like to have a day off of school to relax. Students would not be happy with their summer being shortened. Schools already have extra days in case class is canceled because of weather. Having these conferences can possibly even shorten the school year by eliminating these "snow days". Conferences would very much be beneficial to pupils due to the reason that many schools cancel class due to harsh weather conditions.

All in all these video/online conferences would be really beneficial to students as well as teachers. Students are young and get sick all the time. Missing days of school would just hurt them in the long run and these conferences prevent that. With the weather you can never tell what it is going to be like and having these conferences will help with those days off. Many schools already offer these conferences and by having these it could bring new ideas to education system. 