Car usage could easily help detoriate waste and pollutants from our air. If every person in the United States were to limit the use of their driving then most of he worlds pullution and green house gases would vanish. In Beijing, China, it's a common, everyday precedure to put on a medical mask to prevent "dirty" air into getting into their lungs with ease. If every single person on the planet were to reduce the amount of driving they had to do, if they started driving hybrids, if they began using cars that ran on vegetable oil or electricity, we could practically erase the damage that has been done to our ecosystem via pollution. It would take a while but I don't see why we couldn't attempt to make Earth a little greener.

According to paragraph 41 in article four, a quote, stated "A study last year found that driving by young people has decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009...." meaning that they had either carpooled or used a friendlier alternative to cars and the gaseous fumes they emit. If people were to start riding bicycles we could drastically change not only our planet and the ecosystem, but we could also fix our health.

Most American's rarely excercise and it's a common thing to be mildy obese to extremely and deadly overweight. We could easily begin a new generation of healthier teens and adults if we were to introduce healthy lifestyle habits whilst still at a young age.

Article one shows that a new study that has been developed has created a new town with fewer drivers and everything is available when you walk outside. Vauban, Germany has led a research team to see the impact that driving motor vehicles has on society. There are 5,500 people living in this "rectangular square" mile that "may be the most advanced expirement in low-car suburban life" if they could do it, why can't we?

Paris has temporarily banned driving due to smog. Article 2 has said that their French citizens would be fined 22-euro ($31) for driving/being in a car! Congestion had died down around 60% and it's said that the smog had rivaled Beijing, China, known as "one of the most polluted cities in the world." Diesel fuel has a large role to play in this, but maybe if one day we could find other resources to fuel our driving needs, we could restore this beautiful planet and its atmosphere to what it once was.    