Today's society highly revolves around internet use and it can get to a point where people are using it everywhere and anytime they want. Using it while driving can be extremely dangerous therefore i highly disagree that phones can be used while driving because not only are you putting yourself at risk but you are putting other people's life at risk as well. One error can lead to anyone's death and putting yourself at major risk. That's some reasons why i disagree that we should text and drive.

People are putting a lot at risk by texting while driving because your not gonna be as focused on the road as if your texting on the phone. Doing that can highly put risk a lot of people's life due to the fact of your reaction time is minimized. Say your driving on the freeway 60 mph and your on the phone your gonna be 50% on the road and 50% on the phone. Doing that puts so much risk and could potentially end someone's life.

Death can be something that can happen if your texting and driving because not being focused can always lead to worst scenarios. There are model predicting that text messaging are involved in 6-16% of all car accidents in the US. With that being said there's a chance an accident happening and that's very dangerous. People just need to put there phones down and focus more on the road before it potentially ends bad for them.

Some ways of preventing this would be to tell family, friends and organizations to which you belong about the importance of driving without distractions. Also Take information to your kids' schools and ask that it be shared with students and parents. Doing this will be so much awareness and can help so much when texting and driving and safe many lives. No one should text and drive and if you need to text or talk on the phone, pull over to a safe place. Set rules for yourself and help someone out !

With that being said there are ways of preventing an accident and helping out lives. I disagree with driving with phones because it can cause many life changes and that is very painful. Putting your phone to the side is safer than keeping it with you non stop. Therefore in my opinion there should be a law or ban of any types of phones in a car.               