People have been debating if the use of new technology should be used in the classroom; however, people have yet to decide. There are two sides to this arugment the pro side. The people who want the use of new technology and then there are them who think newer technology is not needed to learn. These people are the con side. The author Nick D'Alto made great points on how new facal technology could be helpful in the classroom.

The first way, new facal technology could help in the classroom is by showing when a student is confused and not sure whats going on. In paragraph 6 Dr. Huang states " A classroom computer can recognoze when a student is becoming confused or cored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." As for example, of this when doing math homework online or english the computor could recoginize when the student is confused and then send the student step-by-step insturction. Also the teacher could request this imfomation on which problem the students are confused on and go over them into more detailed.

The second reason, as to why we should use facial technology is for students who are intrested into coding and computer-animations. Students can learn how to make video games charactaers more expressive. As in paragraph 6, "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive- for video games or video suregery" This could help when student is taking and computer-animation class and is very intrested into becoming an coder. When making these games the more detail and expresstion the animators can put into these games the more infomation they need. This program can help provide that kind of knowleage.

On the other hand, yes this new facial technology is not nessary. People often say teacher can read their students facial expersstions just fine without technology; however, an teacher might just over look it or not be able to tell what the student is feeling. This new facial technology can track facial movements and identify mixed emotions. The teacher could also access this and use it to help their students for the better.

Should schools allow new facial technology in classrooms? That what has been decussed in passed years. If they do allow them in classrooms it could help students when they use work online. When the computer detects a student is confused or having trouble they could send out helpful work. Or when a student is intrested in computer animation, the computer could have facial expresstions and detailed know how to make these possible on the computer. Schools should allow these in their classrooms not only for students but for teachers also.         