The limiting of usage a car has to stop because it destroy our country. How can cars destroy our country? Car can destroy our green house in many ways. one way if with all the components that the car have. For example, it can be destroy with the steam that the car throw out in the air(gas).Sometimes people can have  stress by having a car because they have to payed a lot, if a car doest'n work. They had to send the car to a place that can be fixed  and it can expand a lot of your money.

To begin with,sometimes car can be good for people that have there job far away of their home. But also car can cause you to have stress. for example in the source 3:car-free day is spinningn into  a big hit Bogota said that "its a good opportunity to take away stress and lolwer air pollution". This is true because if we not using a car, we don't have to worry to pay taxed, or to fixed the car. In my opinion if we just start to using car all the time, this is going to cause a big problem. Why cars can cause you a big problem on your daily life? Because cars can stop you to walk,can stop you to do a lot of things. You can get sick, one problem that United States has is the fat people. Why fat people? because they just start to use car and they doesn' t realize that if you use a lot the car, you forget that you have to do exersise or to walk. Well, is not just the car that can cause you to be fat, there are other stuff that can cause you to be fat. In the sources 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars, said that "that few  soccer moms or communiting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars". They notice that cars can causing a lot of problems by paying a lot. Some people had to decide to gave up their car by walking to their jobs, or going to buy some food or just want to walk to be healthy.

Cars can be a limited for some people. If we just be a liltle thinker sometimes, we can notice that us, "THE HUMAN" we are destroyed our world with all the substances that the car hurl in the air. This world was make to protect us, but we just like to destroy the nature by the chemical that the car has, and other stuff that cause the world to be destroy. If you are an intelligent person you can stop this by don't having a car, and use your feet to get whatever you want to go.    