Only about 40% of students participate in after school activities. Schools tend to offer a wide variety of activities such as drama, lacrosse, debate, band, and so much more. Despite all of the activities, some student's don't feel the need to join any clubs or teams. Therefore, making students participate in at least one extracurricular activity wouldn't be a good idea because students may not have enough time, not enjoy any of the activities, or feel mad.

Even though students are young, they can be pretty busy. Many students participate in activities outside of school, which can cause their schedule to be pretty tight, and that's not even counting homework. Some may barely have enough time to transition between school and any other activity they may have. So if someone made it mandatory for students to join a club or team, they would have to drop another activity, which they might feel really passionate about.

Schools tend to offer many activities, but they don't offer all of them. As a result, there will be students who just aren't interested in any of them. Many may feel it's best not to waste their time on something they won't enjoy. So making students participate in an activity may cause them to not feel motivated in whatever they're doing, which can bring the whole team or group down. If a student is forced into an activity they don't enjoy, they wont want to do much with the group/team.

If schools force students to join a team or club, they might feel like their free will has been stripped away from them. Many students today can get upset really quickly. Students may want to rebel and skip the meetings/practices. They may even get angry and try to shut the whole idea down, or rant on social media. Forcing students to do extracurricular activities can cause them to get even more homework, which can really effect their mental health, depending on the situation.

Overall, forcing students to do extracurricular actives is a bad idea because they wont have enough time, may not want to do any of the activities, or even get angry. Schools should stay the way they are, and only offer the activities and not force them. Even if it may seem like a good idea to make extracurriculars mandatory at first, it wont take long for it to backfire. 