Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I understand that you are considering making all students here at SCHOOL_NAME do community service. Community service is a great thing, but it shouldn't be forced upon students. I think it's better to try and convince students to perform more community service, so they do it willingly and have fun doing it. I have come up with a plan to help you do this.

Students are interested in many things, like music and sports, but they are much more interested in having fun. I believe that students see community service as boring, which is why they do not want to perform any community service tasks. If you can convince students that helping out in the community can be fun, they will definitely be more willing go out and volunteer their time and hard work. Students want to be with friends as much as they can. If one student wants to go clean up the park with the city council, they are sure to invite their best friend. Their friend will want to help because they're best friend is helping. They see it as more fun because they will be with someone they know. If we try a technique like this, the outcome can be great. If we create a group, here at school, of students who like to volunteer, we can definitely convince more students to help out of lovely city. Students will convince their friends to join, and quickly, we will have a large group of students that want to help. We can organize our own school volunteer work, or we can team up with the city council and work with them on city wide projects and events.

Students are usually only open to new things and experiences, when their friends are involved with them. If students learn that volunteering is fun, they will grow up and have this same mentality. They will have the chance to open themselves up to a new experience they are sure to love! Who knows, maybe one day they'll grow up to change the world!

I would love to hear your thoughts about this idea. I truly believe this will have a positive outcome. Thank you so much for your time.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

7th Grader