Receiving or giving advice can be helpful in many different ways, especially from someone you trust. Usually when people ask for advice they are stuck, confused, or would like to talk to someone that has experience on what they need advice from. Advice should come from the heart. Just think about when someone has ever gave you advice or when you're in the moment of. You want someone to take you serious, and understand you.

Depending on how comfortable you are on what you need advice for, talking to multiple people may vary. However, from experience, getting opinions from more than one person can get confusing and here is why. One person may not understand, or even willing to help you with your decision. On the other hand others will cope, understand, and share their experience as well. Although, in experience receiving advice from more than one person has helped me a lot. You have to choose the right person to go to which is important. Not everyone can talk to just anyone, some people even get therapists or have guidance counselors! Therapists are more in the use of if you're going through something in your personal life and finding ways to get over it, or cope with.

In previous experiences I have been told, asking for advice is "embarrassing" to some people. I find that no where near embarrassing because you should not feel that way at all. You need to be comfortable at all times and always listen to what the other person has to say. Here are a couple small questions people ask for advice on just as little as these!

Getting a cat or a dog

Dealing with friendships or relationships

How to deal and cope with such things.

When you ask multiple people even with these three examples it gives a better perspective on your decision. If you're planning on ending a friendship but don't know how, I advise you to ask multiple people. As I stated earlier in the passage, asking multiple with help you choose your decision by listening to their previous experiences and even mistakes they have made if they have such in the process. Other peoples point of views will make you learn, and think about what you will decide on. What I mean by learning, is that when someone shares their advise you can learn by their choices and in future references by someone asking you for that same advice. In some cases, not everyone listens to someone else's advise and can completely ignore it. Which isn't a big deal because you never know. Some people even stick to their gut and don't ask for advise which can be smart.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions from more than one person can really help in various ways as stated above. You get more options to think about, and you learn from either their mistakes, what to do in future cases and in the back of your head, you will know whats best for you in the end.