A wise person once said, "A good decision because is made by more than two people's opinions and their experience." Most people believe that seeking more than one person for advice results in a better choice. I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help make a better choice because it creates more understanding, reveals different point of views, and make more options to choose from.

Multiple opinions can help create better understanding about a topic. Therefore, with more understanding you can analyze the changes a certain decision will create in your life. By seeking opinions from multiple people, you will know the affects that the decision had on their life. After that, you will be able to infer the affects this decision will create in your life and this way, you know whether the choice is beneficial for you or not. Seeking multiple opinions can also help you better understand certain details about your choice. You will learn more details about a topic if you talk to more than one person for advice. As different people have different experiences, someone may reveal something to you that the other person didn't. By this, you will have more knowledge about a topic, and can make your decision based on logic and knowledge. This can be related to schools coming up with plans based on the opinions from their workers.

You can reveal different point of views by seeking advice from multiple people. Different point of views can help you analyze both sides of an opinion. Different people have different beliefs about a certain choice and it's better to consider more then one belief before making a decision. Advice from multiple people can help you consider different sides of a choice. After that, you know about the different ways of approaching that choice and are more likely to make a decision that is better. Another way different point of views can be beneficial for you is by showing the relationship between different choices and situations. Different types of people have different lifestyle and by seeking advice your collecting information that may differ from your situations. You can collect different data and consider the advice from a person whose situation or lifestyle resembles you the most. This way your decision will support your situation and be beneficial.

For example, a homeless person spends all his money on toys instead of food, so in the future he is going to regret his decision.

Considering advice from more than one person creates multiple options for a decision. Multiple options may result in a more smoother and easier decision. After talking to different people, you will come up with many different options to create this decision. After that, you can choose the one you find most beneficial and it might be better that what you considered for your decision at first. Multiple choices can help solve a problem faster. After you have multiple choices suggested to you by different people, you can choose the best one. This will most likely quicken the process than if you only have a few options. For example, a teen is in dept, so he asks one of his friends for advice, and the advice his friends gives is, "invest twenty dollar every year." If the teen had more options the problem would've been quicker and smoother to solve.

In conclusion, seeking advice from more than one person can help a person reveal different point of views, create more options, and understanding for a decision. Overall, seeking for advice from multiple people can reveal different options, create smoother ways of approaching a problem, and help make a powerful and beneficial decision. At the end of day the best decision is created by considering more than one person's opinions and experience.