Students Expressions

Everyday people are coming up with new technology to help the students learn in class. They give them computers and let them use phones and calculators. But the new software that can identify students emtions is going to help in so many diffent ways. The Facial Action Coding System will not only help the student but also help the teacher. If a student is feeling a certain emotion and doesn't want to participate in class that day then the teacher can help them due to their emotion. One other reason FACS could help, is with all the school shootings that are happening you could detect that a student was mad or sad because of a bully and help them before they do something disasterous. Another reason FACS could help is to stop a bully. If the software can dectect happiness it can detect hatred and it would be helpful in many schools if they could stop a bully before the bully found a victim. These are the some of the many reasons why the Facial Action Coding System would be valuable in school.

In many classrooms students hardly ever show up to school ready to work and learn. With the FACS teachers could use it to help those students and make sure they do their work so they student can suceed. Then on the other hand if a student is ready to work and very energetic the teacher can help them learn at their pace. Most students would agree and say that learning is hard if its not at your own pace. With FACS the teachers can learn what the students pace is and teach them accordingly.

School shootings are becoming a regular thing in America and most of America feels the way I do; they need to stop. Students have emotions that lead them to committing acts of terror like this and the FACS would be able to detect if a student was sad or mad because of a bully. All the teacher or adult would have to do is talk to them and it could be avoided. The most effective way to stop a disaster of that magnitude is stop it before it happens. With the Facial Action Coding System it could easily be stopped.

Bullies are everywhere in schools: classroom, hallways, cafeteria, bathrooms, etc. The Facial Action Coding System is able to dectect emtions of a bully, such as hatred for another student then the teachers can talk to the potential bully and make sure they don't become a bully. If the bully is mad from something at home then the FACS would detected that emotion and an adult would be able to help in anyway they seem fit. The FACS can help stop any potential bully or even stop a current bully.

The Facial Action Coding System could be such a valuable tool to use in schools and these reason prove why. There are tons more reasons why the FACS would be a valuable tool in schools but these, in my opinion, are the best reasons. Helping a student learn and paticipate in the classroom easier, helping teachers stop a disaster from happening, and stopping a bully from ruining a students life are some of the many things that make the FACS the next big thing to help students in school.                                                                                                     