Nowadays, students take advantage of sports and extra curricular activities. They think they can just get by with a C average or a D average. If they want extra, then they have to work hard in school and in extra curricular activities. The B average policy should be in effect because students obviously need that extra push to better their lives. Also, if no one had a B average or above, then the school will have a larger budget for other important things. In addition, the students who do have a B average or above get recognized and rewarded for their good efforts.

If we don't give today's youth an extra push, and just let them go off into the world being average or not trying as hard because all their lives, the respected adults were letting them off easy and not preparing them for reality, then our world will fail. Our America as we know it today will fail. In other countries, they don't have nearly as much breaks and days off that we do. Today's youth has gotten lazy, and used to everyone just giving, giving, giving, instead of giving, taking, giving, taking. That's why I want to push myself. I have self drive and self motivation. If the youth aren't motivated to do their best and help today's economy and society, then life won't be worth living once they've messed up, because they can't start over life.

Imagine if everyone in the school had C averages, and this policy was in motion, then the school will have a larger budget. That might sound like the school is selfish, but they can use the large budget to get better lunches, for field trips, and other things like that. Today's economy is struggling, and some schools have to cut programs with kids in it that do have an above B average. This school could be that, or it could be the one who cares about the kid's education. I fully understand how extra curricular activities are very helpful in the development of young people, but they are just using it as an excuse to slack off. I have seen it first hand, and it is just flat out wrong.

I have all A's and only one B. I take pride in doing my work, and seeking extra help when I need it. One can not just coast by and think the world is just going to come to them. They have to reach out and grab it by the neck. The students who do that should get recognized for their achievements. Here at SCHOOL_NAME, they have the OTHER_NAME. Those are things where students get rewarded for their achievements. The reason why jocks are stereotyped as dumb or stupid is because the authorities ignore the fact that the kid is failing all their classes. They just pay attention to the game record, and the reputation of the school.

In conclusion, the above B average policy should be instated. I hope the reader of this takes it to heart that today's youth desperately needs to be pushed into greatness.