The principle does not make the decision whether the students should be in extracurricular activities or not. I disagree with this decision because not every student has the time to be in an extracurricular activity at school. The students either have too much homework or they do not have the time to do it. Some students have other activities going on that take place outside of school. Students would have to make time in order to be on the student council, sport team, and on the yearbook team. The students could be spending more time focusing on the activity then on actual school work. It takes time out of homework and practice if you are in band, orchestra, and chorus.

It also adds stress to the students. The kids may not want to do some of the activities that the school has. They may want to spend time with their families instead. The principle should respect students decisions on what they want to do with their time in the day. The students have the ultimate choice when it comes to school activities. The students come up with the time schedules that they want to follow not what the school wants them to do. They could want the kids to stay longer then they normally would and that could cause a problem. Some students have a life outside of school that they want to have but some activities get in the way of that.

The students make their own decisions based on what they want to do with their school lives. Principles and teachers do not get to tell students what they think students should do with our time. Schools staff should respect kids wishes about school activities, and students should just have to focus on passing their classes. School activities do look good on collage applications, but depending on what grade students are in they should be focusing more on school, and not what school activities they should do. The principle should not be worrying about whether or not students are doing activities or not. Kids just want to get their homework or classwork done with and not have to worry about the schools activities.

The students are trying their best to get good grades in school, but they should not have to stress even more they they have already by doing an activity. The kids are just wanting to get by in life. Some of the school activities do not help them in the real world when they are trying to get a job that they are good at. Kids do not want to have to do an activity that they are not good at or that they do not like. Many kids may want to hag out with their family and not be at an activity. They could start getting bad grades because of it. The students want to get done with their homework, and not have to keep adding work to that stack. The more activities that a student is in the more stress, and work they have to worry about.

Students don't want to be in an activity that they do not want to be in that does not use their full potential. They don not want to waste their time on an activity that they do not like. Kids may feel like they do not have the time to do what they love. The kids might not feel like they have the time they need to do their homework. The activities give the kids even more homework then they had before joining the activity. They could start getting bad scores on test because they are not doing the homework in time before that class. They might want to get out of the club due to stress or they do not like it anymore. Students do not want to spend all of their time inside of the school.

Students should have the choice to do an activity or not, and that is their choice not the principles or the schools. If their friends are doing an activity great, but it is what their friends wants to do not what the students has or wants to do. The students gets to decide what to do, and not what their friends or principle wants the to do at school. It is their choice on what they can and can not do with their free time. The students are already stressed enough, and especially when they are getting ready for a big test. Students want to get good grades on test like a state assessment. Band, orchestra, and chorus sometimes have trips that they take, and assessments. It is up not to the schools staff, but to the students themselves on what they want to do.

School activities get in the way of studying for the said big test. They might not want to go to the activity anymore if it does get in the way of studying for any test that the students might have. It is truly up to the students to decide what to do both in and out of school. The students could try and stop going, and finally leave the activity. The students main priority is to pass the grade that they are in with good grades. The principle of the school should be focusing more on the students grades and mental health, then school activities. Students should be given the choice on whether they want to do an activity or not. The activities they take should not matter to them or to the principle but the classes, and grades they take or get should matter to them. Schools should respect the students wishes, and not force them to do something they do not want to do.

The principle should not worry about the extracurricular activities at the school. In my opinion the school should allow the kids to do what they want to do with their activities in school. Students can decide for themselves, and figure out what they think is necessary and proper at their time in school. The schools main priority is to get the students passed and moved on to their next level in learning. Students should just focus on the next level of learning, and not what activities to do at school. No matter what the kids just need to focus on the work at hand, and not what activities they should try out to see which one is the best one for them. Some students do school activities, and others do activities or clubs outside of school. Some students are bad at sports. Others are shy, and some are socially awkward around others besides their friends. 