Limiting car usage is one of the best things people can do in their everyday lives. Do something different for once! Life shouldn't be a dragging repeating cycle every day. Leaving your car at home and riding public transportation, or carpooling with friends, or walking, or biking; the options are endless! There are a ton of excellent and viable options that also happen to help reduce carbon emissions and let you feel good about yourself by helping the environment. Just some reasons are happiness, excercise, and reducing carbon emissions.

It's not everyday I get to ride in a car with my friends to school. Just imagine, if every four people drove to school everyday instead of driving by themselves, think of all the emissions that would stop. Heck, even riding the school bus lowers carbon emissions. This is all reality. If cities slowly started removing cars and making shops and food more within easy transportation distance, It would definitely make a difference on the looming threat of the ozone layer holes and carbon pollution. Even having one-day events, such as Bogota, Colombia's Car Free Day as seen in Source 3, would let people realize how big this is and the difference it would make to everyday life (in a good way)

Happiness is something people that live in modern United States may experience scarcely, or not as often as they think. Present life consists of a huge amount of stress to humans. Having a car may seem like it facilitates life at first, but it just becomes a burden that most people feel forced to carry. Putting things in the trunk and later forgetting them, paying for expensive gasoline, driving back and forth to places, how tiring it is to drive for long times, and the biggest car polluters, traffic congestion, are just some of the reasons why I definitely don't look forward to getting a car in my future, if I ever do. I would rather ride my bike and take a bus while exercising and transporting myself to get to places at the same time, and laughing at the people in traffic jams.                 