School is a environment where you should feel safe and ready to learn, no matter where that environment is. Many students may struggle to stay focused and learn in the classroom, but giving students the option to take school online or by video conferencing at home might just boost their hunger for a good education. Some students would benefit from distance learning because it will help students with mental disorders be in a safer area to learn, there would be less in-school distractions, and more teacher to student interaction time.

Many students struggle with mental disorders that make them not want to interact with people, causes them to not be themselves, and/or makes them uncomfortable/ freak out when around people that they do not want to be around. This makes it hard for them to get a good education when they are in constant neglect of their abilities around fellow classmates. As known, many high school students struggle with anxiety and sometimes need a break from people, causing them to stay home from school to have a recovery day. Personally, I have had many days where I feel overwhelmed by people and have to stay home to recover so that my mental health can stay healthy, which calls for me missing a lot of school work for that day. This could easily be avoided by taking online courses so that I wouldn't interact with as many people on a daily basis. I would still get the same education that the students at school would be getting, just without being present in that class. Having an at home based education would benefit students who do not prefer to interact with fellow students.

Within a school, there are many things that distract students from learning. One of these distractions could be talkative and noisy students. With the constant talking of fellow students, it makes it hard for others to learn. An example of this could be the placement of classrooms. This year, my history class is right next to the economics class, which participates in many hyper and loud activities that can easily be heard through the walls. My mind is very curious and I find it quite hard to focus on my class when I am unaware of events going on around me. I am eager to learn, but other students may be very distracting at many points of the school day. A school wide distraction is a different thing. Although they keep the school safe in emergencies, safety drills interrupt the day and make going back to work a hassle. After most fire drills, the class becomes rowdy and loses focus, making the teacher struggle to continue on with the daily lesson. This not only distracts the students, but the staff as well. Safety drills interrupt the flow of the day an d make it harder to continue learning afterwards. Another point that distract most students is drama. Depending on what happened, students will start to think about what is going on around them instead of learning. A distance learning approach from this point of view would probably be the best way for students to not get pulled into others business and keep their mind focused on their education. Home based education would eliminate almost all in-school distractions, making the students receive an all around better experience and education.

Although at home learning may benefit some students, teachers may need to do twice the work to ensure the distance learning students know the material. Teachers who participate in teaching the online students will not only have to teach the students in their class, but the ones at home as well. This will make for teachers needing to be available at after school hours to do video conferencing with students. Conflicting schedules may make it hard to find an adequate time to discuss the schoolwork. Teachers will also need time to grade the work of all of their students, which could affect students who need to relearn a topic.

Even though teachers may become a little overwhelmed at the beginning of teaching both online and at school classes, they will soon get in the groove of how things will go. With that being said, online students will have better student to teacher interaction, which is just what they may need to understand the class. Many students may be too shy to ask the teacher a question in front of the whole class, which becomes a chore when they soon become aware that they don't know the answers. With distance learning, students would not have to worry about fellow classmates judging their questions and would feel free to ask the teacher whatever they need. This would benefit their understanding of the material and overall knowledge of the class. Another positive would be that learning would be taken at the pace that the student wants it to. There would be an all together time frame and due dates on topics, but students can take as much or as little time as they need to learn a topic. Students wouldn't have to worry about fellow students taking too long on something that they already know or the class moving faster than they are learning. Students would be in complete control of their learning speed. This benefits students who fall behind in classes due to missing school or not understanding the topics.

Distance learning has many benefits from being able to attended classes from home. Their house could most likely be student's safe place, and would like to stay there so that they could receive a better education. Many students struggling from mental disorders would highly benefit from distance learning. Not only does online school benefit students with mental disorders, but it also decreases the amount of distractions and increases student and teacher learning interactions. Distance learning is a beneficial way of learning for many students. 