When asking for advice, you don't always hear what you would like. Everyone has their own opinion ,but some can lead you to good or bad things; really depends on the person. You should go to the people you trust the most or feel most comfortable. Asking more than one person for advice can bring you up by giving you good ideas and helping your future. There are many other reason why asking other people for advice and these are my reasons .

There are many people in world who don't want the best for you even without knowing you ; thats why you should go to the people you can trust the most or have a close bond with. When asking one person you clearly get one opinion ,but maybe its best asking other people for their opinion on whatever situtation it is. Seeking other peoples opinion can really effect you . Having support can be a big thing in someones life and showing it can really show that you want the best for them. Supporting your friend to a good desicion is always helpful because being by their side can really show your true colors . If don't have anyone to talk to it can really bring you down and keep everything bottled up. When most people give advice they dont really think of the situtation thats why asking more people can be extremly helpful. I understand if you don't get the situtation because you might not know what to say , or your just not putting your in their position, but as long as you supporting them thats all that matters .

Seeking peoples true colors can also make you see who they really are . If the person or people or whoever you ask for advice is making you do a bad thing or get things in your head maybe that person just doesn't care or could careless of you . Seeing the way that they treat you or talk to you can make you think twice or multiple times ; good or bad. Some can lead you to your future, and you should really keep them in your life because those are the type of people ,you want to be positive . Advice is a big thing that you may not realize but you use it everyday like for example ," do you like my outfit" , " does this taste good " etc. The little things you dont realize are the ones you use everyday.

Now lastly the people . You may not notice but we are all pretty cool in our own way or just pretty mean . The people that surround us are the people we know ; yes you may not be friends with them but atleast you know them or you might have heard something about them . Getting advice from the people you dont know personally isn't the best idea . Close friends , family members , consulers are the best to talk to even if you ask others. Like I said advice is just something we all use no matter what, but know that we have support is the best feeling you'll ever get.