I disagree about what the principal has decide because some student don't like sports or any other activities at school. They are probably don't do that activities because they don't know how to play or do those activities and some activities you have to buy all the things that you need for that activities but they don't have money to buy all the stuff.

Other people might fortgot to give the paper that they need for the sports or any kinda of activities and they cant go or play sports just because of that reason and some people dont do a sports because other student will judges them because they might be bad at playing that sports and they will judges them.

Other student played sports but scared to play now because she or he might got hurt when he played last time and she or he might got scared because of that reason and people will call him or her weak just because she or he fell or got hurt.

Not everyone are good at playing sports and even though they probably know how to play sports they might just be scared to play because they have shyness and people are lazy to do any kind of sports.

Not all of the student will follow the principal just because they dont probably know how to play the sports and they are shy to play when people are yeling and staring at them. Not everyone will do the sports just because the principal told them to do any other sports. People will just ignore the principal

They will get mad because if they have low grades they will get kick out of the team just because of the low grades. Other student aren't that good at doing sports but they will probably do better but they are scared to play sports because they see alot of the people who get hurt just because of a sports they dont want to get hurt because of a sports.

Some student will not do what the principal say because it's either they dont how to play the sports or they dont wanna play the sports and if they do play sports it's because they got force to play the sports because their parents and they dont want their parents to be mad or sad because they do sports.

Some people are scared because of a sports they might get hurt because of that sports.

They watch TV at home and it show how the people who play sports get hurt by playing sports and they are scared when people are staring at them.

Some people don't want to do the work for the year book because its boring and some people hates doing books stuff because it's boring and they hate books and some people don't like when they read books.

They do'nt want to do any other activities because it's not their type or they just hate doing all the stuffs. they are probably lazy to do that stuff at school and they just hate doing all that's stuff.       