Extracurricular activities can be fun for some students, but when kids have to do these activities it can take away the fun of the activities. I disagree that students should have to do a extracurricular activity. Some kids don't participate in activities after school simply because the school may not offer a activity that they want to do. When students are forced to do these activities it can make them feel like they are doing the activities because they have to rather than because they want to. Students should not have to participate in after school activities because they take away students time, working parents can't pick kids up and it may be boring to some students.

Some parents can't pick their kid up after school because of work and therefore they can't do after school activities. Carpooling may be a option, but all parents are different and some may not want their kid to do that. Making students participate in these activities could make parents stress about the safety of their children getting home. Extracurricular activities may also have events such as games and meets that a parent may not be able to go to because of work. Finally not having a parent at a game can make a kid feel discouraged and sad.

When you have a long day at school all you want to do is go home and relax. Going home is the highlight of many kids days, but when you have a extracurricular activity you can't go home at your normal time. Students can be swamped with homework and a extracurricular activity can make a student forget that they even have homework. This can cause students to have bad grades and have bad moods. Finally extracurricular activities can make you feel stressed out because when you get home you might not have enough time to get stuff done such as chores and projects.

Some students may not be in a extracurricular activity because the school simply does not have one that interests them. If you make students choose an activity then they can be bored out of their mind. Since students are bored they probably will not participate as much and things will not get done as productively. Since stuff is not getting done properly that may not be fair to the students that actually want to be there. Finally some students may even skip their activities because they don't want to be there.

If you make students do extracurricular activities then things will go undone, parents will not be able to afford the activities and it takes away a kids time. If you make kids do extracurricular activities then you may as well add a extra hour to the school day just for them. If a student had a interest in a activity they would probably already be doing it. While there may be benefits to doing extracurricular activities the negatives far out way the positives. Just do everyone a favor and let the kids have a choice in whether they want to do the extracurricular activities or not. 