Limiting your car usage has a lot of advantages. You can do so many different things with all the space and money you save. You can save money in alot of different ways such as not having to pay car insurance, or pay for tickets, or not having to pay for gas, and lastly not having to pay for you car when it broke down and need to be repaired. With the free sapce theres so many oppertunities to build new stuff so that were making good use of it. In source one it says" In this new approach, stores are place a walk away, on a main streets, rather than in malls arounf distant higways". This is a good thing because parents wont have to worry about where their children are, and children wont have to worry about asking their parents for rides because everything is within walking distance.

Another advantage to not using your car so much is that it can clear the air and help get rid of pollution. In source two it says"... congestion was down 60 percent". This is really good because if we did that everywhere there would not be a problem. When you use you car to much the air starts to change. In source two it says" cold night and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions", Which as you can tell is not good.

When we are not using are cars we can do alot of things. In souce three it says" parks and sports centers have bloomed throughout the city ', This its telling us with out the cars people are becoming more active and spending more time with there famililys and this is always a good thing. another example in source three says" uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaces by broad, smooth sidewlaks", this is good because when you do use your car its more safe on the rode and its creating more jobs. In source three it also says"new resturaunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up" which creates more jobs and makes more money for the city so they can betters school and give back to the community. Inconcluson cars are not the worst thing to have because it gets you from point a to point b but in between those two points theres alot of bad things that come with it i think we should just be able to inform people that we should use our cars more wisely and to some times leave the car to be with your family.                                            