Driverless cars? It seems to be a major advancement in technology, but whats the purpose? In all honesty, it is a very cool idea. This idea though, has a lot of thinking to go behind it. Is it neccasary? What about the safety issues? How is this going to help the environment, safety of others, driving issues, fuel usage, and many other things? In this essay, i have many things to discuss and question as to why the development of driverless cars don't seem like something neccesary to fund.

In my eyes, cars are some of the coolest things ever made. I consider myself to be a "car guy" if you will. I have had a passion for cars since i was a little boy and I have always liked the idea of going fast and making the car faster. Driverless cars, in my eyes, are like taking the racer out of an INDY Car. Who is going to replace that skilled racer? Sure, we have the technology for it but is it really neccesary? Excluding calculators for math answers and Google for searching up history, I would rather put myself behind the wheel of a car rather than a computer. I trust myself to drive an interstate more than i do a computer to do it for me. A computer doesnt have the same reflex skills as a human would. If another driver swerves in front of me while driving, am I going to have a better chance of dodging them quicker than the computer and cameras would? I believe you cant always depend on technology to save you. Sometimes you have to take it into your own hands. Personally, I belive that driving a car myself is more enjoyable than someone or something doing it for me. I have always wanted to experience the rush and adrenaline of driving a Top Fuel Dragster at the NHRA. If i had the opportunity, i would never let a computer do that for me. There are many people who think this way as well.

Another issue with this technology is the safety of it. As i stated in the last paragraph, who is going to dodge a swerving car faster; the computer, or myself? If im paying attention then i have a much better chance of doing it quicker than the computer. What if it malfunctions? No technology ever invented is fool proof or issue free. At some point in time, something breaks, needs replaced, or just gets too old. Its the same thing with original car parts as well. Everything gets old and needs replaced at some point in time. What am i to do if my driverless car malfunctions on the road? Safety is always a major concern.

I agree that there a many pros to go along with the Driverless Car. But with most pros, there is a con to go with it. A pro of the driverless car would be the stress relief. Technology is something that makes life easier. But the con is that you cant always depend on technology to work 24/7. Another pro would be simply how amazing it is that a car is actually driving itself. The con for this is the actual cost. How much will this technology cost to develop? The economy is always changing paces and it isnt always possible for everyone to own the lastest and greatest technology. Im also very sure that the maintenance and repair cost of something like this would be through the roof just like any other technological advancement.

In conclusion, I disagree with the production of the driverless car. I believe it takes away the joy of the ride, along with the safety of it as well. The human factor of the driving machine will always play a vital role in every day transportation. The human could be the deciding factor between safety and reliability.   