Can you imagine a time in the future when no one will have any money because of "Driverless Cars". Yes, you may think driverless cars is a good idea but its not. We already have "Driverless Cars", they are taxis and buses. They say it would use half the fuel of today's taxis and are more flexible than a bus. But how much would they cost? Are they going to be cheaper than a taxi? Are they going to be bigger than a bus?

Buses and taxis are probaly the cheapest forms of transport, and don't get me started on Ubers.

They say that Google has already made some "Driverless Cars", but they are not really driverless. Driverless means no one behind the wheel. "They alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." If it can't drive through traffic or back out of driveways then what's the point. What's the point of having a "Driverless Car" if it's not really driverless. Isn't the whole point of having a driverless car to relax and let it drive on it's own, not to be alerted when it can't even pull up into your driveway.

"Originally, many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads." So what you're telling me is that you want to make the roads smarter too? No, you need to make humans smarter not cars or roads. If we weren't so lazy we wouldn't need "Driverless Cars". "The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel." Want if the "human at the wheel" sucks at driving?

Then we are going to have some issues.

The sensors are what the should be adding to cars. The sensors "Can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better respone and control than a human driver could manage alone."

See that is what we need in cars, they are so many car accidents because of speeding and drunk driving.

Ok back to why "Driverless Cars" souldn"t be made. Driverless cabs? They already driverless cabs, you, yourself are not driving the cab. Unless you are a cab driver you are not driving the cab, and it's going to take so many jobs away from cab drivers. "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to driver?" Their turn to drive? So you take turns driving your brand new driverless car? But don't worry they have a in-car-entertaimnet and information system to make sure you don't fall asleep at the wheel. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault the driver or the manufacturer?" I thought it was a driverless car why would the driver be at fault?

I can talk about this "Driverless Cars" idea for hours but I only have fifty-five minutes to talk about this. So i'm just going to wrap this up with my last thought. Driverless cars sould not be made.

LIL BOAT