Distance does not make room for success. I do not think students would benefit from being able to take classes at home because the opportunities for success are not equal.

Being physically present for a class is very important so you can get one on one time with your teachers. In order to graduate you have to take Health and P.E. Health classes are now offered online. So, a lot of people prefer to take it online because it seems easier. My sisters friend Generic_Name chose to take health online. However, my sister Generic_Name chose to take health during school. Taking health in school is longer than online health but, it's actually easier. Generic_Name got behind in most of her school work because she didn't fully understand what to do. When my sister didn't understand something she could go to her health teacher and ask right away instead of having to wait. However, Generic_Name couldn't do that because her teacher was not always available for phone conferences. So, by default Generic_Name got zeros on her assignments and had to go to summer school. Since Generic_Name had help along the way, she passed all of her health work and got to enjoy her summer at home. If Generic_Name would have chosen online health she would not have gotten the proper guidance she needed to be successful in the class and pass the first time.

Some people think that being able to take an online class is fun and easy. However, they're wrong because a lot of people fail and get behind. My brother was one of those failing people. My brother Generic_Name had to be home bound because he was having problems at school. So, all of his school work was on online. He had a tutor that came twice a week but, only for an hour. At school he would see his teachers 3 times a week for an hour and thirty minutes. By this drastic change he was missing a lot of instructional time. He didn't get to ask questions, take notes, participate in class discussions, or do projects. Therefore, completing school work was a struggle and he failed most of his assignments. Two months later he was finally allowed to come back to school. After a week of being in a classroom setting Generic_Name went from failing grades to honor roll. By being physically absent from a classroom setting he was not getting the proper things he needed for a good learning environment.

In order to successfully learn, being physically present is the most important thing. The physicality of learning matters. Learning experiences aren't suppose to happen online.