This essay will be about how i think my fellow citizensyou relly thinkk about how much the relly use there cars. i think if every one walk it would make the world a better place an better your self. i think that if every day was a car-free day everyone would be so shock on how good lif would be with out cars.

if you relly think about how there is a car free day in bogota you would think tht they are vary smart. couse once a year there will be less camicals in the air an also or people will be way more athletice that day. An not only that they are smart enogh to make this car free day up they aslo are makeing monye cuss for the poeple that dont wwant to walk they still let only taxi cars an buses still run. if i was the president i would make this a event once a mouth. an just like the artical says "it's a good opportunity to take stress away and lower air pollution".

In the artical of"the end of car culture it says that "recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars,driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by". I think that is great couse i want to see more people riding there bikes an injoing there selfs an taking family bike rides. An another main reason y ithink it would be a good idea to limite cars is that there will be more monye in your pocket couse you would not have to go to the gas station every othere day. an not only that you wouldent hae to buy a car couse those are relly exspinsive to. If you think about if your car breaks down you would have to do all kindes of things an pay all typesb of money to get it fix. more people would be more welthy if cars was never brout around the earth.

There are sme parts of the states an citys that you probly dont need a car. Say im in new your the city i woud never need a car there are subways taxies other ways to get around an just amgin having a car in the big apple  the trafic is relly bad an all traficdose is cpouse acsidents if there was no cars fewer people would die in car acsadints an  there would be more peole alive in 2015. If we go back to 2000 an we add up all the people that died in car cidents an how mant acidents there were im sure everyone would drive less an alot safer. Im sure if every one was car less the wourld would be a better place

Im sure if i was the presdint i would start a car free day once a mounth an see how that goes. but if it goes well i would try to work on car free day but for a day for weeks an i think if everyone stop using cars for 1 year the air would be very fresh an everyone would be alot hethyer an im sure in the futer there would be no more cars but in cuccsin i think that the wourld shout limmit the amout of time we use cars.             