As Generic_Name laid on the ground, phone in hand and face full of tissues soaked in tears and makeup. she couldn't stop the tears from falling down her cheek, as she rolled over on her side to grab her fifth jumbo box of chocolate that day. "Why are boys so mean," she mumbled to herself as she slowly got up and plopped down on the bed. She turned her head to look at her phone and saw thirty text messages from Generic_Name, and a missed phone call from Generic_Name. Its almost as if her fingers moved on their own, as she turned to click on the call back button. "Hey, i've been worried sick for you. I'm sorry about your breakup, I know how hard it must be to be going through this." Generic_Name frowned and hung up mid speech, "Even if it has been two months since he left me, he was someone extremely important to me. It's not that easy to forget someone who you use to love and see everyday!" she said in a ghostly whisper that would make chills go up your spine, but all she could do was break down in tears again. Generic_Name as shown, is going through a rough breakup and is having trouble getting over it. This is something that happens more often than you may think, breakups can seriously injure someone. It can injure their mental health, and leave them in a confused and sad state questioning what they did wrong, and what they could have done to fix it. It can be difficult to go through something like this alone, and you may need someone to listen to you and give you advice so that you can make the right choices. It can be one person or more. It can give you a better view of things, gives you more options, and opinions.

Getting a good view of a situation is extremely important, since it can affect the way of the outcome. If you are in the dark for a situation, than chances are that your not gonna understand whats going on. That's exactly what's going on for Generic_Name, she is confused with whats happening and is staying in the dark, and that can make the problem harder for her. If you have someone there, they can talk to you and give you their thoughts and view on it. Instead of hanging up on Generic_Name, she should have listened to what she was gonna say. She could have asked Generic_Name what she thinks about whats going on, and she would have helped her and told her what she thinks. Generic_Name could have also called more people she feels comfortable with and told them the same thing and seen what they think of it too so that she can see what other peoples views are and get a better picture of what's going on and how to fix it.

Talking to people can also give you new options on what to do. When in a situation like this, you could feel lost and unsure of what is right and what isn't. You may stay in the same place for awhile trying to think of something but in the end not happy with it. Generic_Name is just staying in her room eating chocolate and laying on the ground, she isn't sure of what to do or what even the right thing to do is. She is lost and unsure. Talking to people can give you new ideas on what to do for this situation, and they give you options that you may have not come up with by yourself. Generic_Name is clearly worried for her and she wants the best for her, she could have told her to talk to someone she feels comfortable with. Going on a jog, getting a breath of fresh air, or even therapy can help with things like this. These are all options that would help Generic_Name feel better. Talking to more than one person can help a ton more, since everyone has different way that helps them. One thing that helps one person could not help Generic_Name, but something that someone else does could help her. She could make a better choice, Generic_Name could decide to take the choices Generic_Name gave her instead of locking herself up in her room.

Getting someones opinion can be very helpful when your unsure of something, asking someone what they think about it is one of the best things you can do for yourself. You get second thoughts on what your doing, and it can be best when asking a group of people since they will all share their opinions and you get to hear what they think. Generic_Name could listen to the opinions Generic_Name and Generic_Name have for what's going on, and that could help her think about what to do next. Of course it's important not to take all opinions seriously but you just have to make sure to grab the right ones. If she listens and does take the right ones, than this could help her make better choices and be sure of what she wants.

"Thank you guys so much, I don't know what I would have done if you guys didn't give me that great advice!" said Generic_Name with a huge smile across her face. Generic_Name and Generic_Name smiled but both ended up laughing with joy, proud to have their old friend back. they all flopped down in the green grass and looked up at the bright blue sky, covered by fluffy white clouds that looked so fluffy you could fall asleep on them. "I never knew that talking to you both and hearing your thoughts and opinions would affect me so much. Now I know, that it's good to ask people for advice so that I make the right choices." Generic_Name closed her eyes and exhaled, happy that she asked for advice on her problems. These are my reasons for why I believe it's good to get advice that helps you make better choices. It can give you a better view of things, gives you more options, and opinions.