Certain schools make students complete a summer project to make sure students are still learning over their summer break. There is an ongoing debate over if teachers should design these projects or if students should. Some believe that the student should design the project because it is their summer break and it gives them time to be creative but this is not true. Teachers should design the summer project, not the students.

There are a variety of reasons why teachers should design the project. Teachers purpose in this is to make sure the students project is educational and will benifit them in the long run. A teacher is a professional and will most likey pick a topic that will help them through the summer untill they get to school. Students might pick a topic or design their project on something that might not benefit them significantly educationally. Along with teacher design would come clear and formal instructions. Provided the teacher designs the project the instrustions should be crystal clear and students will be on the right path and most likely less confused than if they had to do it all themselves. Teacher design will aswell booost the project in looking more formal provided rubric can show expectations that need to be met. When teachers provide a project for their class, everyone has the same assignment, and it not only makes it easier for them but the students. This makes said project still formal but everyone can add their creative skills making it more personal giving it their own twist. With the same summer project and teachers permission, it would aswell be easier to work with others and share ideas. Teacher design benefits the students.

There are further reasons on why teachers should be the ones designing students projects. Teachers know what will benefit the students, preparing them for their next year. Edcationally they will design a project based to fit their class and that will help their students. This is teachers being hard working and picking themselves what is best for their students. As stated previously everyone having the same project would benefit the teachers aswell. Multiple projects after a long summer is hard to grade but with everyone having the same assignment and rubric it would make it easier for the hard working teachers. The teacher deciding and designing how they would want their project would asvwell be a plus for them. They decide how they want it as well as theirs expectations, which makes it clearer for the student to unerstand as stated previously. Teachers designing the summer/schiool year projects benefit both students and teachers.

The summer project should be designed by the teachers and not the students. There are many reasons why teachers should design it, for example it makes it easier for both the teachers and the students in the long run. those who disagree state that it would make it easier, more creative, and fun for the students but realistically this is not true. School work at anytime of the year should be designed and given by the school, this puts order in the school system.