There are many advantages to limiting car usage. These examples include, less stress, cleaner air, and more safety. There is less stress because you are always tense as stated in the first source. There's cleaner air because cars are one of the leading causes to air pollution as said in source two. There's also more safety because streets don't have as much traffic stated on source three and four.

One benefit of limiting car usage is that there is less stress. There is less stress because when you own a car you may find yourself tense a lot of the time or maybe all of the time. In source one, Hedrium Walter stated that she was always tense with a car and now she is much happier. Bike riding and walking outside can be relieving without the sound of motors, hearing the children play in the park and breathing the fresh air is much better. In source three Carlos Arturo Plaza said that car free day is a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution. This is another instance of someone supporting limiting car usage because there is less stress.

Cleaner air is another benefit to limiting car usage. Cars are one of the leading factors to air pollution, this is shown in source two. In source two, it states that congestion was down sixty percent in the capital of France afer five-days of intenstifying smog. This proves that limiting car usage provides cleaner air for the enviroment. With cleaner air, there is a healthier poulation which is a benefit to limiting the usage of vehicles.

There is more safety with limiting car usage. If car usage is limited, then there aren't as many car accidents and there is less traffic. Less traffic could also lead to public transportation becoming more efficient and faster. The bus would be able to get to places much faster without other cars being in the way wich would be a benefit to limiting car usage.

Limiting car usage would be for the better of the population. It would cause less stress, cleaner air, and more safety. The usage of cars should be limited for the better of man and it should happen everywhere.                                                    