To drive or not to drive? That is the question. In the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming", both positions are explored whether automatic cars would be good or bad in our world today. In my opinion, I believe that these automatic cars are doing wonders on today's technology. Automatic cars are making it much more safer to drive on the road and adding a lot less accident risks in there. There is a lot of potential, and I say why not take it?

Advances in technology have usually made everything better. It's history and amazing how much our society has evolved with technology and machines to help us make our lives much easier, like how farming used to just be planting a seed and picking it when it's ready and sweet enough. It's the same with electronics and cars in that kind of sorts. You used to have to learn everything about being on the roads with your car, learn how to drive and navigate it, and not that long ago, you had to learn to tame horses to make travel easier. This automatic car thing is just an extension of that and the potential is extraordinary.

It's more assisting than actual driving at the moment, but we're almost there to see it in our futures. It's very similar like a person going from struggling on a crutch to finding much more ease using a wheelchair while you rest up. This potential can help us drive a lot easier without many risks except technology failing on us, but that can easily be managed. If you htink about the outcome, people who can't drive like disabled, struggling teenagers and shaking elderly can finally drive again with more ease.

Now it's easy to believe why take the risk if it can end up worse, but that's just being paranoid about the bad possibilities rather than wanting to explore all of the good that can from this. Like the article argues,

If technology fails and some is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?". It is arguable, but there are human errors and technology mistakes. This also has some potential for job opportunities, like specializing in automatic cars and troubleshooting them.

Stated in this article, it says sixteen years ago there was no potential to create a driverless car, but now that the technology to do so has evolved, why not do it? It's not like you're trying to take over the human race doing so, it's almost a breakthrough in science if you think about it. No more having to rely on people itself to keep you safe in the car and having extra assurance that the car itself will keep you safe if you mess up is a huge relief in my opinion. It's something cool that was always thought of in movies to have hovercrafts and spaceships, and creating a driverless car is a baby step in that direction.

Driverless cars will do a lot more good than bad in my opinion. There is a lot of support in this article, including my own that should show that driverless cars will be something tech savy in the foreseeable future. You have to take a risk to continue moving forward and growing, and isn't that what everybody wants to do? Move forward from yesterday? We drive today, but tomorrow, it's one less thing to think about in our busy lives. 