Annoyingly-Repetitive commercials, constant news interviews, and a myriad of kisses on the cheeks of stangers babies occur every 4 years. Its been the same process since the start of this country to aid in electing new presidents Designed in eloquence by our founding fathers. On the contrary I do strongly believe that the electoral college was on the lesser side of this eloquence. The grueling process, the unfairness and the overall confusion provided by the electoral college in my opinion make this "electoral college" one of the most unintelligent lesser thought out compromises that this country has ever had to abide by.

The electoral college is tiring, The process downright-grueling, and overratedly-outdated. As Americans using the electoral college keeps us hidden. We believe we have a voice when in reality the "voice" that we thought we had is barely above a whisper. According to the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" the author Bradford Plumer states that "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This  statement provdided by the author suggests that something so simple-sounding turns out to be so complicated. By Americans placing a vote not for themselves but for the electors it is now not in the peoples hands like the government patronizes, even though you may put in a vote to elect a democratic canidate you never know who your state assigned electors might actually vote for, are you tired yet?

In Addition, its unfair to the presidential candidates. Although a presidential candidate may be well liked by people and "win" by popular vote that does not nessasarily mean the win in the presidency Although I understand the vfact that using the electoral college ensures a winner and avoids run-off elections I still do believe that this process is highly incompotent. The article by Plumer gives the example of the fact that in the 1960's segragationists almost succedeed in fully replacing democratic electors with electors of their choice or in essence ones that opposed of Kennedy. For candidates who place their blood sweat and tears into an election just to have lost by some electors but happend to be well-liked by people is foolish. America is supposed to be a country of the equal, and with the use of the electoral college is the perfect example of why  this country could not be any farther away from equal.

Furthermore, the process is confusing. Between the electors, voting and the overall uncertainty it is not worth it. Going through unneeded stress just to further confuse people is idiotic. The presidential election should be elected by popular vote and the goverment shall see to it that the peoples votes are actually counted towards something. I honestly do not believe that the title of "land of the free, home of the brave should be given to a place where the government can not even see that this scheme no longer works. Its tiring, unfair, and confusing ; all red flags that this process is in need of some serious fine tuning.

In essence the electoral college is dead. Cheating people out of their rights is dead, and schemery is dead. Our government needs a serious wake up call. They need to open their eyes to the fact that this process is no longer effective and we are not that impressionable as the ones who were before us. The electoral college needs to be laid to rest and we should be alotted all the rights that we have not recieved from this grueling, confusing,  unfair process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            