While for many years the traditional way of a class comprised of students physically being in the class to learn, now in the age of the internet students can participate in the classroom at home. People believe that students should still go to school but students gain many benefits when they attend school at home because they have more personal time, have better attendance, and make schools less crowded.

Students have been balancing school and after curricular activities for a long time now, but students would have more available time if they took online classes. Students can choose classes based on their own personal schedule. This would make it easier to balance their day because they can do there classes before or after their activities. Also the classes would be flexible unlike normal school where there is a fixed time one must be at school to learn, now it can change based on a student's daily tasks. If a student is late or sick one day instead of missing precious class time and material they now can catch up on later in the day with out any backlash. Online classes would help give students more free time because the class depends on how fast a kid can learn and complete the material. If a student is really gifted they can learn and finish new material very quickly, which gives them more time to focus on their own lives and not about school. Traditionally in the classroom the teachers job is to make sure that all the students learn, therefore many times a handful of students would be ready to move on and learn but the teacher cannot because there are other students who are behind. Online classes solve this by making it possible for a student to move on individually at what ever pace they need it to be. The introduction of online classes can gift a student with more time and freedom.

When a student misses school they lose a lot of valuable learning but with online classes they will achieve a better attendance record. Online school makes it possible so the classroom is where ever a student has a smart device with an internet connection. That means that whether a student is on vacation or is in a blizzard they can learn. The student will never have to miss another class because they are sick because they can even learn in their bed, this will severely cut down the attendance gap that many students have. Online schooling will decrease the rates that students skip. When a students skips school they would usually be able to make up the work the next day but with online classes they would stay at home and would have to complete their work or their grades would suffer, so this cuts down the days a student would be able to skip and not do any work. Online schooling helps coax kids into not skipping and pushes learning on the go, this drastically helps with missed time in the class room

Many schools around the country are over crowded but with online schooling taking kids out of the school majorly helps with overcrowding. When online schooling takes away kids from a school that is overcrowded it takes off the stress put on the education system there. This makes class rooms smaller and teachers more available to a smaller class but for more time. This also helps the students by making there school day more efficient. When a school gets smaller they can spread their resources more efficiently. Now not only do students at home who take online classes get benefits but also kids in schools. The school now has more money, time and availability to each individual student, which enriches their own learning. Online classes helps take away students from schools and helps with overcrowding and in the process improve the learning of others.

With the introduction of online learning, students in school or at home both receive great benefits that improve their educational experience. This happens through the process of giving students more time, keeping them in school, and relieving other schools of overcrowding. 