We all plan to get cars when we get our licenses right? Wrong! The relationship between people and cars throughout the Earth is changing with fewer people buying cars and governments supporting the use of more eco-friendly methods of transportation. Two advantages of this change that I would like to point out is first the improvement in health, and second the fact green house gasses have gone down. These may seem like great ideas, but you may be asking yourself are such advantages possible?

Begining with the lack of pollution, cars can produce Carbon dioxide which causes problems in the atmosphere. The gas traps sunlight creating greenhouse gasses which is responsible for global warming. This would cause problems for future generations with an increase in flooding and other factors that can destroy areas of living, not to mention the fact breathing in the fumes is bad for health. The scary part about the relationship between green house gasses and cars is that twelve percent of green house gasses caused by cars are in Europe. This may no frighten you, but when you take into account fifty percent of green house gasses lie in the U.S., you realize how seroius and frightenning the situation really is.

Another benefit of the lack of car usage is the improvement of public health. It's known by many scientist and psycohlogist that an increase in stress is bad for health and can lower a person's life expentancy. In Vaubun Germany a mother's words about their Vaubun progam was "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," meanwhile in Bogota, Columbia a bussiness man said "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," during Bogota's car-free day program. Aside from the stress, people are getting far more fit as they walk or take a bike to their destionations, even in large cities like New York where you'll see people joining bike programs. Bicycle lanes are increasing greatley and in Bogota, 118 miles have already been built.

In conclusion, I would like to point out that out our world is improving. The awareness of government and the people has lead into the creation of bicycle lanes, a lowering in the stress level of the people, and a decrease in green house gasses. This will in turn provide a better future for countless generations of people throughout the entire planet. It's as Bill Ford, executive of the Ford Motor company stated "pedestria, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety."    