Seeking for advice is like learning how to ride a bike because they both require help from other people . If I had a choice, I would want multiple to give me advice for that certain situation. Some reasons for why I think seeking for other opinions is very important are it can give you a wide range of options when trying to find advice, It will allow you to understand the other persons experiences when asking for advice, and looking for other opinions can give you a variety of different answers so you can make better choices.

The first reason for why I think asking people for advice will help a person make better choice is when you ask all of those people for some advice is when you ask all of those people their all going to respond with their own opinions. Finding multiple people for advice can give someone a big boost of confidence on their choices. This is important because you never know the situation that person is in, and your opinion can make a difference. Sometimes its best to respond with a negative or a positive response depending on the advice their asking for. For example, If your best friend walks uo to you and says " yo man, can I have some advice on how to run faster," you would probably respond with a helpful response.

Secondly, It will allow you to understand the other persons experiences when asking for advice. When you go around looking for help and talking to people you start to understand them. What Im trying to say is that when they're sharing their advice with you, their basically just sharing their own experiences with you. Thats why asking different people people is so important because your going to get a different picture every time. To give you an example, my brother and I once went zip lining before, and we had no clue what we were doing. so we asked for some advice from our mom. She told us a lot of crazy nonsense that would probably end up making us choose a bad choice. After that we decided to ask someone we thought had a lot more experience. We ended up asking the zip line instructor, and he gave us a hole bunch of factual information that lead us to make a better choice.

Lastly, looking for other opinions can give you a variety of answers so you can make better choices. Being able to make a choice that can affect you your life in a bad or good way can be very essential to your life. Ways to prevent you from making those bad choices can be as simple as someone for advice. Depending on the circumstance, you would want to ask different people. If I was in a situation that involved school, I would most likely ask my teacher. All of these situations that you have will also have a match to it for example, If your struggling to loose weight, you would probably ask your doctor for some advice, If you needed extra practice with a sports, you would ask your coach. These examples all add up. They all require just a little bit of help.

To sum everything up, I feel like asking for advice in many different ways can really help you out when trying to an answer to something. Hopefully now you can take some of the ways that I expressed, and use them in every day life. Another thing to remember is that a person or whatever your using to get advice can make an impact on your choice, whether its in a good or bad way. The last thing I have to say is to remember to not let another person decide your outcome unless you feel confident about their answer.