My principal has decided that all students need to do a extracurricular activity what do you think? When I was little kid I probably would agree with this statement. But now I know how import sending time with your family is. My principal said that all student need to a extracurricular activity I disagree because: people need time to take breaks after school, they are miss out on hanging with there family,and kids need time to do there home work.

kids need time for taking breaks because they could just had just toke a sol and making someone do a sport after they just had a sol is not right. Also people might of got made fun so they need time to clam down. So they don't get mad at everyone. Also they might of just toke a test so they need time to take nap or chill. Also I know that taking breaks are important because I got made fun of a lot and taking breaks after help me some much that if I didn't I probably would hit him back.

People need time to hang out with there family because it is very important, also because the sad fact is that will not always be there. So they need to send as much time as they can with them. Also some kids don't get to see there mom or dad that much because they always at work or never home. Also they need time to tell there family about what happen at school so, if some thing bad happen they can tell the principal about it. Also some kids have never seen there real parents so they need to send as much time with the patents they have.

If we have to do sports everyday that means they don't have any time to do there homework, so that means they will probably get a bad grade on it. Also some teacher give out tons of home work they are do the next day. Also if they get a project for homework they have to finish it the day they go it. Also they some teacher give the kids no time to work on it at school,so there only time to work on is at home. But they can't if they have to a extracurricular activity.

My principal said that all student need to a extracurricular activity I disagree because: people need time to take breaks after school, they are also miss out on time with there family,and kids need time to do there home work. People need time to to take a break because they might of just got made fun when they were at school so they need to clam down so they don't hit anybody. Also send time with your family is very important because the sad fact is that they will not always be there for you,so we need to send as much time as we can with them. Also they need time to do there home work,because some teacher give them a lot,and make it due the next day. So that is why I disagree with making us do a extracurricular activity after school everyday.