Driverless cars often seem like an abstract achievement that man has made that allows for drivers to be reckless and lazy. Many people believe that when a crisis may occur, people will be too lazy to take control of the situation and avoid tragedy, resulting in injury or even death. Or, they can even argue that driverless cars may seem like the world will begin to rely on technology. But, this is not the case. Driverless cars will hold a positive effect on the upcoming future because the cars could make up a very flexible bus or taxi system, only use half of the fuel that is used today, and allow far better response and control than a human driver.

If in the future there are driverless and self-managing bus systems, there will be much less need or demand for every person to have their own car and this could save many families a lot of money. Buying cars can be a very tough ordeal for families that have a hard time affording the lives that they live, and by creating a standard bus system, there will be less of a hassle for these families. Also, if the bus and taxi systems are standardized, the busses will all come and depart on a schedule, causing the busses to be more on time and more efficient than having humans drive.

Secondly, if there were a large increase in the stadard bus and taxi systems, the usage of gas and oil will drop substantially. Again, this wold help to eliminate one of the pesky bills many families have to pay for but through standard bus and taxi systems, paying for fuel will no longer be a hassle. Also, it is common knowledge that oil and gas are not reusable or nonrenewable resources so by cutting back on the amounts of these resources that are used, there will be a much more stable supply of these resources. Additionally, burning oil and gas has been causing terrible problems for global warming and climate change so by reducing the amounts of these resources used, the climbing rates of global warming will begin to decrease and this problem will then be a thing of the past.

Lastly, due to all of the technology and research put in to these cars to make them as smart as they truly are, these cars are more able or better suited for life on the road compared to a normal person. In order to make the cars able to drive by themselves (with the slight help of a person) they needed sensors that could determine where it was safe to go and when there was danger ahead. As stated in the passage, "Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers". When faced with a dangerous situation, these cars have the ability to quickly fix itself and avert from any danger or hazard there was. Because the driverless cars are adapted with this information, it is said that, "The information from sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone". In a time of a crisis or need for diversion, driverless cars are much more suited to take on the situation than cars driven by humans. Driverless cars have features that regular cars cannot manage such as the ability to brake each wheel indiviually. No human could ever be so perfectly ready or able to take on a dangerous situation that they could control each wheel. So, by having technology drive the cars instead of humans, it is considerably safer for the passenegers in the vehicle.

In conclusion, not only is it more intersting to say that there is a car that can self-drive itself, these cars are safer, more efficient, and are more able to create a system similar to taxes or busses. It helps the environment, it helps the needing families, and it helps in the case of a dangerous situation.