My name is John Doe and I am for the development these cars. I believe that the development of the cars will help out later in time. Wether that be saving peoples lives or saving gas money and helping out the economy in the long road developemnet of these cars is a neccessity. Also it will lower the amount of labor for using oil and help out with saving the worlds minerals.

Some of the reason why we should develop these cars in such way is to limit crashes in the united states and other countries and also it contributes to everyday people getting to work and home quicker and safer. Another reason we should develop cars are also to keep poeple safe and out of harms way even if they are a defensive driver, they still can't help if a drunk driver crashes into their car and kills them or someone else in the car with you. To add on the cars also make it to were every one is safe when in the future we will have so much technology humans will be safe from crashes. Even in todays world we cannot stop and say time out right before a crash is about to occur. WIth all the technology now it only helps prevent you the driver from stopping with warnings but what about the other driver or what if you ignore the warning and think it's something else.

There are a bunch of what if's in the technology field right now that only time will tell if some of these new car manufactures new equipment will work out in the cars. Such as vibrating seats used by GMC and aslo a vibrating wheel that is then nottifacted when a driver is falling asleep. Also other manufactures have been adding front and rear cameras for drivers to look at when backing out,

also motion sensors that make sounds when an object is closing in on your car.

Too conclude my essay I would like to say that in the future I would like to see less oil used and futuristic cars made for safer transportation, and I would love to see fewer deaths than 100 in a year of car transportation deaths. That there would make news that the new future cars have really saved lives wether that be safer protection or transportation. 