The author suggests that Venus would be a worth-while investment, thus might bring in interesting facts about our Sister Planet. Hence NASA and our government will make a lot of money for bringing in crucial information about Venus. From here on in there will be many facts on why exploring Venus will be a worth-while investment.

Venus, also known as the "Evening Star", since it is so easy to see at night, and our "Sister Planet", is a very difficult place to study. The size of Venus is why it is known as our Sister Planet, it has almost the same density, mass, and size of Earth. But on the contrast, its atmosphere is very different from ours. The atmosphere on the planet has many storms that are highly electrical ,hence, lightning can strike a craft out of the sky. And the atmosphere is made up of 97% carbon dioxide. The blankets of carbon dioxide make it hard to see into the planet. The clouds of carbon dioxide on the planet are highly corrosive because of sulfuric acid. Any craft made of any type of metal will melt in about roughly 2-3 days depending on the size of the craft. The Atmospheric pressure on the planet is about 90 times greater than we experience on Earth. The temperature on the ground averages over 800 degrees Farenheit.

But NASA has developed an idea that might truely get humans close to Venus to be able to study it. NASA says that they could send a craft to float or hover about 30 or so miles above the surface to escape the harsh Venusian storms and landscape. At thirty miles above the surface it would be around 170 degrees Farenheit and the pressure that high would be somewhat like sea level here on Earth. Solar power would also be beneficial for power and radiation would not exceed what we experience on Earth. But because of the dense clouds not letting most light forms into the inner atmosphere it would hinder insight of the surface. Thus rendering the photography and videography unavailable. They plan to use mechanical computers that run because of gears and levers and would not require electronics. These forms of computers were used during World War II because they did not require electricity and how they are capable of withstanding much punishment from harsh conditions.

This concludes how it would be a worth-while pursuit to study Venus, and how NASA will help with the studying of our Sister Planet. 