If you ever need advice you will sometimes talk to more than one person. When ask other people for their opinions so you may not be getting the best answers on what to do. Asking people for their opinions is a way to make a better chose because you can get opinions from other people, if someone already experienced the situation and ask people how they would handle it.

You can get opinions from other people. Let say your in a bad situation and you dont know how to handle it just ask someone and they will try to help. Because they will tell you something you need to hear in the long run. When you talk about something that your going through with others you can have a better out come i your situation. If you ever need a opinion on something you can always turn to your family because the will be honest with you and lead you down the right track. Also you can turn to a friend as well they will try to help to.

Next if someone already experienced something. If your going through something and you know people that have been through something just ask them about it because they already have been through it. If you know someone already been through it that would be a good person to ask there opinions or how to handle it. But if you dont know how to handle a situation it is important to talk to someone about it. When you know a lot of people that have gone through the same thing you have that even better because they all will will try to help you just look for them and ask for people and they will try their best to help.

last thing you can do is ask someone how they would handle it. When your are going through something and dont know how to handle it ask someone how would they if they were in your situation. When they tell you how to handle it you can do as you wish to handle it. Also if you dont like how someone told you to handle it you can always ask some other people make sure to always asking more than one person that is important. because people will always try to help but sometimes the advice they are giving is bad thats why you ask more than one person because when you do you will figure out how to handle a situation better when you are looking for advice ask more than one person. when you ask other people for their opinions they may not give they best advice so be prepared. asking people for their opinions is a way to make a better chose because you can get opinions from other people, if someone already experienced the situation and ask people how they would handle it.