The principal is making the kids stay after, good or bad? Extracurricular activities can benefit many students in many ways. Not all students play sports or participate in any activity which requires interaction with peers outside of school. Many students at many schools are obese because of matters like this, playing an after school sport may benefit them, and many other students may discover a hobby or sport that they excel at or are interested in. I agree with the principal for making every student stay after and participate in extracurricular activities because it gives students a chance to make new friends, stay active, and help develop social skills.

Staying after school can help every student with making friends. Playing sports usually requires students to be on a team, and a team requires teamwork. To establish a good foundation for teamwork students need to know the members of their team, this will result in making friends. Making friends can help many students with many things. Students that suffer from depression can largely benefit from making friends as they will find people who will help their self-esteem and make them feel a lot better. Students that may have no real friends or people that they talk to on a daily basis can largely benefit from playing sports or being in a group that requires collaboration, such as yearbook or student council.

Participating in extracurricular activities can also benefit by keeping students in shape and by helping them stay active. Many students in many schools all over the world are overweight or even obese. participating in a sport after school on a daily basis can help students with such conditions. Participating in a sport can help students feel better about themselves and help them lose unwanted weight or attention. I can speak from experience because I used to be overweight and after playing a lot of sports and staying active I now not only play sports to be active, but because its refreshing and fun. Many students can benefit from an extracurricular sport as I did.

Staying after school also has the possibility of helping students with social skills. There aren't many things that students can do after school that don't require them to be social, communicate, or interact with their peers. Many sports that schools have to offer require for students to be on a team. Any club that students participate in requires them to be in a group or session that requires them to interact with the group to get their part done. Lastly, any council they want to join requires them to communicate with not only peers but teachers and faculty as well.

Overall, I agree the principal requiring students to stay after school to participate in any activity. Whether it's football or basketball that needs for students to stay active, or student coucil or year book club that requires them to interact with other peers to get anything done. These activities can benefit every students in multiple ways that help them with many life skills. Extracurricular activities are indeed very beneficial, and the principal has my vote to enforce this rule. 