Phones are driving are a bad combo

Phones should not be used while driving because of death, damages, and injuries to other people. Driving with phones has increased over the years.

More accidents in cars can be caused by texting. In my opinion, I hugely think it should be illegal. In the next paragraphs, I'm going to explain my reasons fully. Each of these reasons is the main reasons why it should be stopped. If we do control this, it could make fewer accidents happen.

Phones and driving are a huge part of deaths today. Many people are dying because they get distracted. Mostly teens are dying from texting and driving. Crashes happen a lot from being on the phone. They happen more commonly than people think they do. These are common because everyone is big on technology. This texting and driving issue is a huge problem.

Damages are done when people text and drive. When crashes are caused by this, it causes damages around. Your car can be badly damaged after wrecking which is a lot of money. It could even cause damage to other buildings or other government places. Damages from wrecks can cause a lot of money expenses.

Being on your phone should never happen because it causes a lot of problems. Damages to buildings, cars, and other cars are all too much just to send a text or something.

When people drive and text it can injure other people. You could swerve and hit some other people. You can hit other cars injuring another person in the car. You can crash and injure someone in the car with you. When you crash you are most likely to hurt someone when crashing. People shouldn't have to worry about getting into a crash because of other people wanting to text.

I highly think texting and driving should definitely be illegal. There should be consequences for people who do it. Texting and driving is a huge cause of death lately. It may not be the main reason but its too common.

These issues cause a lot of problems and not even deaths. For example, stated in the other paragraphs death, damages, and injuries to others are big problems too. This should definitely be fixed and there wouldn't be so many deaths from it.       