Driverless cars have been something that movies and tv has shown throughout the years. Wouldn't having driverless cars be a great addition to the society and the world around us? Having these cars could bring many positive effects, and could even cause less crashes, helping the death rate lower. Driverless cars could reduce speeding, crashes, and they could also even advance in computer software, making driverless cars more safe than having a human driver driving. Driverless cars should be developed in the near future.

Driverless cars could reduce speeding, and wrecks. According to the article, "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash." Also, "Manufacturers are considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road, the car watches the driver." These cars could keep us safe. By using this technology, we should not be scared to get in the car, and be distracted by our phone.

Another thing driverless cars could do is reduce the amount of deaths from drunk driving. If a driverless car could drive someone who is not sober, wouldn't that be safer than having someone who is not sober on the road driving. How many deaths are caused every year from drunk driving? Well, having these driverless cars could reduce that problem.

In addition, technology is arising in the world today. According to the article, "In the 1980's, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creaation of antilock brakes. Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out- of- control skids or rollovers." Also, "In 2013, BMW announced the developement of "Traffic Jam

Assistant". The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25mph." "The cars can steer, accelerate and even brake on themselves." If the technology has come this far today, wouldn't the technology advance in the future, but better?

Some people might disagree and say "Why would we want a driverless car if its not completely driverless?" Well, with the technology going at the rate it is today, it wont be a problem in the future. Also, in paragraph 7 it says, "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." This shows, that the car can drive by itself, but to keep everyone safe, it uses precautions, and had the driver help out with making simple duties. "It is a safety feature, and safety is a big concern."

In conclusion, driverless cars should be developed in the near future. They can help reduce the amount of wrecks, lower the death rate, and they can be a fun, new addition to the world today. These cars have many positives, and should be allowed to be distributed by manufacturers. Having these cars just means having a safer world today."      