Cars are one of the most important reason why global warming exists and there will be alot of more benefits if thye limited the car usage. Global warming is affecting everyone and is getting worst every single day and we have to do something now before is to late. Cars in cities like Los Angeles they are a problem becuase they are alot more cars then people. Citizens should limit the usage of cars because people will survive without cars and driving causes pollution to Earth.

Germany uses suburb to reduce the car usage and make more people walk or use bicycles to go where they want to go. Vauban's streets are completely car free except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown Freibrug runs, and a few streets on one edge of the community. As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. I'm much happier this way, said Heidrum walter, as she walked verdant streets. Vauban, completed in 2006, is an example of a growing trend in Europe, the United States  and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use. Passengers cars ar e responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the United States. In the Unite States, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting car reduced communities, and legislators are starting to act. People can do just as good without cars.

Paris bans car drivers due to the smog an pollution that the cars cause. On monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22 euro fine ($31). THe same would apply to odd numbered plates the following day. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impouded for their reaction to the fine. Congestion wasa down 60 percent in the capital of france, after five days of intensifying smog. The smog cleared enough Monday for ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd numbered plates on tuesday. President Obama's ambitious goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emissions, recent studies suggest thta Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as year goe by.

In conclusion, people can live their normal life without cars and this will help the ecosystem that is getting affected every single day. Alot of places are banning cars to help reduce the green house problem. Government should build more car free communities because citizens like the idea and its helping Earth. Citizens should limit the car usage to help the Earth.    