Schools preach to always have the students best interest at heart, which they demonstrate on a daily. A way for schools to best show they care for their students personal lives is by providing the option of distance learning for those unable to attend school. Distance learning, the chance to take their studies wherever they go to ensure they are always learning and receiving their proper education, would improve the lives of many. A program like this would be the beneficial for the students who have struggled with having to place school on pause to deal with a life crisis. All universities and schools should work to implement this option for their students. Although some may believe otherwise, distance learning should be offered because it accommodates all of students varying situations and is available in easy access to all.

The first reason that distance learning should be offered is that it accommodates all of the students varying situations. Famous social media influencer Annie Leblanc opted to take distance learning after leaving her home state, Maryland, in order to travel to Los Angeles,California in order to work on her acting career. Annie, known for her family YouTube channel Bratayley, chose to embark on the journey of acting, and although she was successful booking a main lead role in the Brat series Chicken Girls, she was determined to also complete her high school education. The compromise that she was offered was online schooling or distance learning where she was able to complete her courses from across the country at any time of day, especially while on break on set. Another person who opted for distance learning when they were unable to attend school, is my twenty-two year old cousin Generic_Name who, through using Generic_School's online graduate program, earned her masters in Psychology. My cousin has always been a studious person who worked hard in school to always improve her education, and after graduating in the winter of 2018, decided she wanted to continue her studies by earning her masters degree. However, at the time she was a a full-time employee at the company Constellis where she worked a nine-to-five. She knew that actually attending classes on campus would be difficult to incorporate into her schedule, so when introduced to the option of online schooling, she was beyond delighted to be given the opportunity to complete her education in the way that best accommodated her situation. Giving students the opportunity to chose distance learning at times where life throws them a curve ball is beneficial for it helps the student to benefit from their time.

Distance learning being at easy access to all students is the next reason for why it should be offered. One of the requirements of graduation that a student must meet at Generic_School is completing a personal finance course at some point in their high school career. In order to meet my requirement I chose to complete the course online during the summer while I visited my grandmother in Generic_City. Being able to take the course online was ideal for me because I was able to work on it at anytime I desired, for I always had an accessible device on hand that I would take out whenever I had time to spare on the course. Distance learning was not only beneficial to me on those hot summer days, but also in the case of a harsh winter storm that led to an extended period of closed school. Since the Generic_School, the school I attended while living in Generic_City, chose to change their curriculum to it being offered via an electronic device, my homeroom teacher, Generic_Name, was able to continue our lessons easily during the three week long break due to the harsh snowstorm. Each student was able to access the the proper programs at home where they completed the assignments from the comfort of their beds. When it was time to return to school, the distance learning helped keep us on schedule, and we ready to continue from where the online classes left off. Distance learning is equally beneficial for the teachers as it is for the students because it can be offered in response to a situation occurring that is unplanned for.

Arguers of this debate would say that distance learning should not be offered to students because it would be easy for a student to become unmotivated if not put in a classroom where ones teacher is continuously monitoring their work. While this is understandable because the students would be in the comforts of their home rather than in a school building, and would be required to complete assignments that they otherwise would not if not forced to, this argument is false. Students would still chose to complete their assignments and meet the deadlines, for the work that they are completing would still be a grade. Personally, when I was required to complete my online personal finance course, I remained motivated and dedicated to earning high marks. What I understood from my situation was that this online course would be a test of my success, and I took it just as seriously as I would if I was completing the course at my base school. Students would be just as motivated, if not more, to complete their distance learning, for they would be given the chance to complete the course on their own time in a comfortable environment to them.

Distance learning should be a choice to all students for it accommodates their varying situations and is always at easy access to them. Society has evolved immensely throughout the last couple of years to were if a student was required to complete distance learning, because they are unable to attend a normal school, they would be surrounded by all the necessary resources for that to be possible. Students should not loose their right of education because life left them unable to be in attendance at school. Distance leaning would benefit these students greatly, so why would one not offer an alternative solution and help improve their lives if it is possible?