My principle has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity after school. Like a sport, putting the yearbook together or running for student council. But I disagree with that decision, because, some kids have siblings or family members to take care of at home, it takes away from time doing homework and spending with your family, and lastly, we should be able to choose what we do after school, not the school or principle.

The first reason we should'nt have a demanditory after school activity is because some kids have family members or siblings they have to take care of after school because of a illness or their parents work late. My friend from North Carolina has a little sister she takes care of after school because their mom works so late in the evenings. If she would have to do a sport or work on the yearbook, her sister would be home alone after school for about three hours everyday. Which is not good at all, she could get a hold of something shes not supposed to or any other thing to hurt herself. She would also have no one to fix her a snack before her mom gets home.

Next, doing an after school activity takes away time from doing homework or spending time with our family, which we already don't get to do a lot of. School already makes us stress over tests and getting homework or a project turned in on time so doing something extra after school everyday for about three hours is not going to help us at all. It's just going to create more stress for us going to practices for sports, getting everything in on time for the yearbook, or preparing a speech for student council.

Lastly, the school already controls what we do during school. You get a schedule every year telling you where to go at what time for five days a week. We should have the freedom to choose what we do after school. Most kids just want free time to themselves after school, and a lot of adults dont understand that. So giving them free time after school will cut down stress, give them time to think about things for school, and just calm down from having a long, hard day at school.

I disagree with forcing extra curricular activities on my school after classes because some kids have other people than just themselves to take care of after school, it takes time away from their family and homework, and finally because we should be able to choose what we do after school, not our principle. I hope after reading this, you disagree with her too.