"Our actions affect others." This is a phrase that we are told as a kid, and one that will follow us until the day we die. With every decision that someone makes, another person is affected by it. From this quote, I can come to the conclusion that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make the best decision. The quote, followed by the aftermath of talking to other people and a personal experience, support my claim.

In my opinion, talking to other people is, in fact, beneficial. The first reason, for why I believe in this, is that when talking with multiple people, you get multiple viewpoints. As a human, we often get caught up in our own heads while making decisions. Our opinions can be clouded by emotions and we may not know what is truly best for us. With multiple viewpoints, you can get an outside look at what is really going on as well as what position we are in. Another reason as to why talking to several people is beneficial, is that we can make sure that other peoples opinions aren't biased. While talking to one person can help us get out of our bubble, talking to multiple people can help us make sure that we aren't getting misleading information, and that the people in which we are talking to have our best interest at heart. Followed by this, we are able to get ideas and viewpoints that we had never thought of. Talking to other people helps us get out of our comfort zone and into reality. With that information, I can conclude that talking to other people is truly beneficial.

After obtaining the opinions of the people around us, we are left with a bundle of different, and confusing, ideas. Likewise, it is what we do with those ideas that will help us to come to the best decision. The first step in order to clear our head is to compare and contrast the opposing viewpoints. To me, this means organizing and analyzing or thoughts in order to eliminate our clouded judgment

.

After comparing and contrasting, we can then sort out our pros and cons. As a result, we get a clear idea of the effects of our actions and we can come to the best decision. However, another result of talking to other people is that you learn not only how your choice affects you, but the people around you. While this process may seem messy and conflicting, it is, in my opinion, one of the best ways to get to the best decision.

With this knowledge, a person knows the theoretical thought process that one takes to come to a decision. A personal experience, however, is what brings the process to life. One person experience that I've had is one that involved quitting dance. I had been a dancer for the previous nine years, but I had grown tired of it. I had decided that the environment was not suitable for my liking, and that I wanted to take up another extracurricular activity, like volleyball for example. While I had known where I stood, I had chosen to consult with my family and friends before making an impulse decision. My family, without a doubt, wanted me to continue to dance. They had been with me through the sweat, the blood, and the tears. We had countless conversations about what I wanted my future to look like, and to them I was always their little ballerina. With a long conversation about how I was feeling, we could come to an understanding. My friends, who had a similar opinion, wanted what was best for me, and knew that if I wasn't feeling passionate anymore, I should find enjoyment in another activity. With their opinions, I had known that I would have reliable and non-biased viewpoints. I then weighed out my options, and came to the best decision for me.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make the best choice. I believe in this because of the ideas that talking to other people is truly beneficial, the thought process with other people's opinions, and a personal experience. With this, I hope that everyone refrains from making impulse decisions, and that everyone seeks other opinions before making a decision. 