Have you ever just been sitting at the dinner table not knowing what to get. That is why I think it is good to get multiple peoples opinion. There are pros and cons to both sides, but there are more pros in getting more opinions from people. I think this, because the advice is more stable. You will get more opinions which will make it better advice. You also will have more options to chose from. If your dad, mom, and sister all say different stuff, you will have more options. You will feel better with your answer. Your mom and dad could give you the same advice, but then your three sisters gives you other advice. You would go with your sisters advice because more people think you should do that.

You also will get different opinions, which never hurts. Your dad could say something that you think is good advice but its not the best. Then your mom could give you some great advice and you would be so happy! If you only asked your dad you would not have gotten the great advice you got from your mom.

Before I get into my reasons, you could say that the person that knows you best is you so you should make you decisions. Which is true, but your parents and sisters know what is good for you as well. That is why if you dont know weather to get one thing or another thing and you like both of them. Ask your parents, your sisters, and your friends because they can help you make a difficult decision. If you just did what you thought was right you would get in a lot of trouble. If you did nor know if you should get a cookie or ice cream, and you got both your parents would get mad.

First of all, your advice will be more stable. What I mean is you people could say different things The first person you ask could say something different then what the second person says. Then you could take both of their advice. For example, if your dad told you will will like the hot dog at a restaurant. Then you mom says you will like the chili and to to get chili. If you like both the options you could get a chili dog. Then your advice will be more stable because you like both the options. Also if you were to only take your dads advice then you would still be happy, but not as happy if you were to get the chili dog.

Second, You will have more options. You could ask for advice to what appetizer you should get. you would be thinking between the bread sticks and the soup. You ask your mom and she say buffalo wings. Now this could be a bad thing because now the decision is even harder. But it gives you the option to pick buffalo wings which you did not see on the menu. Another example is if you wanted to hang out with some of your friends over the four day weekend, and you know you are free Saturday, If you ask your mom and she says your also free Monday you guys can hang out for two days instead of just one.

Next, you will be more confident with your answer . What I mean is if you are making a hard decision about whether or not you should continue with swim, and your sister, mom ,and dad say you should continue you with swim, but you other two sisters say that you should quit. You will say you will continue with swim and have confidence with the decision you picked because you picked what everyone else thought was right and ,just as important, what you though was right. Then you will go into swim practice knowing that you made the right decision.

Finally, You will have more opinions. If you ask what dessert should I get, and your dad says none. You wont be happy with you answer. If you dont ask anymore people then you will leave the restaurant unhappy because you had no desert. If you ask you mom after your dad, and she say key lime pie and you get if you will be so happy. You will eat the key lime pie and have a great night.

That is why I think it is important to get more opinions. The advice is more stable, You will feel better with your answer, and you will get more options, and more opinions. So the next time you go to your favorite restaurant and you dont know what to get. Dont be scared to ask you family. It will help you know what to get and you will have a great night with the family.     