Imagine you are a student at a school which offers you two extracurricular activities, a gaming club and a football club. You don't like either since you are not good at sports and you don't know how to play video games, but you are forced to do one anyway! The principal of a school has decided that all students have to at least do one extracurricular activity. I however, disagree with forcing students to do an extracurricular activity because it can be a distraction from their homework and study, not fun, and in some cases can be stressful.

The first reason why I disagree with forcing a student to participate in an extracurricular activity is because it can be a distraction from their work as an average student has to spend an extra 1-2 hours of their sleep doing their homework and projects due to other activities such as chores. With enough jobs to cut hours out of their sleep, it does not make any sense to expect students to have to do extra work since most extracurricular activities want or expect work of its session. It just doesn't make any sense for a student who doesn't want to join an extracurricular activity to be forced to join and do extra work there.

The next reason to why I disagree with forcing students to participate in an extracurricular activity is because it can be not fun nor entertaining to a student. Why a student doesn't join an extracurricular activity in the first place is because he/she does not find the activities fun. Being force to participate in an activity a student doesn't find fun to replace it with the time they could be doing something they enjoy just doesn't sound right as students should be able to enjoy what they like doing the most. The principal when proposing the idea of forcing students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity must only have assumed that all students find the extracurricular activities provided is interesting although there are many who do not find the activities interesting.

The final reason why I disagree with forcing students to participate in an extracurricular activity is because it can cause stress. Extracurricular activities can add more work to a student's life which can therefore, invoke stress. Many students already have problems trying to establish their sleep schedule because of an overwhelming amount of school work. With an extracurricular activity that demands a lot of attention, it will be definitely stressful. The principal has yet again clearly not take a moment of forethought when deciding about this course of action, especially for the students working hard to meet grade requirements and studying for exams and Sols.

I disagree with forcing students to do an extracurricular activity because it can be a distraction from their homework and study, not fun, and in some cases can be stressful. Extracurricular activities can be a distraction from a student's already homework-filled schedule, take over time for students to be doing what they find fun, and be very stressful especially for those already doing an activity that is very time consuming. There is indeed a lot of students who finds extracurricular activities fun and easy but the voices of the people who finds extracurricular activities hard and time consuming is important and should be heard too, therefore, we shouldn't force students who don't want to participate in extracurricular activities to do so.