Limiting the usage of car's would have many good outcomes. There would be less polution in our air, it would lower the usage of our fossil fuels and People would live heathier lives without all the smog in the air to cause illnesses.

If all areas of the united states banned or limited the vehile uses here it could greatly reduce the polution in our air. Which would in a long term result cause for better health conditions in people, but we'd sooner realize better health in young childern and the elderly. We would all have cleaner safer air to breath. But it would also help with the enviroment, the number of plants an animals harmed by polution would begin to decrease until the was just a fraction of the amount there is in this time now.

Also limiting the usage of cars will lower our use an burning of precious fossil fuels that once we use them up they are gone. Which this would also save us mass amounts of money that we we could use to keep this country out of debt. Limiting the use of cars will also stop us from having to get our fosssil fuel (oil) from other countries an having debts and money issues with all these other contries. We need to realixe that the usage of fossil fuels all these cars we have is draining our planet which is our home, what are we going to do when its a waste land after we suck all its nature fossil fuels an resources out of it.

Lastly the limiting of cars in the united astates would eventually cause for better health conditions in everyone but we'd sooner realize it in young childern an elderly adults. They wouldn't have such hard times breathing that they do have now causes by all of the polution in our air now. It would take some time but eventaully we'd have cleaner fresher air to breath and this would help decrease the amount of smog an decrease the amount of people with respatory health issues.

These are all things we need to be thinking about when we go into a discussion of limiting car usage these are not the only reasons there are many many more that can be used to help push the movement of limited car use.    