Many kids that attend school today have school work that they have to do online, with everything moving toward the internet their is not that many things students around the globe still do that is paper copy. Their is many pros and cons when attending class online from home. I think that it would be more beneficial attending class from school instead of taking it from home.

While taking online classes their will be things you don't understand but since you dont have the guides you need to problem solve. You have to continue without understand the concept , but if you were attending the class you could ask the teacher for assents to explain something to help you understand what it is you have to do. One of the class it would be beneficial is in math. With attending the class it would be easier to ask for help since there is many ways you can solve problem in math. But with attending it from home you would have to watch the video over again hoping you would you understand the way their teaching it.

Another way attending the class is more beneficial than taking it online is if your taking a class that involves a lot of hands on and physical work you will not see how it feels to really do something. Instead you will have simulations of activities ,but with attending you would have the real experiments from doing it in person. While doing online classes the videos that you have to watch may not be everything you might see while learning. For example welding with welding it is best that you attend that class because it is a lot of thing you will go thought.

Finally attending classes would be more beneficial because you get to have human interaction with other people instead, of watching videos you can learn thing that you may not learn from the videos. With online class you don't get to see other peoples point of view and see how they may enter pt things differently. Also with attending class your have some their to watch and help you strive to complete your working instead of you moving slow never completing work.

While taking online course has you moving at your own pace it lacks you getting the extra help you may need when working. Therefore thats why I find attending the class more beneficial than taking online classes.