Having your phone while driving, has been the topic of this generation for a very long time now. Some people feel like we are supposed to have our cellphones while driving, and others feel like we aren't supposed to have our cellphones while driving. I'm one of those who are in favor of us NOT having our cellphones while driving. Let me tell you why, once you use your phone while on the road, you are going to lose focus of what's on the road, and then you have become very distracted. Distracted driving is one of the biggest causes of car accidents today.

We are so interested in our cell phones, that we feel like everything we do, we have to have our phone with us. It's like now we can't live without the phone. So therefore, I don't think drivers should be able to use a cellphone while driving. You are putting your own life and others at risk when you pick up your cellphone while driving. Once you pick up the cellphone, you become distracted. Your focus isn't on the road anymore, it's on your cell phone. So you don't know what's in front of you. Also, you set a bad example for children when you use your phone while driving. They will get into a car and think it's okay to use their phone while driving. Then this big problem won't be stopped.

If a driver gets into a car accident, and they realize it's distracted driving, that driver can possibly be charged for murder. Even if they didn't try to intentionally kill the other driver. They still will get charged for murder. Also, many people are addicted to the phones today. So maybe if we could put our phones down when driving, we might be able to put our phone down in other situations. It seems like today, our lives revolve around the phone. We feel like we need it doing everything, so maybe putting it down while we are driving will help us put it down more often.

Now some people may say, "Talking on the phone while driving isn't bad". It seems like to you, that you aren't as distracted when driving, but in reality, you still are distracted even when just talking on the phone. You could simply hook up your phone to your car, to solve that problem. Even when just talking, you still have to answer and decline the phone. During that time you still have to look at your phone, and once again you become distracted. So talking on the phone while driving, is bad.

In conclusion, drivers shouldn't be able to use their cell phones while driving. Even if it's just talking on the phone. They shouldn't be able to use a phone while driving. Using the phone while driving causes distracted drivers. Which cause a lot of accidents and deaths. Not using the phone while driving will also help with the problem of constantly using cellphones. So, drivers shouldn't be able to use their phones while driving.   