This is why seeking more opinions for advice is better. Seeking advice from one person is OK, but seeking from multiple is better why do I say this? Well because, seeking from multiple people gives you a range of ideas, the people you might ask for advice has different personalities, different concepts, and a lot of different personal thoughts. If all the people you asked for advice, gives you mainly the exact same advice as everyone else, then that might mean its a good idea and good concept. The first person you ask might also say ask more people for their opinions, if theirs dont suit you well. You could also group up with people and debate on their opinions, they might even find a better opinion because of the debating. Asking more than one person can allow you to write about each of their opinions, you can ask different people which one sounds better for a good thought. With all the opinions you got from those people, you could now maybe write about all of them, and make it interesting for the reader.

Say you need just a little help and it doesnt half to be professional, you could then ask your family and friends for their opinions and ideas. Asking many of people for advice, will show your friends and family, or just people around you that its a good choice, it will also inspire them to do the same. It can show your teacher, family, and other students that your a hardworking student, which means that you could teach or show them how or what to do. Maybe you ask multiple people and you still dont get it, you could then try going online and asking people for opinions, or just researching different sites. You could lay out the pros and cons of each idea you have so you can see which one has the most pros, so you can write more about it. Asking many of people tells you if your idea was really alike or was it really different. Say this is you very first essay you writing, them you need a good opinion so you can start your career off good. More opinions means a wider selection of ways to form you essay.

To conclude this argument yes asking for more opinions is better. Asking for just one opinion might make you feel incomplete, or that your essay isnt good. The one opinion you got might not be a very suitable one for you, it might to hard to understand, or you just dont like it. It might also make people think you really dont care how good your essay is, or that you just wanna hurry through it and not give good opinions or ideas. This is why asking for more opinions is better. More than one opinion gives you a wider selection, and more things to add to your essay then just one opinion. Like I said, getting more opinions lets you be able to simplify each opinion and find the one with the most pros so you can write a longer essay. Going to other people for more opinions can maybe lead to yall becoming friends, then if either one of yall needs help you could ask each other or, go to many people together for better choices. So yea ask more than one person for a opinion so it can lead to a bright future.