The years go on and knew inventions keep comming out. The facial Action Coding System is a new technology that has scientists have came up with. The tool is used to messure your state of emotions wheather you're happy, sad, worried, or even surprised this tool will say it all. This could be used for many things and i think its a good idea.

This technology can be used in school to show the emotions of students while they are in class. This could help school directors know wheather a teacher is a good teacher or, well not such good teacher. While calculating the expressions of students in the class students should have a excited and calm expression. Of course there will be that 2% bored out of their mind. But i think many kids should be relaxed at school. This will show the teacher that they understand the lesson and they dont need to reteach it. Lets say that almost more than half the kids are stressing and are showing a worried or bored expression on their face this could mean that the teacher is just not doing enough to help teach the kids. The teacher could also ask if the kids understand and most of them stay quite when confused with the lesson because they are scared of being judged. But now the teacher can know to reteach the lesson or move on with the next.

Another way this technology could be used is to show the expression when adds pop up, as the article states when an add that someone doesnt like pops up the next one could be an add that is related to one that is in their interests. in that form you wont see any dumb or just adds you dont need to see. Today in this scociety we use fake emotions just to be nice or so we dont get in trouble but with this technology we can truly understand and know how we humans feel. Many people lie when it comes to crimes this could help cops with their investigation go alot smoother by seeing peoples ex[pression and they could tell if the person is lieing or trying to hide things. It could possibble help end crimes.

I believe this technology can be very helpful in society today. This technology could help kids around the world accomplish many things. It could also help people opinions get out there therefor we could have better things on earth and less bad things. With this invention many things could be done without even saying a word just by your face muscles. who would have thought!      