Driverless cars are too expensive, they're more expensive than a mercedes benz. Having a driverless vechile can have it's positive and negative side because for one the car signals the driver when it's their turn to take over, but can panick the driver, therefore i am against the driverless cars they have too many issues that can appear.

Driverless car can have the driver panick because what if the sound for the driver to know it's their turn goes out? or what if the car breaks down in the middle of the highway during rush hour? things like that can have the buyer second guessing on weather they should buy the car or not. The opposing side would say that, at least the car has sensors that can alert the drivers when backing in and out a driveway oe parking space, or that they keep the drivers alert on the roads when the driver gets to close to another car or too close to the back of the car.

Driverless cars has many ups and downs, they say that they create a sensor to where the driver has to keep hold of the wheel at all times no matter, also that the car can steer and accelerate it's self which makes it hazerdorus because the car can start to malfunction wrong to where the driver don't feel safe or it's holding up traffic. Maufactures wants to put cameras in the cars to make sure that all drivers are staying focused and not getting distracted, that would be invading privacy and other code laws.

Some say that if the was to get into a car accident who would they blame the manufactures or the driver? well, to say they can blame the manufactures because they created a car that drive on it's own and the car can stop or break down whenever and however, but they can also blame the driver because they may never know it could of been the driver lack of attention on the road. That would be the biggest concern for most people, who would be the blame if something was to happen and the driver or anyone gets hurt.

Dr. Wener Huber says that there hoping to bring some kind of fun to the drivers while driving, like a new way of driving with entertainment and a heads up display, but why would anyone want to bring entertainment to the drivers if they have to stay focus on thde road.

Driverless cars are not cheap, so people that are less fortunate to get cars like that has to work really hard or get two jobs to afford the down payment and the car deposit, and the car note.      