Cars are starting to get more and more unpopular, due to enviromental issues, people wanting to get excersise, money, gas, traffic is a problem, I mean there are varieties of reasons why cars are not as  popular as they were a decade ago. These passages have included information of why cars are affecting our society, environment, and health, and why people are loving it. There's only one downside that I see to this and that is getting to your destination in a very short period of time. That's all I can see that is a problem. In this essay I will explain 2 advantages of limiting car usage with support of the articles.

Cars are really affecting our environment, and pollution is a big probelm with our global issues. Cars are exploding tons of diesel fuel and fumes to get into our air, and where does it all go? Well it just sticks around up in the air for us to breathe in, and for trees to die out. This isn't good this really puts an impact on humanity itself and animals. According to article in source 2, it says "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." That is bad, that shows you how much people are driving and affecting the air, first of all just the ammount of pollution that is put into this is crazy, Paris has to ban driving for so much time just to clean a little bit of air. Basically what that is saying is Paris had to do that becuase they knew something bad was gonna happen real fast, so it was smart for them to ban driving, less driving leads to a better environment, and a better environment leads to a better world to live in. That is one of the main things that we should really be opening our eyes about.

Everyone wants to be somewhat healthy, when people get unhealthy they complain, moan, and whine. There's a solution to this, next time you want to go somewhere take a bike, walk, run. Get excerise we live in a nation of complete obesity, and it makes us look bad, America is a place where we need to show the world why we are the greatest nation, and health also plays a role in it. America is acting now becuase in 1 in paragraph 9 it states "In the Unites States, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting car reduced communities" it is already starting and it is a good thing to look forward too.

These 2 explanations of why we should play a role in helping our environment and our health are very important, so my advice to anyone would be, yes you can have a car but don't use it all the time, think about what your doing to yourself and this world when you drive all the time, especially when it's not needed. Just think next time you drive.                                            