Image yourself siting at your desk doing work all day in all of your classes do you know how boring that would be. well thanks to our principal we dont have to do all of that boring work because he has made the decision that all students must have at least one extracurricular activity on there agenda for the school year.

So far we are the only school to embrace this new idea. Now i know some of you probably dont like sports and enjoy reading and writing and all of the other work we do in class. Yes that work is important but being active is also important. Some of you probably think that your not as good as the rest of the kids so you would not be ably to make the team but you should try anyways because you might surprise your self. There is so many sports in the world so if you dont like one or your not good at one then just try another one. Even if you cant find one you like then you could always just invent a new one. It might even become a huge hit and then that could be your job or you could sell the idea off to some big sports company. If i were going to chose or had to chose a sport in would be either basket ball baseball or football because your mostly active all the time in those sports and your always running around. Well maybe football basketball or baseball is not your thing. Maybe you like golfing swimming or even wrestling.

And those are just the sports i cant believe i havent told you that you could be part of the student council. I dont know much about that kind of stuff so i really cant help you there but i recommend that you join that if your not going to take part in any sports. i assume that its like helping out your town or school or like a nursing home or something like that. Or it could be managing your schools activities and events and meetings. I dont really think that would be that much fun but to some people that might be the time of there life. Alright i cant control what you do but i strongly encourage you to join the student council or participate in a sports group.

In conclusion i strongly agree with this principals decision because some kids do nothing after they get out of school.