Some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school. Some people are agree about the distance learning some schools have. Other people think all schools should have the distance learning to take classes at home. People continue discussion about the issue. Some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school because some students do not have transport to go to school, students can decide the time they want to take the classes, and students do not need to go out of their homes in winter time.

One major reason about some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school is that some students do not have transport to go to school. Many people has that problem because they do not know how to drive. Other students do not drive because they do not have legal documents. Some students do not have money to buy their own car. Some students are too young and do not have license to drive. Some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school and students can decide to take the classes at home.

Another major reason about some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school is that students can decide the time they want to take the classes. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because some students have a job. Students can help their mom with their little sibblings to take care of them. Students can also help their mom in housekeeping. Some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school and students can decide the time they want to take the classes.

The last major major reason about some schools offer distance learning for students who live far away from school is that students do not need to out of their homes in winter. Students are benefit because they do not need to go out of their homes to take the classes. Students can stay in their bed to take the classes. When is winter many students got sick when they got out of their homes to go to school. Many students are sensible of their skin and got really dry their skin. Many students got affraid when they go out of their homes when is really cold outside. Some schools offer distance learning from students who live far away from school and students do not need to go out of their home to take the classes.

For these three major reasons all schools should offer distance learning for people who live far away from school. The reasons are some students do not have transport to go to school, students can decide the time they want to take the classes, and students do not need to go out of their homes to take their classes in winter time. All schools should have more opportunities for everyone.                                                                                  