In movies and televison, driverless cars have been featured as an invetntion for the distant future. Automakers have begun to attempt the creation of driverless cars. There have been creations close to the driverless car but not exactly what people have been wanting to create. Driverless cars are a pointless invention idea and should not be developed any further.

Companies should not continue to pursue the driverless car idea any longer. Google has tried since 2009 to make driverless cars and they have been close to making one. The cars that Google has made can, "drive moe than half a milion miles wothout a crash, but so far, Google cars aren't fully driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents". The cars are not fully dirverless if they have to alert the driver to take over driving for a while through traffic. The driverless car should be independent and not need help from the driver on issues like traffic and pulling in and out of driveways. In 2013, BMW created a "Traffic Jam Assistant" but not a driverless car, which is the goal not a car that can only help with traffic. Smart cars have lots of sensors that can help guide divers through difficult jams or passage ways but those sensors cannot function without some help from the driver. The smart cars made by BMW, "steer, accelerate, and breake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires" . Their cars are close to the function of a driverless car but still need more work to be done in order to be able to drive without humans. Since the cars today still have not been developed like the driverless car it is pointless to continue to try. Even though driverless cars can be helpful there are laws that prevent some people from driving them. It is proven that, "in most states it is illegal even to test computer driven cars" . Most states will not allow the testing of let alone the driving of driverless cars. If driving one of those cars is not even allowed, then what is the point of developing the project further? The driverless cars should not be created since barely anyone is allowed to use them. Even if there was a change in traffic laws, "new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident". There need to be new laws covering the case of an accident about whether the blame is on the driver or the manufacturer. These new laws that would be set will take up time and could cause lawsuits. The technology in the car could fail and the someone could be injured and there would be the question of who is at fault. If someones safety is at stake then the car should not be made at all.

The idea of making a driverless car should not be continued. The car is a pointless idea that does not seem to actually work and would fail. There have already been multiple attempts at making this car and all have come close but failed. The project should be ended and automakers should stop wasting their time on this car and focus on the other cars they make. 