Do students have the time before and after school to participate in one or more mandatory extracurricular activities? The life of a student in nearly any grade can be very busy before and after the normal school day. If students are required to participate in these activities, there is a possibility of students becoming overwhelmed due to the added amount of effort put into extracurricular activities. The principal at our school has made the decision that all students participate in one or more extracurricular activities.

Students that already have activities before and/or after school will find it harder to participate in the activities listed by the principal. If conflicts were to occur in ones schedule, by perhaps reducing study time, discombobulating meal times, effecting sleep, conflicting with appointments, etc, the negative effects on a students general academics and personal life could be great. Foresay, a student may have a doctors appointment immediately after school, but also have to attend an important meeting with the student council at the same time. If this were to occur, how would the student respond to either missing the appointment, or missing the meeting? There would be consequences for both since the principal made participating in these extracurricular activities mandatory.

By participating in before and/or after school extracurricular activities, students may feel overwhelmed or stressed out with the workload and effort that must be put into these activities. Along with personal activities, and daily duties they must fulfill, and academic work at home, completing a quota for an extracurricular activity everyday or on a selected day will most likely result in the student feeling constantly overwhelmed. If our principal closes down the activities, or at least listens to the students say in this and changes the concept of these activities to a more efficient manner, then students will most likely switch to a positive outlook on supporting extracurricular activities.

If our principal does not allow students to have a choice in whether or not participating in extracurricular activities is mandatory or not, the results will not be positive for many students in and out of school. In a normal school day, students may have before and after school activities making their lives very busy. With mandatory extracurricular activities added to the already busy lives of students, students may feel overwhelmed and stressed out with the extra work at task. If the principal doesn't do something about this problem soon, many students will be angered and forced to battle with different emotions. Also, no one will likely find any positives with regards to extracurricular activities if everyone has a negative mindset caused by these activities.