In society today kids have to much free time on their hands, and when kids have too much free time they tend to get into trouble. If they took away some of that free time then kids would have less time to get themselves into trouble, and it would also keep them off of technology. I agree that every kid should have at least one extracurricular activity after school.

The extracurricular activities keeps kids engaged and involved in their school community. It keeps them busy and moving around it doesn't leave them time to sit around and get in trouble. With the extracurricular activities kids wouldn't go home and have nothing to do. It also keeps their brain engaged and thinking. Kids would be learning something new and interesting everyday. They could learn a new sport and stay active at the same time. Many kids these days just go home and sit around, that isn't good for their health they need to be moving around at this age. Extracurricular actives could also teach valuable skills and lessons like how to work in a team or how to take responsibility for actions or people. These are very important skills in life,and it is very hard to teach those skills in a classroom but it is a lot easier to do on a sports field or in a extraculiclar activity.

Extracurricular activities could help kids become more social. When you join an extracurricular activity chances are you are in there with some new people that they have never met before. It gives kids a chance to meet new people their age and become friends with them. It could also help the kids that are less social or shy become more social. These kids have a hard time talking to other people and if they are given the chances to meet people and talk to them on a regular basses then hopefully they will become less shy and more social. It can also give these kids something to talk about to others. Like how their team is doing or how they like their activities. It also can help kids get over fears. Maybe a kid has stage fright and they try out for theater and the excel at it and get over the fear of stage fright. Or a kid has a fear of public speaking and they try out for the debate team and that helps the get over that fear.

It could also help kids figure out what their strengths and weaknesses are maybe they go into a sport and find out that they are really good at being a leader. That could possibly open their eyes later on down the road when they are picking their career choice or singing up for collages.

Most importantly it keeps kids out of trouble. With an extracurricular activity right after school kids can't sneak off after school and go get into trouble with their friends. Their going to be held accountable to go to their after school activity and not be late to it. This will help them develop responsablitty.

With out extraculiclar activity some kids just go home and get on technology and don't do anything. But with an activity after school it would get them moving around and not sitting on the couch all day.

An extracurricular activity would also help kids get off their phone and social media. This would also help with kids not getting in trouble on social media because the extraculirrclar activities would be phone free and the more time we get kids off of their phones the less likely they're going to get in trouble on them.

There are a lot of positives to having extraculliclar activities after school. It would help kids in a numerous amount of ways like not getting into trouble, getting off of technology,being more social, becoming more active and healthy,and becoming more engaged. 