Dear State Senator, we should not keep the Electoral College. I'm in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. The electoral college is unfair. It's outdated and irrational. Many people prefer election by popular votes. Voters should be satisfied with their vote diectly towards the president. They shouldn't have to be upset if they choose candidates and those candidates choose someone else as president.

One of my reasons is because under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for the slate of electors, who in turn elect for the president. The electors can be anyone not holding public office. Depending on the state, the electors are picked by state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, and sometimes the presedential candidates themselves. The electoral college isn't the best way to handle elections because it is the electors who elect the president, not the people, which to me sounds unfair. Voters can't always control who their electors will vote for and voters do get confused sometimes about the electors. So if you really agreed on one president, chances are that might not be the president who's gonna be elected because the electors can choose the other person running for president instead.

The electoral colllege is unfair. The electoral college consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 elector votes is required to elect the president. Richard Nixo, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on abolishing the electoral act. According to a Gallup poll in 2000, over sixty percent of voter would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. Voters don't want the popular vote winner to lose the presidency but because of the electoral college it can happen. When you vote for a presidential candidate you are actually voting for a slate of electors.

Lets say that the state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors. Those electors can always defy the will of the people. Faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whoever they pleased. Why on earth would they do such a thing. They should care about what voters believe in. In 1960, people who favored seperation based on race in the Louisiana legislature nearly actually succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors so that they would oppose John F. Kennedy. This means the popular votes would not have actually gone to Kennedy. That is not fair. Candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. They focus only on the tight races in the "swing" states.

State Senator, I'm in favor of changing to election by popular votes because it's fair. The electoral college should stay in the past and should'nt be used anymore. The best way is for the election by popular votes. Voters should be satisfied with their vote directly towards the president. Electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and decided to vote for whoever they wanted. Selfish much? People shouldn't have to be upset if they choose candidates and those candidates choose someone else as president. These electors should consider what the people want. I believe Elections by popular votes for president of the united states is the best option.    