Have you ever put on an outfit, or wanted to try a new food? Have you ever asked more than one persons advice on that outfit your wearing and ask if it looks good, or even asked for someones opinion on what new foods you could try? Seeking multiple opinions on a topic can help benefit your decision in the long run and can help protect and keep the world around you safe. Multiple opinions can help better people, because they can keep someone out of trouble, many opinions can boost self esteem, they can also help keep people from hurting the environment.

Asking for multiple opinions can help better your decision making and can help you stay out of trouble. Many people today don't ask for peoples advice when they are about to commit a crime or put someone in serious danger. If criminals today were to ask for peoples opinions on whether or not he or she should rob a bank, the rate of crime would decrease rapidly. If there are arguments at school and someone asks for peoples opinions on if they should get into a fight with another person, those friends would suggest a better alternative to the situation, so that no one gets hurt.

A lot of students today have a hard time boosting their self esteem to a point where they feel good about themselves. Everyday for school student's want to look "perfect" so that no one says anything about them. But it's better to get other peoples advice because you don't always need a "perfect" outfit everyday for school. If students were to give their advice to fellow students on how they look in the morning, their responses will be so heart lifting that the student seeking those opinions will have so much confidence to help them get through their everyday lives.

Some students after school like to hangout together. They like to go to the park, or the movies, or even just hangout in someones backyard. But sometimes, students can be very harsh to the environment. When students carry around trash with them or cans from drinking some type of beverage, they don't ask other people for their opinions on if they think it's okay for them to just throw it in the grass. Students don't realize that throwing away waste in the grass, and trees and not in the garbage, and recycling cans, can damage our wilderness. It is better for students to ask for many peoples opinions on where to throw away their waste, because in the long run the environment will be around a lot longer for us.

It is better for people to ask for many other opinions on something, because if that one person just thinks for him or herself and does not seek other peoples advice, then his or her decision may affect many people. It is also important to hear other peoples opinions, because the world around us is being affected because of the choices we make as individuals. So seeking further opinions other than your own can help our world and environment stay healthy and last longer.