If you had to make a choice between going to school or attending class from home, which would you choose? As time passes, this question will continue to be asked to students more and more. The number of students that have begun learning from home keeps increasing. Will we abandon our established educational system in search of a better one? Everyone has their own thoughts and opinions regarding this matter, but who is correct? One thing is for certain, no one knows what will happen. But, based on the facts that are available right now, we can assume that attending classes from home is very beneficial. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be able to work at their own pace and it would lead to an improved sleep schedule.

A benefit of being able to attend classes from home is that it enables students to be able to work at their own pace. For students who understand new concepts relatively fast, there would no longer be a reason to endure the hassle of having to wait for fellow classmates to catch up. Students who need more time would be able to learn at their own pace without having other students make them feel bad for taking too long. Allowing students to work at their own pace could also lead to a decrease in the possibility to lose focus. When students are put into a classroom with other students, who work at a completely different pace, it can get difficult. Having to constantly put a stop to your learning or having no time to take a mental break because you are behind can make students lose focus. Learning from home provides students with the opportunity to take breaks and to be more focused. Being more focus is something very positive that could easily be improved by doing things like having a good sleeping schedule.

Having a better sleep schedule is another benefit of attending classes from home. A better sleep schedule is extremely beneficial to students. Not having to wake up early to go to school would allow students to sleep more. It is common knowledge that one of the most debated topics regarding schools is what time schools should start. Extensive research has shown that students would function better if school started later. Giving students the option to learn from home and wake up later would benefit them by allowing them to be more focus which would lead to them being more productive. Another reason as to why waking up early does not work is because students often have to complete assignments that require a lot of time. They go to sleep late to complete them on time. Going to sleep late and then having to wake up early is unhealthy. Attending classes from home would increase the time students have on their hands so they would be able to complete assignments faster. Combining these two together, we are able to see how drastically the sleep schedule of a student can improve. Although, there are many positives with attending classes from home, people are always going to find negatives.

A negative that people would argue for is that attending classes from home wouldn't work because there is no real interaction between the student and the instructor. They would argue that students would not be able to ask for help. This sounds like very reasonable remark but they can easily be proven wrong. If a student ever needs extra help or just wants to ask a few questions they could always schedule a conference, via video calling, with their instructor. Another way that a student can have his or her question answered is by simple looking it up online. Nowadays there are so many different websites and

YouTube videos that can be easily found regarding any subject. Students would have all the help they could need!

In conclusion, students would benefit from attending classes from home because their sleeping schedule would improve and they can work at their own pace. Not having to go to sleep late or wake up early would make it easier for students to have a more consistent and healthy sleep schedule. Decreasing the amount of distractions and not having to work at the rhythm of other classmates would make it possible for students to work at their own pace. These two combined would be sufficient evidence as to why students would benefit from attending classes from home. So, what would you do? 