The bell had just gone off,students were rushing into the hallway. I stayed in the classroom waiting for everyone to leave so I wouldn't get sucked into the rushing stream that was the middle school hallway. Only after I knew it was safe did I leave. I walked down to the classroom ,happiness filling my bones,as I stepped into the class room i knew I belonged there these where my friends. I think that all people should participate in some type of extracurricular activity because I believe that,Getting students involved would help students to have something to look froward to throughout the day, getting students involved would help them make friends with people that share then same interest as them,and finale involving more student would help open so student up to a wide variety of new experiences.

The first reason is,Getting students involved would help students to have something to look froward to throughout the day. Most students have nothing to look froward to in a normal school day other than little things such as talking to your friends in between blocks or lunch,but with extracurricular activities they have something big to keep them going till the end of school. For many people,such as myself,school is a prison without bars where your forced to learn stuff that you dont want to learn,but with extracurricular activities it feels like you get a choice in what you do.

The second reason is that, getting students involved would help them make friends with people that share then same interest as them. Most student have a wide variety of friend with many different likes,hobbies,and personalty s many of which you don't have in common .Sometimes you just need someone with the same hobbies as you to talk to and what better place to find one is at a extracurricular activity about what your hobbies is!

The third reason is,involving more students would help open students up to a wide variety of new experiences. Many students are not in extracurricular activities for a variety of reasons .Joining a extracurricular activity can lead to a lot of fun doing something you never thought you would enjoy for example the FFA you could join because you wanted to try it out and new thing you know your white water rafting with your new friend wondering why you didn't sign up before you did.

In conclusion,I believe that all students should join a extracurricular activity because Getting students involved would help students to have something to look froward to throughout the day,getting students involved would help them make friends with people that share then same interest as them,and involving more students would help open students up to a wide variety of new experiences.