Think about the activities you participated in as a grade school student. This could have been sports, writing for the schools paper, or simply participating in the PTA meetings the county set up. Now some students choose not to participate in these activities, and it can set them up for failure farther into the future. All students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it encourages them to be more socially and physically active, and may help the students uncover new hobbies.

Participating in activities outside of school would help students build relationships and bond socially. Studies have shown that being more socially active is good for your body and mind; however some students aren't given the opportunity to become a social butterfly, and this can take a big toll on their life. When a student is anti-social they have an increased risk of sinking into depression, but participating in social activities from a young age outside of school can make it easier for students to make friends in the future.

It is important for students to get outside and exercise often, and playing sports outside of school is a great way to do so. Sports are examples of complex social activities, and they encourage students to be both physically and social active. Students can find a joy and passion for the sport they play, and when they do they begin to feel better about themselves.

Many students choose to enter journalism or creative writing, and some might discover that this is what they enjoy. Other students could enjoy rocketry or chemistry, and find that they enjoy that more than writing. This can all be accomplished by engaging in after school activities, that way the students could discover new hobbies that they might carry on through high school and college.

In conclusion, students who participate in extracurricular activities can find themselves entranced by new hobbies, learn to love a sport, and make friends easier. Students should always be encouraged to participate in after school activities to increase their emotional and social health. Given the chance, they could become the next big rocket scientist.