Phone & Driving

It has always been a big concern on being on your phone, while driving. There are many bad outcomes from being on your phone while driving. You could possibly swerve off the road, crash into someone, or zoning out and not knowing what is going to happen next. Many people repeatedly still be on their phones while driving, while knowing what the outcome could lead to, and still not caring. Phones are a huge distraction while driving and no one seems to care what happens after.

Being on your phone while driving is not something that should be normalized. It can lead to one major problem, which is having an accident. When it comes to car crashes, and the cause of the crash is someone being distracted, is never a good look on the driver. Many people can lose their life, they can come out alive from the accident, but can still be traumatized to the point where they do not want, to ever get in a car again. 26% of most accidents are from texting while driving.

Another cause of being on the phone while driving, is a possibility of swerving off the road. No one ever wants to experience being a car alone, and next thing you know your trying to get back control of your car, from not being focused on the road. The outcome can be bad to the point where, you do not know where you are, may have lost your phone, and have no way of getting out because you are stuck. There have been nearly 390,00 accidents, caused from swerving while being on your phone. This could all be avoided if you just stay of your phone.

Finally, you could zone out, while on the road. When you are driving, your focus is the road. Zoning out while driving, and your phone can be a pretty ugly situation. You could possibly be intoxicated, and not knowing why, you on your phone and get carried away and zone out for a quick second, and next thing you know. You are in an accident. There are many ways to get an accident, but the common reason of accidents happening, is drivers being on their phone.

To sum up this unreasonable situation, do not be on your phone while driving. The outcomes can be you zoning out, which leads to an accident, swerving off the road, while being on the phone, and mainly just crashing into someone, while being on your phone. Whatever it is, it can wait, just for a good 10 minutes. It is never worth the risk of getting hurt.                        