Have you always dreamed of a world with driverless cars? Your dream may become a reality. Google and automakers like Audi, Mercedes Benz, and Nissan have already started the process. Driverless cars have been discussed and shown in television and movies, and this may become an everyday thing outside of Hollywood. This could change the world and our future drastically, however, is this a positive or a negative change? In this situation, the outcomes turn out to be more negative.

One example of negative change is that the cars would not be completely driverless. What is the point of a driverless car that is not ALWAYS driverless? Drivers would always have to be anticipating their turn to drive, which could cause stress and anxiety. During this time of waiting, drivers could get bored and find something to distract themselves with, such as a cell phone. By the time the car needs the driver to take control, they may not be fully attentive or ready. This could result in a crash or unsafe driving.

Next, safety is key when it comes to automobiles. Right now, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driver cars. Only California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have legalized testing driverless cars. Although more states may follow, traffic laws are very strict, and even if they change, new laws will be made in order to cover liability in case of an accident. Technology can fail, and if that were to happen, who would be responsible? The driver or the automaker? This could result in disagreements and chaos.

Finally, this could be expensive. Google has a modified Toyota Prius that contains position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camers mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an intertial motion sensor. This technology all works together to produce a 3-D model of the cars surroundings. If this car is not even driverless, how much technology would be needed for a driverless car? It could get very pricey.

Driverless cars are a new and upcoming idea. The results turn out to be more negative because of them not being completely driverless, the safety, and the price. This could change the future if they end up being produced. Technology leads to new discoveries every single day, and in a few years, we may be accustomed to not driving anymore.