Do you think if Students designed their own projects they would benefit from them? Would they even do them? How would credited? How would it enhance the students learning more efficiently than a teacher would?

Teacher designed projects are a lot more efficient to student learning because students' maturity levels may not allow them to fully take advantage of the designed projects, the teachers have the degree experience to assign proper projects to enhance the students' learning, and also future consequences for a students' education is important.

Students are often not the most mature people and are big procrastinators. Students are not mature enough to do or even make projects for themselves. There would be no correct balance or challenge because all students like to find easier ways to avoid hard tasks. So having students make the designed projects over the summer would not increase their learning.

Considering experience; Teachers not only have degree, but teaching and assigning a proper designed assignment for to a student to complete is what they work and get paid to do. Teachers have the mind set and the capability to help students achieve and expand their knowledge so that they are progressing. Teachers also always knows what is best for a students' learning and what they should and should not be doing.

When students are assigned an a assignment they might procrastinate but they often realize that laziness and not enhancing your learning to better yourself can affect you in the future. Their decisions can put them at a disadvantage to get into colleges. So having a teacher who designs the projects will help the students progress on their learning for the future because future consequences count. Jobs or even universities would not take a student seriously if their projects were designed by themselves. Teacher designed projects fit curriculum standards that are credible to the learning process of a student, and thats what matters.

In regards, every student should have the opportunity to learn the right way. Learning student to student is not the right way. Teachers design projects because they know students are not mature enough to do it themselves, or have the experience that they have, or even realize how important their future is. Thats why there is not only school but also tutors and extra help offered at every county to better students in their learning. As said before it's not that students aren't capable of designing their own projects but, Teachers are put into place to better the learning of students.