Today, there are many arguments between keeping our governments way of electing a new president. Many people have turned their back on the Electoral College saying that it is unfair and are instead for changing to election by popular vote. The Electoral College is seen as a non-democratic method of selecting a president that should be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes is the winner. Therefore it is the electors who elect the president, not us people. Some people even see the Electoral College as unfair. outdated, and irrational and see arguments against direct elections spurious. While some have different opinions saying that the Electoral College, although its lack of democratic pedigree, is very practical.

The Electoral College consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required a elect a president. Your state's amount of electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation. One for each member in the House of Representatives plus two for your Senators. Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors. So, technically when you vote for your candidate you're actually voting for your candidate's electors. Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors. All in all, it is the electors who elect the president, not the people.

Most states do award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, some things in a state could create a landslide electoral vote victory in that state. A tie is possible because the total number of votes is an even number, but is highly unlikely. In the winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states that are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign. Statistically, the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balnce that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionmen of the senate decrees in the constitution. So, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does.

The argument between keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote has many different sides to it. Through facts and opinions, there is many reasons our government should keep the Electoral College and some reasons that we should change to election by popular vote. In some ways the Electoral College can be unfair but in others it makes complete sense. The people who vote in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference not people who think that a single vote could decide an election. Therefore, the Electoral College could be a good thing in our government today keeping things organized and sometimes fair.                    