In many places all across the world, the amount of car usage is decreasing more and more as the years pass by. In places such as Vauban, Germany; Paris, France; and Bogota, Colombia; there are times when you are fined if you operate a vehicle. Why would a city ban one of the most useful personal transportations invented? These cities all had goals for transportation to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and costs, improve safety, relieve stress, and to promote public transportation. All of these goals, by which were accomplished when the use of motor vehicles were limited.

According to source 1 'In German Suburb, Life goes on without cars', the residents of Vauban, Germany disagree with the usage of cars. The entire suburb is designed to be "car-free", besides the main thoroughfare. Understand that car ownership is allowed, but there is an exteremely scarce amount of parking spots, and that the price of a garage, that is located at the edge of this suburb, costs $40,000 when you buy your home. As a result of this, 70% of residents do not own cars, and 57% of residents sold their car to live in Vauban. The goal was to start a movement called 'smart planning', which would reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes.

According to source 2 'Paris bans driving due to smog', the city of Paris, France enforced a partial ban to clear the air of the global city. Almost 4,000 drivers were given a 22-euro fine, which is equivalent to $31, because they were driving their cars. Diesel fuel was at fault for the excessive amount of smog in the city. Diesels make up 67% of the vehicles in France. The goal was to decrease the amount of smog throughout the city.

According to source 3 'Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota', the residents of Bogota, Colombia are familiar with a 3 year running 'Day without Cars'. There is a large turnout where one day out of the year the use of motor vehicles is banned, which would face violators with a $25 fine. The goal of this city was to reduce smog and promote alternative transportation.

In conclusion, the result in limiting the usage of cars would be very effective and beneficial. The residents, as a whole, would save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and costs, improve safety, relieve stress, and promote public transportaion.    