In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The text states many facts and statistics; therefore, the author supports this idea well, for he/she describes why astronomers are amazed by Venus, what NASA is planning on approaching the planet, and explaining the type of challenge it is to explore this dangerous "Evening Star." Reading the passage, the author is convincing about the subject that he/she has chosen.

The planet, Venus, is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents, as the author suggests. Supporting this idea, the author shows many examples, facts, and ideas why he/she thinks Venus is a worthy planet to keep studying, for the text states, "Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study, despite its proximity to us." The writer describes that important studies come out of exploring Venus's reputation, even though it is the hottest planet in our solar system. The author supports the claim that Venus has many thrilling factors in Paragraph 3. Paragraph 3, Line 6 states, "Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like eruping volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to porbes seeking to land on its surface." The author demonstrates his knowledge telling the readers that Venus cause many disasterous events that happen all around the world.

As the author claims that Venus is worth studying for, Paragraphs 4 through 7 shows evidence about scientists still studying Venus as of today and why geologists and atronomers are so fascinated with the blazing planet. In Paragraph 4, Line 2 states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." Scientists state that even today, Venus has features that look like mountains, as read in the passage. Testing his knowledge in the prompt, the author demonstrates that NASA wants to make visiting Venus possible. Throughout Paragraphs 5 through 7, it states what NASA's (The National Aeronautics and Space Administration) plan is to successfully observing Venus from a up-close point of view. In Paragraph 5, Line 2 and 3 state, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape." As being stated as a "possible solution," the author shows NASA's solution is not an effecient plan, for Paragraph 6, Lines 1 through 4 state, "However, peering at Venus from a ship orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. More importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance. Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges." In the authors statement, NASA need samples of rocks, gas, and other types of samples to have a full discovery of Venus. Because of the obstacle in NASA's way, they decide to make other approaches to studying Venus, for they understand that meeting to Venus' standards will take years. Lastly, as the author's final example on why Venus is a worth pursuit despite the dangers it presents is in Paragraph 8, which states, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Or travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." The narrator claims that exploring all of our options that have dangers should not limit us as human beings to give up and quit. He/she states that we should move along all of the doubts and dangers and increase our imagination on all levels.

In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. As the author states many facts on why scientists should continue their research on Venus, he/she supports their claim well. The passage describes why astronomers study Venus as well as what NASA is planning to do to approach the Evening Star. The writer believes that although Venus has many dangers to humans, we should take the challenge exploring Venus offers to us and go beyond our limits to achieve the goal that geologists, astronomers, and scientists want to acquire. 