Dear Principal:

I would like to advise you of many student's responses, and argue amongst the possible policy of requiring at least a B average to participate in sports. As i am sure you are aware, many of the students already participating in sports with a below B average, are dearly upset. School work can be tough at times, and everybody deserves a chance.

The policy " You must have a B average to participate in sports" should be abolished. Many sport members participate to earn scholarships, physical health, and a source of entertainment and gratitude. It has been reported that many of my fellow classmates have been grieving over this new rule. Most of them have a "C" average. 70%-79% What if someone was just at the near cusp? This could be intriguing to many who just barely didn't make the grade. Yes, i do know it is tremendously important to keep on your grades at all times to be able to succeed in life, but when your this age there are more important things.

The many advantages of outdoor sports. This provides the chance to believe in yourself that you can succeed in anything you participate in. It makes you think bigger, and lets your imagination run wild of all the possibilities that can be accomplished. Sports also allows participants the chance to be physical and active. This guarantees that you will learn healthy habits, as well as staying fit. This gradually can decrease the national problem we are facing in modern day; Obesity.

The issue obesity, needs much more attention then it gets. This is something that really needs the help of the American society. But why? Why are so many children obese? Lack of physical activity and healthy lifestyle habits, that's why. Studies show that if you participate in school sport activities, you are guaranteed to be healthier and fit.

Most students grades are falling below a B average. For some, they are just barely passing! Why would you take away the benefits of sports away from children of our society? We all know good grades are very important, but i believe as long as your trying your

"Personal Best" Then you should at least let students participate as long as they have a passing grade. We very dearly appreciate all you do for our school. We all know you try your best to do as much as you can for us, but sometimes it goes over our limits.

Thank you for your time, and i hope you will consider.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME