Would you want to be forced to spend extra time at school? In my opinion you should not have to be forced into an extra activity because people have things to do after school. Also they already spend 7 or 8 hours at school and should not have extra time. Adding to that people need a break from school to be refreshed the next day because school is stressful.

Students should not be forced to attend after school activities adding to their day because some students have activities after school like music lessons. Students come home from a long day of school and have homework to do and should not have an after school activity because that will give them less time for homework. Also some students have a job and an after school activity can effect them financially. Also some students for me as an example have music lessons after school and that cannot happen if there is an added activity to my schedule.

Students already spend 7 or 8 hours at school and should not have to spend extra time. Students need a break because school can be stressful and with an extra activity you could be with someone you dont like or just want to be home and the activity will delay that. Being at home you can also feel independent because at school you have to ask to get water or use the bathroom and at home you can anything whenever you want and spending 8 hours of having to ask to get water or use the bathroom can really be a pain and being at an extra activity can lengthen that.

Students need a break from school because school is hard. School is a stressful place and the longer the break from it the better the next day will be. Also tests can be stressful and to do good on that test you need to be free minded and be refreshed and you can do that by not going to an extra activity. Also people at school can be stressful, for example if there is someone at school bullying you being home away from them can make you feel safe.

Having to be forced to and extra school activity should not be permitted because students have things after school, Also they are already at school for 7 or 8 hours and need a break, and adding to that students just need a break. The brain works better on a clear mind and having an after school activity can lessen that.