I believe students would not benefit from attending classes from home. Students need to be with a teacher when they need help, they should not have to set up a video conference just to receive help. Also, having other students in the classroom to help with work and projects is a plus of going to school everyday. Students should not attend classes at home since there isn't a true benefit in doing so.

Students need to be with a teacher when they need help, they shouldn't have to set up a video conference. Most students need a teacher at all times during a class period so they can explain in depth the topics that are being discussed. Having a teacher explain right in front of you is easier for myself and many other students. For example, if a student needed help outside of their scheduled class time, how would they reach the teacher without disrupting their other classes that they are teaching? There wouldn't be a possible way for a student to get a hold of their teacher without causing any disruptions.

Having other students in front of you that would help with work and projects is also a plus of going to school everyday. Getting a students perspective on different assignments and projects could actually save your grade. Sometimes you just need a little encouragement from your peers to get you through your assignments. Let's say a teacher assigned a project due the same night and allowed you to work with a partner to help get it done. How would you easily be able to communicate with your partner enough to get all of the work done before the due date? It would be really hard to do so over the phone or through a video conference. All in all, having someone to communicate with and help you with different assignments and projects is the difference between your grade.

Overall, there is not a benefit for students that attend classes at home or through a video conference. The students would not have a teacher that would be available to help them throughout the day or students to help with assignments and relate to them. Although others would believe that having students taking classes is a great idea and that they would benefit from the classes since they would be easier to complete at home, they are incorrect. Students need a challenge sometimes, so why would we have them work from home just because it is an easier option for them? We need to stop holding these children back since we know they can do better. We should not always jump to take the easy way out.