When you're thinking of the future, you are probably thinking of new technology.

Cars are going to be one of the biggest advances in technology withing the next couple of years.

Scientists have been working on these prototype cars that can drive themselves.

There are very many reasons that they have been coming up with this new idea.

First order of business is that with this new invention, there will be a lot less accidents on the roads.

The cars can save a lot of money that is washed away every year through drivers ed classes for teens.

It will be a safer environment for beginner drivers.

Instead of being fully in control, and being fully liable for an accident, the car will be the one in charge.

This car saves money, and saves lives.

Drinking and driving, this is a very familiar phrase to people nowadays.

This phrase does not bring joy, but brings out the worst in people.

There are over 100,000 accidents every year due to drunk driving.

So many lives are lost due to the lack of intelligence these people have.

With this car you will not have to deal with the stupidity of these people, you will not have to deal with worrying about a loved one coming home safely, these cars save families.

Texting and driving, another phrase among with brings sullen faces.

As a teenager, your life revolves around your phone.

Again, the stastics do not lie when they say that one of the top learders in death is due to automobile accients.

You know why there are so many automobile accidents?

Another characteristic of ruthless behavior.

With these self driving cars, you can text will the cars drives.

It is a win-win situation.

A lot of people take roadtrips.

Typically the people will take turns at the wheel, but of course, there is always that one that gets stuck with the night shift.

I do not believe anyone would care to be driving instead of getting a good nights rest.

You will save tons of money on going to hotels, because these cars drive for you at night while you get to sleep.

With these cars, they'll do the driving for you, you save money, and you get to your destination faster.

My fourth, and final statement is that technology is advancing more and more every day, one day we will have these self driving automobiles.

We might as well start know and get to know how to use them and learn their strenghts and weaknessess sooner rather than later.

Our kids will look back on how we used to actually drive ourself and be flaberghasted at the thought of that.

We will have to satisfaction of knowing that our children are safer on the roads with these cars.

In conclusion, these cars are the future of driving.

Whethere we like it or not, we will just have to deal with it.

You have to look at the positives of the situation, which overrule the negatives.

These cars are safer, and more reliable than the average car.

They are the car of tomorrow. 