Students take their summer break to relax and have fun, but others will have a few projects to complete before school starts again. Many schools in the country will require students to complete summer projects, they want to ensure that students are still learning over break. I believe that these summer projects should be student designed because it allows them to be creative, they can pick topics they are interested in, and do the project how they would like.

Having students design their projects will allow them to be creative, many students would not enjoy the project as much if the teacher has a set design on how the project will be. Students would not be eager to do it and delay the assignment waiting till last minute to start it; allowing them to have full creative ability will produce incredible work. Students can express artistic ability with their work allowing them to draw pictures, use different mediums, lavish colors, and think of creative designs. Just giving them that freedom could make the assignment exciting instead of feeling like a chore they are forced to do.

Students can pick topics they are interested in allowing them to enjoy the project. If the teacher assigns a topic students are not interested in, it would not be an enjoyable time. The students would not be motivated to do research on the topic, they would push off on the assignment, and be completely unaware of important facts in their topic. By allowing them to chose any topic it would make learning fun, a student can be fascinated by a topic but never had the opportunity to thoroughly research it and this would be the chance. The research they would do may mean a lot to them, it could be a future occupation they want to be helping them learn the requirements needed for specific facilities, schools, and how much money they would make. It could also allow for students to be informed on a topic they do not know much about and would like to be knowledgeable in a certain field. Having students chose would be an incredible opportunity to learn.

Lastly, students are able to do the projects how they would like to do it. Having the teacher decide how the project will be set up may be underwhelming for students or difficult to set up. By allowing them to chose how to do their project will result in creative ideas and make the project less difficult. Some students may want to do something else than a regular PowerPoint, they could make a book filled with all the information needed and they can draw pictures. Maybe they want to do videography, they could film a music video or a short film with a script and actors. Also by allowing them to chose it could create less pressure for the students, there are many sites that have layouts and videos guiding them with their project. If they are not able to do it how the teacher wants it they cannot ask them for help they are over break and could not have the teacher's contact information.

The summer projects are a great way to assure students are still learning over break but allowing the students to design their projects would be an incredible opportunity for them to be creative, pick topics they are interested in, and do the project how they would like. I believe this would be a good opportunity for schools and students to keep learning even over their break and encourage them to always be knowledgeable                                      