We all had dreams about having flying cars and driveless cars, but now we can almost say our dreams are becoming a reality. Automakers are working on manufacturing driveless cars. Driveless cars will eventually help us all in the future, when they are developed. If someone is drunk driving the car will for the most part drive itself with the help of sensors. If someone has fallen asleep in the car and something bad happens the car will alert the driver. First the automakers thought of making smarter roads, but with out the option of smarter roads, the manufacturers then thought about smarter cars. They did not know exactly how smart the cars would have to be but they knew for sure that they would need a lot of sensors to start out with.

To help support the claim that driveless cars will be helpful in the future is the fact that they will have many sensors. The new driveless cars will have a position sensor on the left rear wheel. This helps the car stay in between the lines while driving. The next senor will be a rotationg sensor on the roof so the car knows where other cars are around it and when to stop at red lights, stop signs, yield signs, etc. It will also have four automotive radar sensors and an intertial motion sensor, to detect the movement of other cars. The car will still have a speed and brake sensor also to know how fast it is going and when to stop. The driveless car will have a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, so the car knows how far and if there is a car behind them. Lastly the car will have a GPS recevier so the car knows where it is going. All of these sensors are installed to keep the driver safe and improve on how the vehicle can drive on its own.

The car is also very easy to take control of. For the things the sensors can not sense the car will alert the driver when they need to take control. The human in the car should always remain alert for when these problems may occur but if they can not the car will send the driver an alert. The new driveless cars will have seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. If the driver has fallen asleep then the vibration of the car should be firm enough to wake them up. Now while the driver is just waking up they do not really know what is going on, so the driveless car will also announce that there is a problem and the driver should take control. By the car announce when there is a problem is very helpful because if one of the sensors were to go out then that would be a problem and the car will announce it and the human will take over.

Even though the car will be very helpful there are some problems that could occur. The only way to know for sure that someone will be safe while driving is to have a human in control at all times. Driving laws are focused on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and the lawmakers know that safety is best achieved when the driver is fully alert. That is why the driveless car will have many sensors for when they sense a problem occuring on the road or occuring within the car. When the sensors do sense a problem occuring the car with alert the driver and let them know that they need to take control by vibrating the seat and announcing the problem. Though many people think driveless cars are not safe, automakers are continuing to work and test the cars until we can know for sure that they are completely safe for all drivers.      