What if the principal at your school made it mandatory for every student to be involved in an extracurricular activity? If my principal did that I would be all for it. Having everyone do an extracurricular activity can lead to new friendships, can help people branch out, and it looks good on a college resume. I believe that if we had to paricipate in an activity outside of school it would improve the moods of students, increase healthy lifestyles, and help get rid of bullying.

Firstly, having students be a part of activities afterschool can help students branch out. Last yeat I was a new kid, and I didn't have many friends, until I joined the tennis team. Once I was a part of the tennis team I started to open up and be goofy and energetic. I started to be like my old self again. Joining an extracurricular activity can help others open up, just as it helped me.

Secondly, extracurricular activities look good on college resumes. colleges do want people who are intelligent and focused, but they also want people who know how to work well with others and are actively participating in school events. Getting involved in an extracurricular activity is a great way to show colleges that you are intelligent, focused, team orriented, school spirited, and so much more.

In addition to helping students branch out and improving college resumes, participating in afterschool activities can help lead you to new friendships. When I was on the student council I met lots of new people and grew closer to them as the year went on. My experience on the student council has taught me how to be kind to everyone I meet and it encouraged me to be bold and make new friends. When you participate in these extracurricular acticities your people skills elevate, making it easier for you to make new friends.

overall, what is the harm of students being a part of something bigger than themselves and spending time with other people that share the same interests? There is no reason that students should not be involved in extracurricular activities. These activites help students branch out, make new friends, and they look good on college resumes. Having every student be a part of an extracurricular activity, in my opinion, is an amazing idea. I hope you see that these activities could be a grand opportunity for you. 