Almost everyone considers all the options that they are given. Possibly to get different perspectives, or to see what other people think. Maybe they just want to hear new ideas. People like to consider all the opinions that they are given because, they want to get a new perspective on an idea, get a new idea, and hear what other people think.

People like to get a new perspective from other people because everyone has their own opinions, right? Someone's opinion can be really really good, while others can just be really bad. For an example, someone says, "I want to jump off of a cliff today!", they go and tell two completely different people. One person says, "Yea, you should totally do it, don't worry about any of the risks!". The second person says, "No, don't do that, you could die or get really injured. Before doing something risky like this consider all of the risks that goes along with the activity." Which opinion would you choose, the good one or the bad one?

Possibly, you ask a third person but, they give you a completely new idea. Maybe they suggest doing something kind of related to your original plan. Like going to indoor skydiving place, or swimming with dolphins. Consider all the options you are given. Some things can be a really good idea or a really bad one.

You still can't decide what to do so you narrow it down to two options. You decide to go on social media a post a poll with your last two options that you were given from other people. This way you can see what everyone thinks and so you know some of the risks that comes along with some activities. You wait a couple hours and realize that a lot of people chose the second option. So, you don't jump off a cliff because you realized all of the risks that came with the activity.

You finally considered all your options and decide to go indoor skydiving. Congrats and have fun! Now you know what to do next time when you need help with an idea, get a new perspective on the idea, get a new idea, and hear what others might say.              