The author thinks that Venus is a worthy pursuit to discover and explore. It would be a worthy goal for humans to evolve and grow as a species and to understand that we're able to understand how to universe works. The author does claim that the study of Venus is important and that we should take the time to study and understand it better.

The first thing the author mentions about this is in paragraph four. In this paragraph the author talks about how astronomers are fascinated by Venus. He says, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well have once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system". This quote shows that the author suggest that Venus could be a good thing to explore to understand the solar system better and understand how Earth conditions could form on other planets. This was the first part of the text the author showed his support towards studying Venus. The next point he supports his idea is in paragraph eight. In this paragraph the author explains that striving to get a challange what humans do. They work through chalanges to evolve as a species. This is seen when the author says, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gainedon the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors". This quote from the author is to show that he supports exploring Venus because it could provide humans with new knowledge that we prevoiusly didn't have and that new knowledge could help us overcome challenges in the future like new spacetravel and solar colonization attempts.

All of these things the author provides allow humans to discover ideas and inventions they have yet to discover. And expand the mindset to a more univerisal understanding way. The author wants hmuanity to take this experience because we may have to deal with something like it again. When getting to a space age humans will need to know more about the space they're trying to colonize.

The author has supported hs claim on Venus being a worthy challange for humans to occupy their minds and abilities. Trying to overcome this challange will provide us with new information that could help in the future of the race and of furthur understanding of the universe. Would help us learn to colonize the stars and to understand how different types of planets are formed, allowing use to understand the universe we live in better than we currently do.