Driving; Everyones dreams when there're just hitting those teenage years. The day their parents hand them a key to their brand new car. We shouldn't live off our cars, we should be able to go aywhere we want and not worried to see if you don't have gas in your car, or if your license plate is expiered. My fellow citizens there is many advantages of limitig car usuage. Not being tense, not worried about the resposibilites on your car, and helps us to stop polluting the air.

To start, there are many places that don't have cars and their life keeps on going they are even stressfree. For examle Vauban's streets are completely "car free." Heidrum Walter says "when I had a car I was always tese. I'm much happier this way." (Source 1). Living without a car is not that bad. Living without a car can be much better for us. However the fact that living without car can be an advantage to us not everyone agress to the fact of it. After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforeced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global cirty. Cogestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of intesifying smog. Paris trypically has more smog than oter European capital. Delivery companies complained of lost reveue, while exceptios were made for plug in cars, hybrids, and cars carryig three or more passsengers. (Source 2). If the delivery companies and my fellow citizens can realize is that the cars that we so called center our development on is polluting our air causing smog in certain areas of the world, and you can see because Paris banned certain cars in its area the smog ended up going away. So instead of driving our cars everywhere we can use this to our advantages and limit our car usage, so we can prevet smog in our community and pollution in atmosphere.

In addition, gooig car less is a stress free zone. Business Carlos Arturo Plaza stated "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Which is absolutly true in my view because in Bogota, Clombia a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombias hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. (Source 3). The car free day in Bogota and how people walked, biked, skated, and etc shows a great way to to take away stress. While you are either walking, biking, and so forth you have the chance to clear your mind and at the same time your not in a car that can pollute the air which can't result in smog. Also going car free is also becoming the new tread, a study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009, there has also been a large drop in the percetage of 16- to 39- year- olds getting a license. (source 4) I'm here today to show that this new tread that is spreadig is one that we should take to our advantage and use it, it's making things better for us and also our communities.

To sum up, my fellow citizens we should limit our car usage. We all can enter this stree free zone together as one, we can help the place we all call our home. Don't be against it and just use it to your advantage. Going car free is the right way to go.    