The Electoral Collage has been around for a long time. Every few years, voters go to vote on election day and their vote can either mean everything or nothing. There are many flaws with the Electoral Collage: it serves an out-dated purpose, popular vote does not matter, and there is the possibility of the disaster factor. Using the Electoral Collage could lead to undesired consiquences.

Back in the times in which the Electoral Collage was founded, commucation between the colonies was not quick. News could take months to arrive, and with the Electoral Collage, if news about a presidential candidate came out that made him a threat, for example if he was a murderer, the electors would know that and, despite what the voters thought, not to vote for him. In the current times, as soon as something had happened that would make a candidate look bad, it would not be very long before such news would be on T.V., social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.),and on the radio. So unless someone wasn't paying much attention, every vote should be valid.

With the Electoral Collage system, the vote of an individual does not matter. Whether three people in a state vote or three-million vote, as long as a majority (only 51% of the votes) vote for the candidate, that candidate gets all the electoral votes for that state. If only 51% of people vote for a candidate he wins that state, that leaves 49% of people in that state whose votes are now discredited. Eventually, like in some cases such as the election in 2000, it can add up that a candidate wins the popular vote, the actual majority, but not the election. So despite the wishes of the majority, the other candidate in this situation would win.

When a candidate wins all the electoral votes for a state, those votes are sent to electors so that they can vote on behalf of the people, or not. "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote for Kennedy.)"("The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong," Bradford Plumer) Not only an incident such as this could occur, but electors of two slates could be sent to congress and chose not to vote as asked. With all these flaws, why are we still using the Electoral Collage?

The Electoral Collage no longer serves the purpose it once did, and it is now doing more harm than good. Back when it was established, it did what was needed for the time. This is a new era, it's time for a new system.    