Do you ever feel like school is too slow for your learning speed, or even to fast for you keep up? Is it hard for you to focus in school because of the setting around you? Is it hard sometimes for you to get to school, because of outside factors? These questions raise alarm to why we have online learning. Online learning is a alternative way of getting the education needed to pass a class. Many people take online classes for various reasons. Life is very chaotic sometimes, and being able to use resources like online classes really help to benefit many individuals. I personally agree that online courses would benefit students, and that students should be able to take them?

Online courses are a great way of getting education with the ability for flexability. Being able to take an online course allows learners that work at different paces to work at their own pace. Many people in class rooms can feel overwelmed by the amount of work presented to them, while others could find that the work is to slow, and they often feel bored or underwelmed. With online classes, the student is able to work at their own pace. They are able to focus on certain topics longer, if they feel they need the extra help with it. Also, students that have a hard time focusing in class, due to all the destractions in the class environment, are able to work at home and find a quiet, secluded area, that they can truly focus at the tasks presented to them. Students also may have social anxieties that cause them to have trouble focusing on school because they are to worried about social interactions. Online classes allow students like that to stay home and truly focus on the class instead of all that is around them.

However, opponents feel that students need to be in a class room to truly grasp and understand the subject at hand. They feel that students do not get the true experience they need, unless in a class room. Opponents believe that students, when in a class room, are exposed to the proper and correct style of teaching needed to get the education for that class. There are multiple reasons why these claims are incorrect. Some students are not able to understand certain topics due to how they are presented at school. Every student learns and retains information in different ways, and some classes are harder for students to understand due to how they are taught. Being able to take online classes allow students to be taught a class in a different way, that may benefit them with how they learn. Opening these different ways of learning helps to improve students grades and education in general. Students also may have trouble trying to get to school because of outside factos like sports, events, vacations, family, religion, and medical emergencies. When these factors come into play, the student misses out on the learning for that day. Online classes however, allow students to work when ever during the day, which allow student to have flexibility in their schedules to fit everything in. Online courses benefit students in so many ways and help students to truly accel in subjects they normally would not.

Students should be able to take online classes, to help benefit them in their education. Online classes allow students to control the pace at which they work, and also focus easier than in a class room. Online classes also help students who have social anxieties or trouble focusing in school environments, to consentrate better on topics at home. It allows for flexability in the students schedule, so that they never miss out on a lesson, and opens up different teaching methods to help students get the true concept of the lesson. Online classes are a vital way for students to learn, and taking that way of learning from students would do nothing but impede on the advancments in the learning community.          