Dear Principal,

I believe that there are many reasons that both students should have phones in school and that they shouldn't. But really, the negatives to this issue outweigh the positives. So I think that your second policy of not allowing cell phones in school is the better choice.

First, cell phones are a major distraction to learning. Even if they aren't supposed to have them in class, many kids still will. Texting will happen in all the classes. Also, when kid's are caught with their phones in school, I don't believe the rule will be clear enough to get them in any real trouble like they most likely should have been.

A second problem to the idea of having cell phones in school is bullying and gossip. The problem has gotten so bad now in schools, that we learn about different types of it in class. It has definitely become a problem . So why add more fuel to that fire? Having cell phones during school would allow rumors and secrets to spread faster, bullies to find victims easier, and even the problem of bullying through technology would be greater. It's already a huge problem, it even has it's own name; Cyber bullying.

Cyber bullying is becoming a huge problem. It has sent many teenagers to suicide. Kids say things over technology they would never say in real life, face to face. Sometimes they do this because they know how mean what they're saying is. Adding to the amount of things that these kids already endure everyday after school through computers, phones, and other communicating devices, letting them have cell phones during school would just make it much worse. I honestly can't think of why anyone would want that to happen to those kids.

Looking from the side of those who think you should choose your first policy, they might say that it's best for the student's safety, in the case of an emergency or personal problem. Which is a good point, besides the fact that there are many phones in the school, most the teachers have cell phones of their own, and the office always has access to multiple phones. Even if every single phone is unavailable and all the teacher's cell phones have been gotten rid of somehow, it is very rare. So rare in fact, that I don't believe it to be an issue. Another thing they might say is that if kids are going to turn them off in class, there isn't a problem. Well, yes there is because most kids won't actually turn them off in class.

If you give them a chance, most of them are going to take it.

Having cell phones in locker rooms and bathrooms could lead to many horrible problems also. Things could be done with cell phones that could ruin someone's life forever. It's not good to even take that chance. I personally have seen something like that happen, and it does not end well for anyone.

My point is that cell phones in school might seem fine, until something bad happens. There may be a few positive things about it, but many negatives. I hope you take this into consideration.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME            