Some schools offer education at home, online, and or video conference calls. Teachers and some students believe that off campus is horrible. The reason why is : you won't have an actual human teaching you with online classes ,Video conference calls aren't great because most people aren't paying any attention to the teachers or student also you would need more assistance which is just unnecessary. Then finally you won't meet any people and you won't learn how to socialize at the end you won't learn how speak to people.

The school that offers these programs should just destroy these programs. Students should learn to how to go to school. Learn how to make friends,teachers,also day to day people. Just go get an education which is very important thing to do and that needs to happen if you want to do anything for the future the place they should just get an education is on a on campus school.

To the schools that offer the out of school education some that are at home,online,and video calls. Teachers and a lot of surveys show that having students with out of school education tend to have lower grades, more missing assignments,and less people in there lives. The facts just show that if you aren't at a on campus school,You're grades tend to be way lower then the average student on campus student. If you don't go to on campus schooling you will become social awkward. It's not fun staying home

With the online classes these days it has some benefits but the end of the day it's still a very bad distraction usual for example people love to watch television while doing work , but they aren't doing the assignment with 100 percent attention. If you want to get something done do it the right way. Also with the student they have many ways to cheat with any kind of education that's not on a on campus school cheating is 100 percent wrong not the right thing to do. Studies show that if you have two or more things that you are doing you are doing at the same time they aren't using there whole brain to do they're work. One of the major reason why online classes aren't good because you can just google the answers that's just cheating you aren't learning it's cheating.

Video Conference calls are just a waste of time. Students don't listen or even look at the screen to the call. It's just better and useful if you went to school. Just go to school you won't have to do calls and extra things like calling over and over again. Also it teaches you not to be lazy. If you go to school you wouldn't need to call or anything of the sort just go to school and get an education.

The school should destroy these programs and students need to go to an on campus school education or they won't be able to anything for the future for there education because they didn't pay attention or learn it well plus they won't have any friends to know them.

In conclusion students should be able to go to an on campus school just like the rest of us and meet new people and friends for the future.    