Hello, I am a scientist from NASA I am here to tell you that the Face, found on Mars, was not created by aliens, the face is just a natural landform. We have new high-resolution images and 3D altimetry from the NASA's Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is. The Face is just a mesa created by natural landforms. I am sorry to tell you but aliens do not exist, we haven't found any evidence proving that aliens exist.

Twenty five years ago NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet Mars taking some pictures of the possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking. While it was taking the pictures for the possible landing sites, something funny had happened, it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face on the plant. It turned out to be an enormous head nearly two miles form end to end. No this was not created by aliens. Us scientist have been working as hard as we can to see how this "Face" was created. We haven't found anything about it being created by aliens. The Face is just a natural landform. Us scientist at NASA figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, this mesa had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh.

A few days later us at NASA released the image to the public to see. The title of the image was "huge rock formation ... which resembles a human head ... formed by shadows giving an illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." A few of us scientist believed the Face was an alien artifact, but it was talked about with the scientist of NASA and we decided that it wasn't created by aliens because there is no sign of life on Mars that we have found. On April 5, 1998, is when a Mars Global Surveyor flew over the Cydonia for the first time. Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera, also known as (MOC), team snapped a picture 10 times sharper than the original Viking photos. The pictures revealed that it was a natural landform. There was no proof that it was created by aliens. Aliens do not exist they are just made up and scientists, like me, at NASA have never found evidence about aliens existing.

Not everyone was satified with the picture. Everyone thought that the weather conditions were different because the Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April '98. Since it was winter in April '98, it was a cloudy time of the year on the Red Planet. The camera on board, MGS, had to peer through the wispy clouds to see the Face, so people thought that the photo that was taken was not a fair photo. The people wanted a fair photo that they could see in almost the same weather condtions. We gave people what they want and we went to look for it again. Mission controllers prepared to look again but it was not easy. The face is very hard to track and get a picture of. The Mars Global Surveyor on Apil 8, 2001, went to take another picture, and it was a cloudless summer day in Cydonia. The Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. The spacecraft had to be 25 degrees to center the Face. Each pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo had 43 meters per pixel, but when it was compared to he 2001 image it spans 1.56 meters. The picture was easier to look at and they got a closer view. They came to the conclusion of it just being a natural landform.

In conclusion, the image from NASA, known as the Face, was not created by aliens. The image is just a natural landform. According to scientist, like me, at NASA there was no proof that the Face was not created by aliens. Thanks to the technology that we have it is very clear that the image is just a natural landform that created itself. 