Do you ever ask more then one person for advice or help with decision making? Sometimes when people ask for advice they go to more than one person. This can help someone by giving them a selection, or they can see what others say or think.

Asking more than one person for advice can help someone by giving them a selection. By getting other peoples opinions or advice you can get more selection, so more advice you can choose from. By getting one person's advice you might think, "Oh that is one way to do that, but I don't really like it that much." By getting more than one person's advice you might think, "Oh that seems like a better way to do that, rather than the other person's advice." You might not be able to think of advice for yourself so you go to others, sometimes, you knew the advice all along but just need others help to really get to it. Having more than one person's advice is good, because you can select what is best fit for you and your situation at the time instead of only having one advice that fits, but not quite right for you.

Asking more than one person for advice can help someone by seeing what others say or think. When I ask for advice I usually do go to more than one person, because I like to think of what people say or think as a poll. The more people suggest the same thing thing I will tend to do the most suggested thing, or just do the thing that was suggested by someone that is really important to me and I respect their choices. By getting what other peoples thoughts or say in the matter they can change my mind or, give me reasons not to change my mind. This can put subjects for the advice up to debate, by disagreeing or agreeing with someone's advice. Getting peoples thoughts and opinions can really change and impact me, leading me to take a different approach to something, effecting me to pick different advice from someone.

To me, personally, I always go to people for advice because i'm indecisive and I respect others opinions. In conclusion, taking more than one person's advice is helpful by giving you selection to choose from, or by seeing what others say or think that affect the advice you choose. I wonder how people can come up with such good advice sometimes because it is hard to think of advice that others could take, are you a advise taker or are you a advice giver?