How would you feel if your child stopped going to school and started from home?

Schools are offering distance learning for students to learn and attend classes from their house.

This may seem like a brilliant idea for students to have classes over a online or video call, yet going a public or private school is more likely to help your child grow in becoming a more intelligent person.

Also, you hear your child come home and they tell you something bad or how they dont like being at school, but your child tells you about something that they learned in school that they did know the other day. If your child went to school from their house, they could end up hate being at home so much and stop doing their work.

Most students would not benefit from being able to attend classes at home or over a screen.

Therefore, I strongly believe that students attending classes from home is not the best interest for their ability to learn.

To start off, students need an environment where they can go to for 5 days of of the week, know what they are doing, and know who to talk to when they have an important question.

Most of the time, students are always asking for help in some type of way, and if your child can not get in touch of the teacher who is helping her online, will you be able to help her or answer her questions?

A computer is the same thing as a phone, and most parents don't want their child on his/her phone all the time.

Giving your child the ability to do his/her class work over a computer would make them so excited for the first week, yet your child will be more interested with the fact of being able to be on a computer all day instead of sitting in a class room.

The student will stop wanting to learn or end up wanting to go back to school because they can't understand anything.

Furthermore, letting a student take their classes over a screen or call is not doing the best for them nor for yourself.

On the other hand, others believe that having their child stay home to do his/her class work can keep them out of trouble.

I do not disagree with the fact that it could keep them out of trouble, but students going to school is not the cause of them misbehaving.

The main cause of children getting into trouble is them trying to get attention form someone, he/she could feel left out, be getting bullied, or are not in the right state of mind and are being rebellious because they are not being seen for the person they want to be.

Making a child stay at home and do their school work over a video call is not going to stop them from getting into trouble.

School a place to learn, while home is a place to be loved and with family.

Being able to be thought something from face to face interactions are more precise than leaning the same way some from someone over a screen that might not even know that they are teaching. Therefore, wanting your child to have their classes over a computer because you think it can keep them out of trouble, is not look out for the best way for your child to grow into a smarter human being.

Offering students to attend his/her classes at home by a video conferencing is not their best way to benefit them in education.

As I stated before, students having the opportunity to stay at home and do their work online will most likely excite them at first, yet they will be more interested to the fact of being on a computer then their class work. Students are always getting their phones took in class and being able to stay home and be on their phone and a computer at the same time is like giving a four or five year old two cookies instead of one.

Also, is will cause students to misbehave more if they don't have rules about the work.

School has rules and if students dont follow the rules, they get punished for misbehaving.

Are you able to control your child if he/she decides that they don't want to do their work or misbehave in any type of way that they do at school?

Having the ability to give your child the opportunity to work from home is a wonderful gift, but it is not the most effective way of keeping your child on the right path of learning. 