Seeking a final choice one something is very hard to do. You just never now what to do and are never sure who to ask. Should I just make a decision for my self? Or do I ask for help?

You dont know what to do and you are just stuck on what to do. Asking multiple people for advice is the best thing you can do and it will help you out greatly. Ever been stuck on one thing to do and never can think of a solution? In that case you should just ask multiple people so that you can get the best idea possible.

One thing that asking people for advice can help you on is not being biased. Being biased means that you lean to one side more than the other which is good in some cases but not most of them. Being biased is a big problem that many people have but when you ask many different people for there opinion you learn different sides to things and learn things you never knew. It will even make you more social to people because you asked for there side of things instead of already having a side. It will be making a decision faster and easier.

Seeking multiple opinions can be helpful because you can hear from many different sides. Everyone has an opinion there is no one in the world that does not. So you will wan to be as thoughtful as you could possibly be. So that you can range your mind to many different ideas and mindsets you do not have to agree you just have to listen to it and add it to the list. It is ok if you put it on the list just to cut it out that is what a list is for. Doing this can open up your brain and give you a non biased mindset and that is good in life. So this step gets you better in many things.

After you used these to steps you have to narrow down your choices. This is the most important step forget about anything you know in the past, present or future because this is when you find your best choice. after you have cleared your mind you start to think about everything that was said to you and you start to eliminate ideas. Now ones that dont make sense to you are gone you can finally narrow down the finial ones think about in in real life if you did that and chose one, These steps can really help out someone that is seeking advice because they can get to pick what they want instead of being biased about the topic.

Now that you see that asking people for advice is the best possible way to get the best choice. A non biased mindset, Hearing from many different peoples opinions and narrowing down your choices are all great things that can help someone make a better choice when asking for advice.              