Have you ever asked someone for advice and their advise didnt help out that much thats why you should ask more than one person for advise. Asking more than one person can help you by,when you need help on choosing what collage to go to when you graduate high school. Sometimes advice given to you from one person might not work out so you can try a different advice given to you by other people,having more than one person to ask for advice is very helpful and can help you with school if you dont know what classes to take or what job you want to apply for.

Seeking for multiple opinions can help you by making good choices,when you need help on choosing what collage to go to when you graduate high school. When you have more people opinions is better they can help you today or very next day you need to listen to what others have to say in that case dont dont make any bad mistakes. When you hear other peoples opinions you might change your mind and see things different now. Things you are not satisfied with you can seek help from one person you trust but if that one person advice doesnt help then you need one other person to give you their opinion.

The next thing you should do is try to hear other people out for example your teachers or other school staff.

You need to listen to your teachers advise or else you will not know what to do if she tells you to pick an honors class is because in her opinion she thinks you have the ability to take honors class. When you are not so sure about taking a honors class then you need to ask your parents and ask for their advice if they think you can be able to take a honors class. It is important to ask if you are not sure of something this way you dont end up doing something bad. sometimes people advice will not work so thats why you have to hear out what others have to say before doing so.

Lastly if you hear out what other people have to say and have alot lot of people to ask for opinions then you can learn more things you didnt know. You can talk with other people about witch job you should apply to or how to apply for a job if its your first time. Hearing other people advice can make you some new frieands to since you sometimes can exchanage ideas or opinions it can make you more social to. When you really want something you work very hard for it and you also need friends or family to accomplish your goal. You will have more success in things you you seek out for opinions from parents or teachers.

In cunclusion i think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because,When you ask more than one person for help on something like choosing a class to take at school they can give you their opinion and then will have alot of ideas that you got from them and will pick the class that is well suited for you,another thing is that you will try to ask other people not just your friends for their opinions like staff at schools or your parents if you should be hanging out with the wrong people it can make you choose not to talk to them anymore. When you have alot of people to ask for advice you can also new things that you didnt know and can help you out. That is why i think having to talk to more than one person for their opinions can help you by making good choices.