Multiple People

When you have a problem, you seek advise from a close friend, a family member, or someone you admire.

Talking to someone is always a good way to decide what you should and should not do. However, asking more than one person for advise can be beneficial because it can reassure yourself that you are making the right decision and the first person you take advise from may not be the best person to seek advise from. Or you might simply not like the advise given to you and you want to see if there are other options for you.

Whatever it may be, getting advise from multiple people is important.

Multiple opinions can show yourself that you are choosing the correct decision for you and the people around you.

Personally, I always seek advise from my mom, my friends, and sometimes even a teacher I trust, so I know that I am not going down the wrong path.

It tells me that I am making the smart decision, I think will benefit me and the people around me the most.

Forcing yourself to get advise from multiple people can add to the fact that you are making the best decision.

Looking for multiple opinions is the perfect idea, but you want to be careful about who you are talking to for your advise.

Choosing the wrong person to seek advise from can be extremely harmful to yourself and others.

Depending on the situation, you may find yourself in a bad place because you took advise from a person who could take advantage of the problem or situation.

For example, I had a friend who found herself making friends with a rough group of people.

She needed help studying for a big test she had coming up.

My friend was nervous and antsy.

She looked for some tips on how to remember the material, but came up empty.

Therefore, she went to this group of people and they told her to cheat.

They said to wear a long sleeve shirt or sweatshirt and write the material on your arm.

Not thinking, she took the advise, cheated, and got caught.

If she would've talked to different, better friends, her parents, or even a teacher, she would've found herself in a completely different situation. You can see how choosing the right people to ask for advise in crucial.

What if you are talking to multiple people, and you are finding people you know and trust, but you don't agree with the advise.

The advise is not what you want to hear.

Well that's another reason why you should talk to several trusted friends or family.

Sometimes we don't always receive the advise we want to hear.

The advise makes you confused or upset and you should talk to another trusted person in your life.

However, if you talk to five people and all of them say the same thing, well, then, it might be time to accept that's the advise you are going to receive.

You still might be frustrated with it, but at least you know it's most likely what you should do.

For example, I was having trouble with my friends being nosy.

I talked to my dad and he told me I needed to ask my friends if they could stop.

I did not like that.

I didn't want to talk to them so I asked my mom what she would do and well she said the same thing.

But I knew what I had to do and they were understanding and in the end I knew that was the right decision.

Advise may not always be what you want to hear, so getting another opinion is what you should do.

It may be the same advise, but at least you know you tried.

When you have a problem, seeking advise from several people is always the right thing to do.

It reassures yourself that your making the correct decision. The first person or people you talk to may put you in a harmful situation to yourself and/or others.

It could, also, simply be that you don't like the advise.

Those are all perfectly good reasons to seek advise from multiple people.

The next time you are looking for advise, ask multiple people.

You will make a excellent decision if you do so.