This new peice of technology called the Facial Action Coding System, or FACS, is able to show peoples emotions and tell when people are hiding and masking their emotions. It is a new peice of technology developed by Prof. Thomas Huang, and Prof. Nicu Sebe. This product is revolutionary in many diffrenf ways. It not only valuable to a modern day life, but it also could have many real-world and technilogical applications.

The FACS system is a new and valuable peice of technology that has many interesting and strong applications. Like it was said im the text, it could adjust an assignment for a student to make it more engaging for them. “A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,” Dr. Huang predicts. “Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." (D'Alto). That would make teachers lifes easier, and have less annoyed and out of control students, because they would be doing an assignment they would want to do, and not be extremely bored throughout class. Another way this could be valuable is for when cops do lie detector test. They would be able to pick up movements in the face that could show them that they are lying, or not telling the whole story. There are also many real world applications for this technology out there.

The FACS made by Prof. Thomas Huang could have many real world applications that would make life easier or more fun for some people. One of the many real world applications for this system would be Police Videos. You would be able to see the emotions on the criminal's face while he was being recorded on video, helping the police aid in the investigation. Another brought up by the article could be politics. You would be able to see how the politician is feeling, or which emotions. You would also be able to tell if they are faking emotions they are emitting while they are giving a speech, or if they are outright lying to you. The article itself says "To an expert, faces don’t lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a “smiling” politician or celebrity isn’t being truthful." (D'Alto). The final point I want to bring up is how this could be used for therapy or working through yout problems.

The FACS system could be a great peice of technolgy for therapists to use, working posple through their issues. People could tell how angry or depressed you were actually feeling. It would be a good way to work through the problems you have been facing, because people would know how you are feeling. The machine is able to sense the emotions you have been feeling, so people would be there to comfort you and work through your emotional turmoil. It would make venting about your problems much easier, and less hard to agknowledge

The FACS system is an important and valuable peice of technology for people to use that will most likely become valuable in the near future. It has countless applications, from Police work to Emotional Therapy. In conclusion, Prof. Thomas Huang and Prof. Nibu Sebe has most likely make an invalubale innovation in the scientific feild with many real world and scientific innovations.