Have you ever thought about a car diving you? Well that is exactly what is on many automakers minds. They are called driverless cars and they could possible change the lives of humans every where. Automakers are in the process of creating a car that could potenial prevent accidents, end humans from making mistakes on the road and form a safer and more accurate public transportation system. Driverless cars should definitly be developed.

A diverless car could save peoples lives. How you ask? Well humans make mistakes it is a fact. So a driverless car could help when humans are not able to pay full attention to the road. For example lets say it has been a long day at work and your super tired, driving is not the best option for you right now. This is when the driverless car becomes handy. It could drive you home and potenially save you from an accident from fallin asleep at the wheel. This is just one reason why driverless cars should be developed.

Driverless cars could even keep humans safer than ever before. In driverless cars you can be alerted at any time. It could tell you if your about to hit something or even if you are taking your hands off the wheel. If the car alerts you evrery time you could potenialy be in danger you would never get hurt in a car accident ever again. Some people do not realize this but driving is every dangerous and driverless cars could possible make it safer for humans. So getting a driverless car could help you create a safer enviornment for everyone.

Also driverless cars could provide a safer and more accurate transportatioin system. The cars could be used as taxis but save half the fuel of today's taxis. It would cost less than taking a taxi today which would save you money. A driverless car could also be more accurate on time because every houror so it would'nt need a brake or need to eat or use the bathroom. Its only job would be to help you be transported to the place you need to be.

Over all a driverless car could definitly be more useful to humans. Such as preventing accident, picking up on the mistakes of humans on the road and a safer and more accurate transportation system. Driverless cars could be a revolution that no human would want to miss. This technology could possible improve human society. Between saving peoples lives and saving people money why would you ever say no to diverless cars.        