The article that is called "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" is about the dangers that you could come upon if you go to or explore Venus. Some challenges that can come with when exploring Venus, are temputure, gravity, its atmosphere, body damage, or even death. There have been many mission that scientists have planned to go to Venus.

The first danger that Venus definately has, is its thick atmosphere that's almost 97 percent carbon dioxide that blankets the planet. This is true, because it says "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus." Also no scientists want to go there, because of the even more challenging clouds that are highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the planet's atmosphere. This is also true, because the passage says "Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere.

The second danger that Venus's includes, is its very hot temputures. The passage talks about how the surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, which could even melt a submarine at the bottom of the ocean, and its atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than Earth's. Venus also has the hottest surface temputure out of all the planets in our solar system. These dangers are found from the passage and it says "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our planet." "...such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals. Also notable, Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system...".

Scientists now have been testing simplified electronics made from silicon carbide in a simulator that simulates the chaos of Venus's surface, and so far they have lasted weeks in those conditions. This was found in the passage and it says "... some simplified electronics made of silicom carbon have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." Another project the NASA is working on to get to the planet is a technology from the 1800's and played an important role during World War two, these devices make calculations by the use of gears and levers. This was also found in the passage and it says "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers. These devices were first envisioned in the 1800's and played an important role in the 1940's during World War II." "... but these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all."

Striving to meet the challenges of Venus have been proven to be hard, because of human curiosity which will lead us to intiminating endeavors. We should not be limited by the danger and doubts and decide not to explore. Instead we should explore to gain more experience and new technology.