In today's world our environment is not as healthy as it was year's ago. There are many green house gases disturbing our atmosphere and our ozone layer. One of the main reasons this is happening is due to motor vehicals. Car's, trucks', motorbike's, gasoline powred or diesal powerd, they all hurt our environment. There are some place's that are trying to stop the gases from hurting us and it is helping.

Owning a car is an important way of transportation. It allows us to get from point A to point B in time's that would be much slower if we did not have a car. Yet car's and truck's can sometimes be hurtful. Owning a car can be cost effective, you must pay for the fuel that is hurting the atmosphere, if it breaks down you must pay for expensive parts and service. Even if you have the money and the time to own a car, you are realy still hurting the environment by burning fosil fuels and causing green house gases.

In some place's in the wrold they are reducing car usage. They are having national days where if you use your motor vehical you are to be charged by ticket for some money. In paris there was a week of regulated driving to reduce smog emision. On several day's of the week car's with even numbers on their tag were not able to drive. The next day the odd number did the same, if caught using a motor vehical you would be fined 22£ ($31). People were outraged and some were so angered they didn't like he law and got thier vehical impounded. That is how Paris did their part in helping the atmosphere.

In Bogota, Colombia they had a similar ocasion, but only for one day of the year. They have done the same thing on that specific day for the past 3 years, they too have been charged with tickets for $25 if found using a motor vehical. They also had this day in two other citys in Colombia, Cali, and Valledupar joined in on the fun of helping the environment.

In the U.S President Barack Obama has had goal's to also reduce emision's of motor vehicals. The United State's being one of the main counrty's in car production see's owning a car a culture, they see driving, working on your own car, and racing as a way of life. But some american's have had enough of trafic jam's, stressed out lives in a jam packed city full of car's and truck's causing green house gases. They have reduced the miles driven since 2013, and a good amount of people don't even want to have a license. In crowded city like New York they have started a new bike sharing program, their tolls for bridges and tunnels have skyrocketed. A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. This means people are getting more involved in helping the environment and reducing hurtful gases that hurt our ozone and our atmosphere.    