180 days: the average amount of school days in a year. While many students dread the idea of attending school, students' attitudes towards school can change depending on which schooling option they choose to take part in; however, not all options create an equal opportunity for students. Though some argue that online school is more convenient, public school teaches students necessary life skills that allow them to flourish socially and academically, explore subjects in depth, and better prepare themselves for the future.

Friends are some of the most important figures that we value in our lives. They encourage us to try our best, take chances, and act as a support system. By attending public school, students have the opportunity to meet new people every day. Whether it be through joining a club or trying out for a team, friends are always there to motivate us to be the best individuals we can be and help build our character. Students who learn through online school often miss out on the opportunity to meet new people with common interests because they are isolated to a computer. This is dangerous because it can damage their health and lead to mental issues, such as depression. By constantly being surrounded by peers, public school also improves students' social skills and teaches them to work with others. It is important that students frequently interact with other students their age to build strong communication skills for the future. This is another significant aspect of life that online students are less exposed to and struggle with when they are faced with reality. By attending public school, students are exposed several interactive opportunities that help them work together and build friendships.

One of the major benefits of public school is that students are often more passionate about subjects and feel comfortable when approaching them. Online students do not get many opportunities to take group field trips and study subjects up close. By attending public school, students are exposed to a wide range hands-on activities that expand their learning and bring them closer to the real world. In addition, they can directly ask their teachers questions and receive immediate help. Instead of waiting days or even weeks for a response from a teacher through an e-mail, which online students may struggle with, public school students have the advantage of being present in that moment. By being in the classroom, it is easier for teachers to communicate with their students in person where they have the space to fully explain a subject or demonstrate a lesson. Technology often creates a wall between online students and their teachers, making it difficult for online students to know whether or not their voices are heard or even represented. When names can be matched with faces, connections are immediately created that allow teachers to get to know their students better and construct learning styles in a way that best fits their students needs. This also strengthens the connection between the student and the teacher, allowing the two to build a healthy relationship and help the student feel more comfortable when reaching out for help. As opposed to online school, public school allows students to make personal connections and confidently succeed in life.

Most importantly, public school helps better prepare students for the future. The social skills and real-world experiences that these students are exposed to help make their transition to adulthood more comfortable. By making new friends and learning how to work with their peers, especially in groups, students enhance their ability to positively interact with others and help each other succeed. Class activities and explorations also help students get a better idea of all the different career paths available and teach them the necessary skills they may need to succeed in the future. Online students are often at a disadvantage when they are thrown into the real world because they have not had the space to practice these crucial life skills. Public school benefits students in a way that will impact how they react to society and approach future challenges.

In conclusion, for the sake of future success, public school is more beneficial for students than online school. Public school exposes them to different areas of life and allows them to better handle any situation that may come their way in the future.