Have you ever thought of having a car that could drive itself? It would be a pretty cool car to have but there are some things you have to think about when you consider on buying a car. Of course the car is going to be expansive but what car isnt? There are alot more negative things you have to think about when buying a smart car. Negative aspects of a driveless are is that they are expensive, need many sensors, and they result in many accidents.

A driveless car is very expansive because they have to know the roads, when to stop, how to stop, or when to go. It stated " These smart-road-systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." Driveless cars work well but they are too expensive because they have to know the upgrades of roads. Imagine the cost you have to pay for the car, giving them their money back for the money they spent and work they spent putting into the car. Sensors are a very big issues too in driveless cars.

Driveless cars require many sensors in order for the car to work and drive on its own. It seems cool but what will happen when one of those sensors stopped working and you didnt know? The sensors were placed every where in the car so therefore it can work properly. "Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor..." There is a lot of sensors installed inside the car but something can go very wrong if one of them stop working and the car crashes and injure somebody.

Who fault would it be if someone is injured because of techonlogy failure ? Driveless car are not reliable due to safety concerns. "Manucatures believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proved more reliably safe... If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" If someone is hurt because the technology of the car, you really can't say who to blame. Although the driver can take control of the car at any time so therfore the driver can be at fault because the driver wasn't paying attention to the road. The driveless car is supposed to make the driver aware of danger but it couldn't have if there was an accident so the car can be at fault to. No one really Knows who to blame because both the car and the driver took responsible of the accident and they both could have prevented the accident from happening. If the car would have alerted the driver, the driver could have took control BUT if the driver eas paying attention, he could have once again took control.

There are positive and negative aspects when it comes to driveless cars but of course no one pays attention to the negative. When thinking about purchasing a driveless car you have to think about the cost and your safety concerns. Driveless cars are very expensive because of the sensors that are installed and the upgrades to road. They are dangerous becuase due to technology failure they can result into car accidents. Expence, sensors, and accidents are negative aspect of driveless ares.