Although it does seem like looking back to the past is the right thing, sometimes changing the past can have good effects for the future. The founding fathers that established the United States Constitution also established the Electoral College. Even though it has been used for many years it is the not most accurate form of voting. The popular vote is much more accurate in which the citizens of the United States vote for who they want.

One of the many problems with the Electoral College system is that the citizens of that state don't vote for president. Instead they vote for electors which then vote for president. They vote for the electors that they think are trustworthy and are going to vote for the candadite they want to win. Sometimes voters get confused about the electors an end of voting for the wrong candidate. In addition there can be a tie in the Electoral College and in that case the election would be thown to the House of Reprsentatives where state delegations vote on the president.

Every state receives an amount of point decided by the population of that state. "It is unfair for voters because of the winner takes all system." (Source 2, Paragraph 13) If a state is won by only 3 votes the candidate that wins the state, takes all the points for that state. Therefore it is possible to win the Popular vote and lose the Electoral Vote. In that case the winner of the electoral vote would be pronounced president of the United States of America.

The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. Each state has a favorable amount of democrats or republicans, therefore, candidates don't go to states or run ads in states they know the cannot win due to the state being to far into the enemy party. States that change from a democrat to a republican state and vice versa are called "swing" states. Those are states that the candidates running for president will want to visit and run ads in.

Electoral College has followed us since the Constitution was established, but it is time that we leave it behind and look to a new voting system. We need to abolish Electoral College because it is an unreliable way for to run the campaign for becoming the president of the United States of America.    