I support driverless cars. Driverless cars could make this world a safer place. Driverless cars drive for you if you want it to. If theres a construction area, traffic hold up, or its icey out you can take control of the car. If you ever feel unsafe in the car when you aren't driving you can take control. Its not like these cars are always driving for you. These cars are very impressive.

These cars would start out very expensive because they are so high tech. It would be hard for some people to afford them. If older people buy these cars it would be better for them. It could drive for them at night if they can't see as well. Or younger people that maybe aren't the best at driving. If your parents don't trust you with your liscense these cars would help. It would make your mom worry a lot less. These cars provide safe driving.

Driverless cars steer for you, the seat vibrates when you might be going into a hazardess area where you need to take control, and it has a GPS reciever. If you have an emergency and need to text someone this car provides safety. It will drive for you when you are texting. Hopefully people won't use this car the wrong way and text all the time because you still need to be aware of what's going on around you.

You don't need to worry about wrecking your car if this car is driving for you. If you are driving there is still a chance you could wreck it. Driverless cars have motion sensors and other things that make it safe in that range.

So all in all these cars provide safety. They have so many qualities that make them usable and great cars. This could be one of the best inventions in this world. It could create less crashes, less drunk driving accidents, less texting and driving accidents,and on and on. I hope they make this car to create a better world. It would help people in so many ways. Movies fanticize about driverless cars so why not actually have and use them. Driverless cars are coming no matter what people have to say about them. If you don't agree with them don't buy one, its simple. They say we will have these cars by 2020. Its coming so quick. The destination is almost here. 