The Problem of Distracted Driving

Being on the phone while driving has become a nationwide problem. This problem is due to the increase of the relationship between phone and man. Humans have become more in tuned with their phones rather than paying attention to what is happening in front of them. The cell phone makes the driver lose focus of the road causing many problems. People should not be allowed to use the phone while driving because lives are being loss while people are texting and driving and it is dangerous for everyone on the road. There are two main solutions for preventing using the phone while driving which are either having more police patrol units out to help monitor the roads or having the person set up a self-control system for themselves.

The first prevention method is to have more police patrolling the roads as a way of moderating cell phone usage while people are driving. When people see the police, there is an instant nervous feeling that follows. Instilling fear of tickets or even the idea of going to jail within the people could help control the problem of cell phones and driving. If people see that police are watching, they will instantly do the right thing. Police patrolling can help decrease the numbers of distracted drivers on the road, ensure the safety of the drivers themselves and the people around them.

Setting up units around the road could not only help with distracted driving but also help with situations that put others at risk while being on the road.

These patrol units could be of benefit for numerous problems but distracted driving being the most important. Although it is not an immediate reform to the problem, it is a start for correction.

The final prevention method is to have the people set up self-control systems that not only will ensure the safety of themselves, but the people around them. There are many different systems that can be put in place. One of the first things the driver could do is turn the phone off completely. This will ensure that there is no way the person can use the phone or react to any incoming notifications. If a person is not comfortable with the phone being completely off, then having the phone on silent is the next recommended response to be performed. This can help the driver focus more on the road because the sound of the phone's notifications are not distracting. This is not as effective as turning off the phone because depending on the location of the phone, the driver may be able to see the phone screen light up. If this occurs then the driver can be distracted. The most recommended self-control system is to have the phone completely turned off because it is fully assured that the phone will not be aiding in the problem of distracted driving.

In conclusion, people should not be allowed to use their phones while driving. Driving while distracted is a safety problem that can be corrected. One way of correcting distracted driving with cell phones is to have police units set up on the road watching for any signs of cell phone usage during driving. These police units can ensure the safety of drivers on the road and even pedestrians. There is also the method of drivers setting up their own self-control system. These systems allow for the driver to be responsible for his or her own actions that help with the reforms of distracted driving. The two systems are turning the phone off or having the phone on silent. Turning the phone off is a secure solution for distracted driving because the driver will not have any interaction with the phone. Silencing the phone is the next recommended solution because this allows for the diver to concentrate on the road with a clear mind. These solutions to the problem of distracted driving may not be immediate, but they are a start to helping decrease the dangers that are triggered when distracted driving occurs.    