Generic_Name

Less than a couple decades ago, all students were either going to an actual school building or were being homeschooled. In both of these environments, students had to use textbooks to learn the subjects and a notebook to study the notes you wrote on the subject. Now almost all the information the world has to offer is at the palm of our hand. Technology has developed so rapidly in the recent years that students are able to complete classes and even get a degree just by having a computer and internet access. Taking classes online from home is exactly the same as taking classes at a school, but students who take their classes online at home are able to have less distractions getting in the way of their learning.

In almost every class at a school, assignments and tests are taken on a computer. This being said, online classes taken from home and video lectures are really no different from what is going on inside a classroom, but they do have one big difference. At any school, there is always going to be drama. There is always going to be teachers that you fall half asleep during their lectures. There will also always be the chatter of your peers while in a classroom too. The big benifit of the students taking their classes from home is that they will be in their own comfortable environment. There are not any other students making lots of noise. Most of the time there isn't really a teacher actually teaching students the lesson, rather students will read the information to themselves, making them have to focus on the subject at hand. Students will most likely be able to concentrate more deeply on their learning and be free from the distracting school environment. This gives the students at home more potential to retain information and have a greater understanding of different concepts than the students who attend a school. Students taking classes at home would also be abe to benifit because they can take the classes at their own pace. In most schools, some teachers just talk way too fast or way too slow; Sometimes students can not even comprehend the teacher's hand writing. With having all the information right on a computer, students are able to choose whatever pace is necessary for them to learn the information in their classes. As a result of the flexible time, most students will have the information stay in their heads, making tests and quizzes a lot easier to finish in a short amount of time.

In conclusion, online classes can help students who get distracted easily by the traditional school environment. It also gives the students more potential to have deep understandings of material due to having a flexible learning schedual.