Children in these days have so many pressure in life, but do you know which of theme all is the most terrible stage that they have to face? Well, I believe that the most of all is when our young ones go to school with other types of kids. kids up to teenagers have to face really bad influence from peer pressure, tell them to do wrong stuff , or even change their personal attitude against their parents. So the question is do you think students would be benefit from being able to attend classes from home? I would have to say yes, because if i was a parent i would rather be able to over throw that obstacle of their way and do not have to worry about it. one reason why i say this because my sister is having this problem in her school with this so called "friends" that she was hanging out. And later my parents found out she had a instrugram account without my parents permission of creating an account by her self and not only that she was also had some stupid photo of her putting her middle figure up for profile photo . second reason why students should take online courses for school is because students who take home school are more advanced then regular students and are able to take their own time and past at home. for example,I have faithful friend who i known for some years that is right now is both 10 and 11. He tells me that he loves more than when he was attended to a public school because it was really stressful for him from all the homework,peer pressure,drugs,and the time he wanted to take to do other sorted of stuff he wanted to do. My last reason is students can learn or change their way of doing things or just how they act differently thought the years go by until they graduate from school. I think to my self,what if all the students of the world would not do this tragic things,or if we all was perfect humans beings and just do what we have to do in life to succeed our goals in life. But,unforgelaly not. Because we live in this world of hate and full of death. In conclusion, i do believe that students should have the opportunity to have home school or online courses they can take to prevent to peer pressure,to take their own time,and to to be influence by bad people at public school.              