Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning durning their break. To be certain, students are continuesly learning some schools support the idea of projects assigned durning the students summer break. Those who agree with this idea believe that summer projects will help student for the year to come. Others who disagree beileve summer break should not be invaided by school work. For summer projects to be effective it should be teacher-designed because the teacher is an experts, knows student limites, and knows if the students will put forth effort into the project.

For teachers to have to ablilty to teach a specific class they require a certain degree level in that subject, making that teacher an expert. For example if an earth science teacher were to assign a summer project on the earth's layers that teacher could take a complicated subject, and explain it in a simple way for students to understand. From talking about the earths core elements to how our earth looks the way it does today. These difficult topics for students to understand can be simplified because the teacher is an expert on those lessons. Now summer projects can be better understand when the teacher explains the topic in the correct way.

Through out the year teachers learn to how their students best learn and understand a topic. Meaning the teacher will know how much of a work load his or her students can take. Having this in mind the teacher will be able to prolong or shorten the students summer project to their ability. Students stress over many small unmeaningful things. A teacher having that in mind will cut back or lengthen the amount of work students will be required to do through out the summer. So students can still be able to enjoy and relax durning summer break.

While knowing students limits with how much work his or hers students can undertake, the teacher will also now if the students will care enough to put effort into their summer project. Again teachers know how their students will behave with the amount of work given over the summer, and if the student will put effort into their project. Given the fact that it is summer and students will want to get the project done and over with the student best efforts will not be put in. So with that in mind the teacher will have to in a extra credit or a prize to make sure the student will try their best and complete the summer project.

Inconclusion having a teacher-designed summer project will help students learn in the best way possible because of their ability to simplify complicated topics. Lessen or increase the amount of work the students will be required to do by knowing their knowloge capability. And lastly knowing the amount of effort a student will put forth into the project. By giving to student a prize or extra credit for completeing the project with the students best effort. That is why summer project should be teacher-designed.                      