Some students rather attend school from home, but personally, it's notably more beneficial to attend classes from school. It is too big of a responsibility for students to wake up in their very own home and do their work and assignments. Also, It's much more interactive and reliable to be in the school enviornment. It's also much easier to achieve higher grades and expand on learning abilities.

The responsibility of having students wake up early in the morning and learn is enormous. Having to do work from the household is easily distracting to the students. They are surrounded by games, and devices that are not obtainable at school. There is a different mentality of being in a home rather a place built around learning. When at home, students are not used to spending hours upon hours learning and doing their assignments, and when bored or tired have easy access to avoiding their work and abandoning their tasks. Simply going for a drink of water or gaining easy access of electronic use with no monitorization is time subtracted from the required learning.

The enviorment of school is built around thorough plans of keeping students engaged and learning. In school, there is supervision, enforcement by the teachers and administration given to the students to do their work. Not only are students encouraged to do their work in school, but they're given more opportunities to learn their subjects and material. Students having assistance and guidance from their teachers, staff, and peers is beneficial to them because it gives them the chance of asking questions and having one on one help that's not given over a digital screen. This help leads to better grade results and better performance by the student.

There is much more than just learning that students benefit from attending a school rather their home. They're introduced to new people. Students develop social skills and bonds that they don't even know about. . There are many cases of homeschooled students who complain in the future on how awkward they are when they speak to new people, or how they interact with others. Having the chance to socialize with those nearby, speaking with them , and experiencing events with them eliminates this problem and leads to skills and relationships in the future. Attending schools sets up students for the future in not just academic or educational ways.

It's important that students are not secluded from the outside world in the future and have the chance to strive for success. Rather being in the confined, comfort of their own home, students are given more opportunities and a chance at a better life. It's concluded that schools are more beneficial to a students overall success.        