Dear Principal,

I know you are very concerned about the issue of having cell-phones in school but I have an idea that benefits us as students and the staff like you at our middle school.

My idea is to allow cell-phones during lunch periods or any other time of the school day when we aren't in class, but all students must have cell-phones turned off during regular classes. This idea not only helps and benefits us in so many ways but there is also nothing wrong with it!

There are plenty of ways that this benefits us students and i can show you how. If we have our cell-phones for lunch or any other free period we can use them to contact our parents. This way if we need to stay after school one day, or if they need to bring something important into school that we left home... all we have to do is simply call or even text message them it's that easy. We can even use them for emergencies or personal issues. If we are having an emergency and for some reason are not able to use the phones provided at the school, and your rule is to allow no cell-phones inside the school premises... well then we are going to be trapped! If you don't allow cell phones at school and we need to contact someone immediately no one is going to have a phone on them and something seriously bad could happen to someone. Even if you have a personal and private issue and your mother or father have no access of contacting you other than your cell-phone then there is going to be one serious problem.

Don't think i forgot about you and the rest of the staff though because there is also plenty of ways this benefits you and the rest of our school staff. Having our cell-phones turned off during classes makes it so there is no possible way that we can cheat on a test. That way you wouldn't even have to worry about a problem like that. It would definitely be no distraction what so ever to the class because we would understand the serious consequences of having a cell-phone on during a regular class period. This also can help you by having way less kids running in and out of the office trying to use the one phone the school has! If most kids have their own cell-phone then the office phone would rarely ever be busy with kids trying to contact their parents. When we are allowed to have our cell-phones on there is nothing that can go wrong. If we are just in a free period or lunch it's not like we can cheat on anything or use our cell-phones for anything other than what's necessary and i am very sure that students would never take advantage of having that rule.

I really hope that you can take this into thought, it would be such an honor for us students to have you agree to this rule, please and thank you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME