There's studies that show 20% more people gain more knowledge when physically being in school. There's a ongoing debate over which is more beneficial , going to school or doing school courses online. To me, going to school is more beneficial because you get to ask questions if you are stuck and you get to socialize wit all your friends. There are those who say that attending class online is better, but this is not true. Those who tend to believe that is because they may prefer working alone or just like to cheat. Although some may disagree, Physically going to school is better because you get to ask to teacher for help on anything you need(in or out of school), It's a way to get out the house for a good 6 hours, if students don't eat at home then the school will provide them with food to increase brain flow, and you won't have to be socially isolated.

There are a variety of reasons why physically going to school is better. Teachers will assist you with anything you need help or advice with. If you're confused on school work then they will help you the best way they can. Or even at home if something is going on at home you're scared to talk to your parents about, then they may be a substitution for your parents.

Also

, it's a time consumer being in school for 6 hours. It helps students be doing something constructive instead of sitting in the house all day. It gives your parents time to do their daily duties.

Furthermore,

If students don't eat at home , the school will provide them with the food and nutrients they need. When students eat food it increase brain flow and help student think better. A reason for students not eating at home is their family may be poor.

Another reason attending school physically is better are the friends/associates unlike being trapped in the house being socially isolated. You are able to work with friends during a class assignment if teacher allows it. If so working with friends could get the job done quicker.

In addition

, you're having fun while doing it. During group activities, it's a possibility that at least 2 people will become new friends. This can happen by knowing about each other common interest. Learning about each other could make yall just the best of friends.

Altogether

, if you have good friends,they can help you better yourself. They help you better yourself by keeping you on the right path. They also help during emotional stress when you're at the lowest point in life.

Although some may disagree, Actually going in the school building is better due to the fact of your teacher helping you with all your needs, It lets your parents get the free time they need to do what they have to do, and the school is gonna feed you while you socialize with friends. Teachers,friends, and school food can make a person be more beneficial to themselves in life, not just in school. There are those who believe that attending school electronically is better because of them making their own schedule, being able to stay home and it's easy to cheat but this is not true due to the fact of you're not really learning anything if you can't ask a question when you have a problem, and you may just wanna give up or be distracted by something better than work.

Moral of the story

, Don't be lazy trying to stay home, go to school, socialize with people, and have fun, your life is still young. Don't waste it being socially isolated.                                          