Before our students had smart boards, laptops, and phones, the classrooms they learned in consisted of a teacher, desks, and a chalk board. Technology is advancing at an astounding rate, so why not utilize it for our children's education? After all, distance learning offers more effective teaching, a more comfortable environment, and is more inexpensive and gives greater benefits to students.

More consistent and personalized education can be achieved through distance schooling. Because teachers can connect with students from anywhere, the number of teachers can increase to match the growing number of students. With fewer students per teacher, students will be able to receive higher quality, thorough answers with their questions. Furthermore, they can also receive more help on request. Tutors can be employed along with teachers through this system to help students after their lessons are over. Classes can be more easily rearranged, so students with greater potential can be moved to enrich their learning and facilitate their growth, while students at risk of failing can receive more detailed instruction and extra help.

Students are often more comfortable in their own homes. Pressure from their peers to fit in and from the school administration to perform is more tangible in a traditional setting, so online schooling will reduce the overwhelming forces of stress and depression. By removing the traditional classroom setting, they are less prone to stress inducing behaviors and situations like horseplay or teasing. Along this same line of reasoning, this also reduces the risk of bullying and harassment. Students are able to focus more on their learning and performance in class when they are not subject to bullies and their sycophants. There are also fewer negative influences on the behavior of these students. Gangs and drugs, while prohibited in schools and by the law, still proliferate in school settings despite our efforts to contain them. Without any physical way to indoctrinate students, gangs, and drugs with them, will eventually be evicted from schools.

On top of the behavioral and mental benefits of online schooling, the cost of its requirements are lower as a whole. Because there is no need to maintain a school building or buy paper and pens for their students every year, the funds previously used to upkeep these things can be redirected to benefits for the students. Although some may argue that students will lose some benefits, such as lunches, libraries, or counseling, these services will be able to transition online. Lunches can be delivered, libraries can offer e-books online, and counselors are just an email away. With an increasing number of schools offering a one-to-one laptop plan, these laptops can be upgraded with better hardware and data plans to handle online schooling, and then distributed to students. The price of a laptop is comparable to textbooks. However, laptops are multi-purpose. They can facilitate learning and research, and offer entertainment and fast communication. Schools are becoming more crowded as the number of students increase exponentially, and schooling from home will declutter these buildings. Both students and schools stand to benefit from this switch.

In the near future, many schools will have to renovate and expand to accept the perpetually growing number of students. But what happens after there is too much growth for the newly renovated school? The already dreary conditions students face in schools, low quality education, bullying and harassment, and mental health problems, will be compounded by the high number of students and lack of staff. By transitioning from traditional classrooms to online schools, students will reap the benefits. Online school is an clear upgrade from the classroom. There is no reason to not switch to distance schooling.