SOME SCHOOLS OFFER DISTANCE LEARNING AS AN OPTION FOR STUDENTS TO ATTEND

CLASSES FROM HOME BY WAY OF ONLINE OR VIDEO CONFERENCING. DO YOU THINK

STUDENTS WOULD BENEFIT FROM BEING ABLE TO ATTEND CLASSES FROM HOME:

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. Parents do not want their children to attend classes from home. Students will not get much benefits, whoever if they live in a place that is far away from school or they can't attend school for any reason then its has benefits. I'm not agree that students should attend classes from home because students can have stress, students can not pay attention very well, and the most important fact is that it will affect on students' grades.

The first reason is that the students can get stressed everyone time whenever they attend the class online because i know that its not easy to take classes online. students have to pay more attention. They can not understand very well by online or on video conference. It will be hard for students to learn or to understand their lesson online. Students will be stressed out because no one will be there to help them, not any teacher and either any friend (any other student).

The second reason why students should not take classes at home is that they will not able to pay attention by taking online classes. it does not feel like the school environment. students will spent more time on their school. At least in schools we pay more attention than doing our homework at home, because we mostly spend our time on our devices (cell phone) and on the television by watching episodes, cartoon movies, other movies, and etc.

The third reason is that it also affect on students grades and in the future they can not attend their favorite college. They won't able to understand the lesson, they will get bad grades in all subjects. It is so important to attend the classes at school, then you will know what is going on. students can ask teachers if they are having problems in their lesson. teachers can help them during school timing or after school. It will be easy for students to understand or to pay attention and they can get good grades too in all their subjects.

Students should not take classes at home. It will affect on their grades because they will not able to pay attention, they will get stressed out because if student need help, no one will be there to help them for their studies or their lessons, and it will be hard to pay attention at house by doing online studies. 