When it comes to advice, who should we ask? Some of us may have a best friend or a trusted adult that we talk to about certain feelings, but maybe seeking advice from multiple people is more beneficial. Talking to different types of people gives others the opportunity to view things from different perspectives. Perhaps, the person giving advice has already been in that situation. Or, someone disagrees with the advice a specific person gives. There are many reasons to get opinions from more than one person.

Different types of people will, of course, have different opinions, perspectives, and thoughts on the advice they are asked for. Religious beliefs, logic, and their environment, will all play an important role for their answer. For example, the advice seeker's mother most likely won't have the same answer as their father. And a police officer wouldn't have the same ideas as a chemist. Ideas can vary from person to person.

Another idea to expand on, is the fact that others may have already experienced what the advice seeker is asking about. For instance, someone who has never been to an amusement park is nervous about the different rides and ask their friend, who has visited the place many times, whether they should be afraid or not. They tell them it can be a bit scary at first, but after the second or third time, they'll get used to it. That would be an example of how getting advice from others with experience is a good idea.

The last reason to seek advice from a large range of people, is because a disagreement could occur. Looking at advice from another perspective can be a positive experience, but there could always be a chance the advice seeker does not agree with the person giving the advice. A solution to this would be observing how others would react to the situation, and getting an overall view of how they should handle it. There's even a possibility that they rethink what the first person told them because they also disliked the other advice they were given.

So, in conclusion, advice can be seen from many different viewpoints. Certain factors, such as religion, the logic that person uses, and how they grew up, all affect the way someone thinks, resulting in a different answer than, say, the next door neighbor. It's good to be able to find and communicate with people who have already been in the situation, that way, it makes looking for the right answer much less difficult. Though, there are also times when an advice seeker just doesn't agree with the answer they are given. In that case, having different people to share and receive ideas with is important not only the advice seeker, but the advice giver.