After a long day at school, many students come home to what others would classify as a long and boring afternoon filled with absolutely nothing. What if the students could go out and enjoy themselves by heading to an extracurricular activity of their choice? At Generic_School, all students will have this chance! All students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

Obviously, students would develop and strengthen their skills/knowledge of their chosen activity. The Generic_School board proves that students are much more likely to succeed when they have a strong understanding of a subject they enjoy. By engaging in at least one extracurricular activity, students would be able to improve the knowledge they have of that particular activity. This idea not only brings education outside the classroom, but engages students in something they are truly passionate about. Extracirricular activities offer education without the hassle and means of being at school, which can be very draining for many students.

In addition, there is a perfect extracurricular activity for everyone. The principal of Generic_School (Generic_School) has promised

15 new extracurricular activities that will include transportation from the school. There is no need to be concerned about finding the perfect activity, the school has go you covered. The possibilities of activities are endless. They include anything from athletics to academics, or just plain fun!

Even more so, students will have the chance to improve their bonds and friendships through the time dedicated to these activities. Harvard University conducted a study stating, "students become more social when in an environment that requires it". With these activities, the isolation many students feel could disappear as students would have the chance to meet people who share common interests. This opportunity is unavailable at school since students are grouped together based on classes not their personal interests.

Unfortunately, many people still believe extracurricular activities are expensive and a waste of time. According to Instagram. com, user @TimmyTurner claimed he had a terrible experience with his extracurricular activity. He claimed it was extremely expensive and hard to keep up with due to unreasonable "issues". This however is not true for Generic_School students. They will have the opportunity to change their activity once if they dislike it. In addition, the school worked with each actiivity specialist and tried to keep the prices very low. Generic_School understands that not everyone will be able to afford their activities. For this reason, the school will sponsor 100 children from families in need of financial help.

By participating in at least one extracurricular activity, student will develop and strengthen skills towards that activity, have the chance to find the perfect activity, build bonds with others, and get financial help. All students should be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Believe me, it is much easier to sit at home and watch Netflix all afternoon. However, nothing can compare to doing something you love with the people you care about. Every child should have the opportunity to have that much fun... right? 