Phones & Driving

1. Today the majority of adults and teens own or operate a cell phone. The average person is claimed to spend about three hours on a cellular device daily, for others that number is much higher. With cell phones constantly being upgraded and advancing, it makes it more tempting for individuals to buy them and cause people to use them more than what is necessary. This leads to adults and teens to even be tempted to use them even while on the road. Should drivers be able to use a cell phone in any captivity while behind the wheel? Even if it's for something as simple as only using it for GPS directions. It's all up to the way the driver uses that privilege. The usage of a phone while driving should be avoided as much as possible, especially texting and driving. When you think about it, texting and driving is the equivalent to driving intoxicated or under the influence. By taking the chance and texting while driving Your putting you and innocent pedestrians in danger.

Too many people have lost their lives because someone was not being cautious, being on their device and not paying attention to the road, distracted by their phone trying to reply to a simple message that can wait till you are safely parked or not on the road. Why risk getting a ticket and having to pay money or even getting arrested or possible taking a life just by being careless and making a little mistake you could have easily refrained from. Your only increasing the chance of you getting into an accident and endangering someone's life, and if a wreck does happen is likely insurance would cost more because of the situation. You being in the wrong and caused the wreck, meaning you would have to pay more for the insurance Texting and driving is not only very dangerous it has been made illegal but yet there are still individuals who feel they just need to use their phone while behind the wheel. In conclusion, the overall usage of a cell phone.....that's why teenagers shouldn't drive with the cell phone an be on the phone because u can be focused on the phone with messages and calling an get in a crash an that's good if You got a GPS but phone are not good while driving in the dark it can costed Accident especially when you can't see an got the light in yo face an it's always good to have another person in the car with a phone an your driving.   