Sometimes people ask for advice to hear other peoples opinion. It's important to ask when you need help or you just need someone to talk to. people give adivce differently. I ask my teacher and my role models for advice all the time it really doe's help make the right choices. When you ask multiple people you get more then one answer that you can chose from.

Before we got ready for our sol I asked some of the English teachers for advice and my tutor so I can pass. When

I asked for advice they gave me good things to do like breath in and out so I wont get over whelmed and give up on my self. when my sol came up they still gave me advice I

was really happy with the advice they gave me.

When I needed advice on what to do with a drama situation I asked my teacher and my sister because I knew they would give me good advice on what to do. My teacher asked me how long have we been friends I said for 3 years, she said do you really want to risk your friendship over drama I said well she always have been like this and he always bring drama where she goes and she was being fake and petty. When I say she was being fake and petty I mean

I would try to talk to her she would walk around me and not talk to me and she would act like she doesn't know me when she was with her other friends she would just do that but when it was just me and her she would act like she was my best friends, So my teacher had said yeah she was being really fake and she notice that we didn't talk like we use to. So to help that situation and not be involve in drama I stopped being her friend I didnt need the negative in my life I just need to focus on school so I can go to collage and graduated. I don't need friends to do to that I just need my family and the people that love me.

When ever I

asked my sister for advice she always has very good adivce for me. She always use to tell me you will see whose your real friends and whose just fake. One time at my 14th birthday party my cousin told me my party was a hot mess but really it was very fun. It was just night time so many of us didn't want to do a lot but she wanted to play a game that none of us knew and wanted to play so she got mad because everyone was on there phones just because she wanted to play. but I just had to call my sister outside we were in an RV and she was in her room so I called her for advice because I

was really upset when she said my party was a hot mess. My sister said well don't let anyone ruin your day if your having fun that's all that matters. I asked everyone were they having fun they yelled and said yeah so I was happy after the little pep talk.

when you talk to more then one person it makes what ever you need help with become way easier to deal with because you will have different stuff that you know that people told you. The more you ask people for advice the more adivce you can give when someone asks you for advice. There are so many ways to do the right thing and to make good choices. It's good to ask more then one person. You just never know if they have gone what you have gone through the same thing you going through. When every asking for advice you take it and don't do anything stupid and get in trouble. You have to use it wisely. 