Cars may seem like a great new way to get around but have you ever actually done your research on a car and what they do to the world? You may want to do some reasearch on how cars are actaully not good of an idea to use on a daily basis. There are a lot of citys and towns that want to stop the daily use of cars. Cars may seem like a good idea and like some  people say "yay I dont have to walk anymore" but if you really knew what cars do then you wouldnt really like them anymore.

Cars produce so much pollution in the air, its sickening to know how much they reqally produce. Can you imagine how polluted new york city may be because of so many cars, busses, etc? I think thats why a lot of states are doing the train system, to stop so much pollution and to reduce the amount of cars we use. Like florida for example are starting the "sunrail" which is a train system that will take you all the way around town. Also look at this, so many "smart" cars are coming soon and electric cars where you charge your car and then you can just go drive and not get gas. They are actually making charging stations for electeric cars now.

If you start to limit your car use and start using a bus, train, etc you are also saving so much money on gas. like the amount of money you save on gas you can be buying yourself those shoes you wanted or that game youve been wanting to bad. The world is filled with so much pollution and nasty chemicals in the air and some of that is because of your car.. trucks also have so much pollution that its just sickening. Wouldnt it be great if your kids and your grandkids wont have to use a car and they will actaully probably live longer because there isnt as many chemicals in the skies. We may be living longer then the people back then but they didnt have cars so they didnt have any issues with pollution.

Car accidents, thats the most dreaded word ever. I dont think anyone wants to get a phone call saying someone you love or care about has been in a car accident. Thats the worst possible thing. You rarely see accidents with trains, or busses. I think its such a great idea to lower our use of cars and start using other ways to get arond. Most of us have 2 legs we should actually use them sometime and not be lazy and always want to drive places. People back then didnt have that option they either walked or didnt go anywhere at all. So we should lower/stop our use of cars.    