Phones and driving

People should not be able to text or be on their phones while driving, every year car accident rates get higher and it's all caused by phones, it's even a proven fact 1 out of 4 car accidents are caused by phones. According to "Orlando health article by Benjamin Kaplan" it states that "one out of 20 drivers use a phone once they get into their car" this makes you over 4 times more likely to get into a car accident. The article talks about how you're more likely to see teens in car accidents because of cell phones than adults now, this is because technology is made to grab the attention to teenagers, instead of putting their phones on do not disturb they rather risk their lives just to send a text.

There's many ways people can try and stop texting and driving and stop family and close family members from risking their lives like in some states have the "no hands law" where you can't have your phone in your hands which is a step forward to lowering car accident rates also in most places it's illegal to text and drive. Another good things phones have on them is a "do not disturb" app that makes sure your phone doesn't receive notifications, which will help with making you not check your phone because there isn't really a point. Also before you pick up your phone you should think about the lives you are risking (pedestrians, whoever you are in the car with and whoever you get into the accident with) is it really worth checking your phone if there's so many consequences?

Being on your phone while driving can lead to more outcomes than you may know. think about this, texting and diving then getting in a car accident will lead to insurance rates going up, may cause somebody to lose their life or cause permanent damage to your body. Depending on how bad the car accident is, it might lead to brain damage in the article "all types of car injuries by FindLaw" it talks about how some of the long term effects are back problems or spine injuries. a lot of people end up having bad sleep paralysis. Also then you have to worry about hospital bills. Why risk your health over something that can wait?

In conclusion, texting or just being on your phone can lead to so many outcomes, just because today you were on your phone and everything turned out good it doesn't mean everything will turn out good the next day as well. Texting and driving can lead to death, injuries, and higher bills. This is why I believe that people shouldn't be on their phones and drive.                   