In a world that is beginning to become so reliant on technology, it isn't hard to fathom the idea that a computer can recognize emotions. Facial Action Coding System (FACS) can do just that, but some people may ask. "What uses does this really have for us, other than invading someone's privacy." The most clear answer is education. Education in and out of the classroom can improve with the help of FACS. FACS can help a teacher become aware if a student is bored or tired, the system can show when a student reacts positively to something, and lastly, it can help improve the safety of students everywhere.

Going to school can be stressful, tiring, and boring. With the help of FACS, a teacher can recognize when a student is feeling any of those emotions, and change how he or she is teaching a lesson. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." When FACS notifies the teacher that a student is bored, tired, or confused it can be a cue to either change the lesson, or see if the student needs extra help on any material.

On the other side of the spectrum, FACS can be used to replicate lessons or actions that students reacted positively too. "...new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements-" When these emotions are tracked, the lesson that is being taught to the class can be altered to better the success of the student. When a student reacts negatively to something that was said or shown, the software can take note that a student didn't like that. Then the lesson can be changed so the student can focus more on the learning rather than what they do or don't like.

Lastly, the safety of students has always been a number 1 priority at schools, but what about outside of school? Usually when something bad happens to a student outside of school, it can affect them at school too. "By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions." If a student comes to school and is trying to hide an emotion, the software can pick up on it. From there the teacher can then take over and approach the student in a more appropriate matter. The software eliminates the need for a teacher or counseler to guess how a student is feeling. If a situation, especially one regarding the saftey and well-being of students can be solved faster with the help of FACS, then there is no reason to no have the software installed in a classroom.

FACS is a tool that can be used by teachers around the world to better the education experience of their students. Knowing when a student is bored or tired, knowing when to recreate a situation based on a students positive reaction, or knowing when a child or teenager could be in potential danger, can make the difference that the education system sorely needs. With FACS help, the classroom won't just become more fun for the students and easier for the teachers, but it will also become a much safer and friendly environment than it already is.    