The people, the people, the people that's all you ever hear presidents talk about. "I care what's best for the people" or "It's the people's vote", if that's true though then why do we still have the electoral college. The electoral college is a creation of our founding fathers and yes it might have worked then, but times have changed. The electoral college is now just taking away the people's votes, has the 'disaster factor', and because of the electoral college many canditdates only focus on swing states.

To start, if it's all about the people then how come our votes don't count. Instead of voting for the president we are voting for who the electors vote for, if they even follow what we say.  Although the exerpt from "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" disagrees with me, in paragraph 18 they give the perfect example to prove my point. In the 2000 election of Gore and Bush, Gore had more popular votes than Bush, but still had fewer electoral votes. In other words the people voted for Gore, but instead we got Bush! So if it's all about the people of this great country then why did we not get our choice of president.

Next, the 'disaster facter' is described in source 2 otherwise known as the excerpt from " The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong". In paragraph 11 it talks about how in 1960 the segregationists in the Louisiana Legislature tried, and nearly succeeded, in hand picking electors who they believed would be opposed to Kennedy. So what if next time do they succeed and the vote doesn't go the way the people want. As if that isn't enough reason, also in 1960, Hawaii sent two slates of electors to Congress! Luckily, President Nixon saved the day or that could have been yet enough fiasco the electoral college created.

Lastly, when canidates know for sure they don't have a states vote or even that they do have a states vote they tend to not visit those states. In source 3 it says that it makes them a more successful president because they don't only have regional appeal. However, it also makes it so they aren't connecting with every regional only the swing states so what about the states that are for sure to one canidate do they just not get to hear from their future president? The idea of an electoral college is making it so only certain states get to talk to the canidates and that's not fair.

In sumamary, why do we need the electoral college if all it does is cause problems. You could say that there's less of a chance of the larger states over powering the ones with less population, but at least then it's in the peoples hand what happen. The electoral college takes away the peoples power, has the disaster factor, and the canidates ignore certain states. All in all the electoral college is causing more problems then we need, let's finally make the election the people's vote.    