In "The Challenge of Explorating Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it persents. The author supports their claim with the excitement in their tone, never negative about a situation, just eager to figure out a solution. In the passage, it is talked about how important the explorations of Venus really is by how comparable it was to Earth in the past. It most likely was once, the most Earth-like planet, "probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life..." (Paragraph 4)

Dedicated to the study of Venus, the author claims how not even the dangers will get in his way. They will just simply work their way around them. What makes the study of venus so important is the large possiblity that it used to be just like how Earth is now. If that's true, first off, the only way to be able to know that for certain is to study it. Secondly, we need to know the dangers of what our world could become. In paragraph 8 of "The Challenge of Explorating Venus", The author says, "Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors. Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." In this quote, the detrmination of the author clearly shines through. There are many "challenges" of venus, like the clouds in the atmosphere made up of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, and how the surface temperature would liquify many mentals. But like in the quote, the studies of Venus need to be continued so that people aren't left to wonder if our would could become like Venus.

The author supports his claim by presenting us with what we could be left without if the studies woudld have to stop. We would be left with no explination of the future of our own planet. Left without the knowledge of what Venus is like. Left to wonder. No one would ever get anywhere if they just gave up when things got hard, and that's what The author is trying to prove. The studies of Venus are extremely valuble, so why would they quit without trying to find a solution. Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents.