Should we keep the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the President of the United States? We should change to election by popular vote for the President. "Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL- CIO all agreed on Abolishing the Electoral College. According to a Gallup poll in 2000 shortly after Al Gore won popular vote from the Electoral College but lost the Presidency. 60% of voters would prefer a direct election like the one we have now."

What is wrong with the Electoral College? The Electoral College system voters vote not for the President but also for a slate of electors, whom which in turn to elect the President. The Electoral College is an anachronism. "The Electoral College is not a democratic in modern sense, its the electors who elect the president not the people." For exmaple President Obama received 61.7% of the electoral vote comparison to 51.3% popular votes casted for him and Romney.

"Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast." 1968 - Nixon; 1992 - Clinton only had 43% plurality of the popluar vote, while winning majority in Electoral College. "Pressure for run - off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; the pressure which would complicate the presidential election process, which is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner."

"Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state." In 2000 Fiasco was the biggest ekection crisis in a century. State Legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. The Electoral College is unfair to voters because of the winner take all system in each state. The candidates don't spend the time in states they know that they have no chance of winning, they only focus on the tight races.

Should we keep the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the President of the United States? We should change it to election by popular vote. The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and is irrational. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole are in agreement for abolishing the Electoral College.                    