Some students are really busy and do not have time for sports or extracurricular activities while others may have a lot of time and really like stuff like that so I think it should be the students choice. A lot of students have other things to do when they get home but some students may really enjoy doing sports or extracurricular activities. Everybody has a life outside of school or work so they may not have to do any extracurricular activities they may have something going on in their personal life.

I think it should be the students choice weather they do extracurricular activities or not. Some students may have other things to do when they get home and can't do anything. They may really enjoy sports or being on the yearbook, or being student council. Some students could also be doing sports outside of their school distract and cant handle doing two sports at a time. Maybe they are really shy and are scared that they will not make friends. Some students can make friends easier than others.

Sometimes they could just have other things going on in their life. All students have homework so they could be really stressed out about their homework and getting it done. Students also have a personal life outside of school so they could have something going on in their personal life and cant do an extracurricular activity. Sports or any other activity could just be really stressful for some students and they just dont want to do it.

They could really like sports or being on yearbook, or being students council. Some students are really good at sports and other activities and may really like it. Extracurricular actives are not always everyone thing but some students really like it. All students are different and some might just find it easier.

Everyone should chose what they want to do and sports or any other extracurricular actives may just not be what they want to do. Everyone has lives outside of school and you never know what is going on it someone else life. Everyone is different and some people may just not want to do extracurricular actives. Thats why I think students should chose what they want to do.              