They say some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing. I agree that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because some students rather attend to a class at home than at the school so they can focus more; However, some students suffer from bullying, and they rather stay at home and study than attend to school and get bullied again and again. Attend to school at home is a different type of learning is at your own place you got peace.

Attend to school at home is different when you talk about focus, at home, you at your own place quiet, you don't have people around you to stop you or distract you. One day at high school I was trying to focus for a test retake but I coudn't because my friend kept distracting me and that made fail my retake. If I was at home learning in peace without distractions maybe I would pass the test. The point is that studying at home is quiet and calm what can help you successfully at your school grades.

One of the biggest reasons students attend to classes at home is due to bulllying every high school students suffer from bullying whats is wrong but we can't change people we got sometimes you got to change your strategy so you can live a healthy life, thats why some students decide instead of getting bullied every day attend to school at home. I had a problem at freshman year that i've got bullied every time because of how skinny I was and I was kind sad, all my grades went down and I didn't knew what to do;Therefore, if I decided to attend school at home I woudn't have to face this problem every school day. In this case being abble to attend school at home helps a lot of students.

Allthrough, attend school at home got some issues too, when you attend school at home you don't socialize, you don't get to know a lot people, One of my favorite soccer player once said that "the only thing that attending school at home does not help is at socializing, meeting new people." that's of the reason not a lot people attend school at home, because they like to meet new friends, being together with people that you like.

Therefore, students benefit from being able to attend classes at home, you can focus more and you is a option that you can take if you have any obstacle in your way at school such as bullying or something like that, nowadays is more common to see people taking online classes. All the schools should have online classes that you can take at home so every student can study the way they want to study;Therefore, students benefit by being able to attend classes at home.