Phone and driving

According to, "Cell phone use while driving statistics and texting and driving facts" show that this behavior is common and dangerous for teen drivers. Teens that are driving can be easily distracted while being on their phone. Cell phones have not been around of a long time but it have become a key part of our lives. Everyone at least use cell phones everyday some are addicted to there but it also can be dangerous when you are using it when you are driving, It can cause the person to get in a car accident or worse. Although being on your phone help you reach your destination but people should not use their phone while driving because it will cause an distraction, it should be prevented, and it puts innocent lives at risk.

Its very important to keep your eyes on the road while driving because it can cause a distraction. According to, "NHTSA distracted driving" Distracted driving is any activity that diverts attention from driving, including talking or texting on your phone, eating and drinking, talking to people in your vehicle, fiddling with the stereo, entertainment or navigation system - anything that takes your attention away from the task of safe driving. Some people get distracted easily when they are on their phone they might take their eyes off the road which can lead to a accident. According to, "Facts and Statistics: Distracted driving" Activities that take drivers' attention off the road, including talking or texting on cellphones, eating, talking with passengers, adjusting vehicle controls and other distractions, are a major safety threat. Its very unsafe to text or call because it could but your life at risk. If you get your eye off the road for second it can become hazards or dangerous. It can be very dangerous for teens while using a phone while driving.

When people are on the phone driving is putting yourself and others lives at risk which is very dangerous. According to, "Texting while driving puts other at risk" Texting while driving doesn't only put the driver texting at risk, but also everyone else on the road. Its very important to have your eyes on the road and not being on your phone. You can easily get in a car accident or might kill someone while being on your phone. According to, "The Risks of Texting while Driving" On average, teens are the most inexperienced drivers out there, and they are also the most addicted to texting. Teens are at a higher risk when operating a car while on the phone. Most teens don't see the danger when it comes to driving while using their phone.

Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving. They are ways to prevent being on your phone so you don't put yourself or other at risk. You should put your phone on do not disturb so that you don't get distracted or to check your phone while driving. According to. "Ways to Avoid Texting While Driving" keep your phone out of reach or if it is that urgent to send a message or answer the phone, take a few extra minutes to pull safely off the road and then text or answer the phone. Everyone life matter not your phone because you don't need to put your life or others at risk because you are texting. Your phone is not important than your life so don't be on your phone while operating a car. According to, "34 Texting and Driving Statistics That Will Make You Put Your Phone Down" Commit to driving safe, your text messages are important, but getting to your destination safely is even more important. Everyone should be safe when they are driving and laws are are being made to try to prevent this.

In conclusion, nobody should not use their phone while driving because people on the road are at a risk. Everyone safety should be first not their phones. Drivers can get injured and it puts innocent people life at risk and could lose their life or can be crippled because a person was texting and driving at the same time. Texting and driving need to come to a stop so teens and adults don't die and not only is texting while behind the wheel bad enough itself it can cause serious damage to the driver and the passengers and the people surrounding you. Driver should know the position they putting themselves and others and they should never have their attention on their phone. They should keep their eyes on the road.                            