In today's growing world to many it may seem as if living without a car would be impossible. Our ever evolving lifestyles and cultures though may prove otherwise. Across the globe it is becoming more likely for people to leave their car at home, and walk opposed to driving a short commuit. The benefits of this decision are incredibly impactful on the enviorment, improving human health and saftey, as well as on our, the people's bank accounts.  Becoming a society nonrelient on cars will prove not to be easy, but justifiable when those three points are taken into account.

The effect that cars have on the enviorment is no suprise to most. If you turn on most news channels, global warming is talked about by the hour. Thus proving drastic measures need to be taken to secure our planet's future. What better way of doing so then by reducing the amount of greenhouse gas emitted into the atmosphere. Source one line five states "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." The article goes on to state in line seven our lives being centered around the use of cars will have to change. Our planet needs it's inhabitors to treat it with the same respect people do to the dignified, and a car free world is one way to do so.

By decreasing the number of people using cars as their mode of transportation good health and safety will soon be boosted across the globe. The effect of walking instead of drving will decrease obesity and increase positive moods. According to source one line 3 Heidrun Walter believes she is much happier and less tense without a car. If she a working women and mother of two can live without a car I find many other people could find ways to also. Limiting the use of cars would not only improve health but safety. By limiting cars you limit the amount of possible accidents. Whether an accident results from carelessness, accident, or intoxication there is no arguing the fact they take many innocent lives daily. By reducing the amount of car usage this will no longer be a major factor in the premature deaths of people. According to all four sources the idea of leaving cars parked in the garage at home, or choosing to live a car free lifestyle is catching on now more than ever. Personally I hope we soon have healthier, safer pedestrians.

In today's economy money is tight. People looking to save a dollar will justify almost all reasoning to do so. Throughout the world many countries have decided to become less relient on cars. By making cities more compact people are finding it very possible to live a life without cars. Imagine cutting the price of not only a car, but car insurance and gas out of your life. I can promise you your wallet would thank you. Source four line 35 states "We are witnessing a long term culture shift." The internet has made it possible to connect with friends and family without meeting face to face and because of this the use of cars is rapidly declining. Source four also states many of America's youth are declining the possiblity to be licesnced and drive. Suprisingly enough Mr. Sivak, a socialogist's children do not drive; their ages being in the early twenties. This is yet more proof of our ever evolving lifestyles.

Fellow citizens, at times our lives can deal us many unexpected difficulties that make living in this day and age problematic. Cutting out the use of cars however would not be one of them. Deciding against the use of cars would impactful the enviorment, improve human health and safety, and our bank accounts from draining. All four sources prove the possiblity of a car free society throughout the entire world. So my question to you is why not stop using cars now? The world and your future self will surely thank you.    