Imagine how things would seem to a school attending student when the average grade skyrockets as a result of the distanced students cheating at home. For students nowadays, assignments that are to be done at home may as well be free points due to the prevalence of cheating. The home environment and school assignments do not mix. Although some might believe otherwise, social development, keeping students engaged, and cheating prove that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Social interactions are instrumental in the development of young people and help create productive members of society. Most, if not all, of these interactions between young students occur in the school environment. This connection between consistent social interactions and strong social abilities shows the importance of having an in-person education. While some might say that school is not required for the development of young adults into socially able adults, it is the most common form of consistent social exposure for young people.

It is apparent that the environment that school provides is important in maintaining students' attentiveness and reception to education. Students are more likely to preform well in the school environment than the one at home due to excess distractions. It is for that reason that students should not be given the option to receive and education in an environment outside of school. Some may claim that it is possible to create a viable learning environment at home, but it is unlikely that many would follow the strict lifestyle needed for the disciplined environment required for meaningful education.

The introduction of modern technology into education brought with it the prevalence of cheating. Students nowadays can already find online the answers to almost any assignment they receive, so giving them their entire education at home, where no limit on cheating exists, would certainly decrease the legitimacy of their work. Some may claim the opposite, saying that it is important to rely on the integrity of students to give them a sense of trust and independence. This is based in fallacy, however, because those principles are developed through structured education, which cannot be found in stay-at-home schooling.

It is important for students to stay in education because of the social, educational, and honesty benefits that come from school. In the future, students should maintain their public schooling system due to the aforementioned benefits. In the past, education in school has proven to be effective in developing adequate social and learning skills in students. A call to action on the issue of online classes versus in-school classes could be the introduction of legislature that requires students to attend school in person rather than online.