Its been debated that projects over the summer ensure that students are still learning. It also has been debated whether or not teachers or students should be able to design them. Students should be able to design there own projects because they will create something that they will excel in, allows a time for personal growth, and they are able to acquire skills that are used in the real world today.

First, Students over the summer are less interested in doing school work. If they are allowed to design a project for themselves this gives them the opportunity to excel. Students will be able to design a project that they are interested in. When they are interested they are able to have a greater amount of motivation to complete the project. Students could be able to research and complete a project that really means something to them. If a student is really interested in a from of art or music then they could keep there project separate from one who is really into sports. Student designed means that the project meant something to them.

Also,student design projects give the student a time for personal growth. Most of the time students rely on teachers to give them assignments that will help them grow and achieve in life. Putting that on the students would allow them to take more of a role in there own learning and assume responsibility. Summer is the students personal time knowing that they could design there project creates a less stressful environment for them and puts it more on enjoying the project and less on what the teacher will do and say. For example if a student is traveling to a foreign country over the summer they could complete there project while they are there.

Finally, when doing a project it is know and proven that projects help those involved learn a different set of skills. In this day an age lots of the more recent jobs require you to have these setts of skills. Projects help people learn how to plan ahead for an important date, the right resources to use for research, and how to work with other people. Im sure that the list of skill could go on but those are a few of the most important ones. Most the things that students learn in school dont always get applied in the real world. But when students are able to learn and apply these skills on there own thats when they become more prepared to succeed. A few years back I was able to create my own end of the year project using a topic we had learned through out the year in my civics project. For the first time I felt a lot more motivation to do this project to my best of my ability to really show what i had learned. I liked that I was able to make my own schedule. This project felt more fun then stressful I liked the fact that I felt like I was in control.

Some may say that allowing a student to plan a project and design it them selves in wrong because its a teachers job to design the assignment. Students that would be allowed to create and design there own projects have a higher chance of success because they are more motivated, can keep there own schedule, and can be able to develop more project based skills that they can then use in today's society.    