We shouldn't have Electoral College for many reasons but a few main ones. First off it isn't fiar to voters, secondly it may cause riots, and finally they are basis.

If we continue Electoral College it is not going to give the votes a chance to be seen because the college can vote but the Electoral College is the main vote the country sees because the country always miss counts and have a smaller number if they miss count the percentage of votes can be impacted a lot more and with the 60 percent rule. and yes the College style of votining is used a lot today if we use one vote per state you see how you state votes and dont have to demand a recount because it was already counted for at state level and isn't needed at national level so we wont have a hard time counting everything.

This method of voting useing a few people to vote for

"our

" president is not the smartest thing the country has done and they prove to be wrong every four years becuse the amoust of prosteting will go up the more and more we make these mistakes when we lose votes or demand a recount 10 times or let the college vote for the people in the united states. So witch is it for the Constitution, are we for Amendment 1 with the freedom of speech and press so we can choose our own president or is it that we will all go for the 23rd amendment and go to letting the few people choose our countries fait for the next four years butr then equals the fait for as long as the United States is around free from other countries.

Finally our system of Electoral College is very basis toward whom ever gives them more money to their state or campains more there because we all know that the year leading up to the elections are just a popularity contest and they just are like trying to get prom king/queen everyone promises a vote if you give them something in return, it just happens to be the people who can run for president are very wealthy and can afford to give up a small fortune for a for sure vote to them. But on the other hand if you gave me money like that i would vote for you if i liked it or not and these Electoral College is pressured a little to vote for the person everyone arounf them wants.

If we got rid of the Electoral College system of voting i believe that we would have a better economy and and the voting system would give more varried results so we can get a more acurate way because it would be easy to get rid of a system of voting but very hard to bring one in to being a thing and we can't easly do that for the reasons of there is already one and that the hoops to jump though for D.C. to pass it. therefor i am aginst haviong the Electoral College and bring use Popular Vote for all states.    