When facing a difficult situation, you will often want to reiterate the situation for yourself to get a better sense of clarity, identify how you have faced similar situations from the past, and gather ideas in hopes of finding a solution. Would it be a great idea if you were to gather opinions from multiple people such as your parents, teachers, colleagues, and peers, in finding a solution? Seeking opinions from multiple people may give you a chance to think more critically, obtain more fact-based opinions, and find a final solution for your problem.

Seeking multiple opinions helps you engage into a much more philosophical and critical state of thinking. The process of exchanging opinions with others may influence you in self-reflection by letting you identify yourself through your ideas and opinions. Ideas from opinions given by others may also last with you, in which you will learn and will be destined to apply in future situations. Your own opinions may influence others in the same manner. Seeking multiple opinions benefit all people involved in the process through improved sharing and connection of ideas.

An important component in gathering opinions is to lean towards more fact-based opinions. Opinions are simply objective and may be factored by health situation, society and family beliefs, religion, or superstitions. Others think that owning a pet such as a dog is bad idea as they might spread fur or grow ticks, while some may argue owning a dog will provide protection for your home. Gathering fact-based opinions will strengthen your conclusion to a problem by providing statistics or proven facts. The more sources opinion is gathered from, the more likely it will be to obtain fact-based opinions that back up and strengthen choices or decisions.

Much of what important knowledge and important accomplishments that have been done since this day, have been achieved through the collection of information and opinions. The unity and power of the United States can be credited to the creation of the United States Constitution, which was achieved through the congregation of state governments with different ideas of government systems, but all with the same goal of discussing how government should function in United States. Large companies such as Apple and Microsoft rely greatly on costumer service, often creating surveys or report centers to hear opinions from costumers, with the goal of aiming to improve future products and services. Democritus and Aristotle both had completely different ideas of the characteristics of matter, and the fact on how matter consists of atoms has only been discovered in the modern-era. The process of gathering opinions in solving difficult situations has been shown countless times in history, with most attempts ending in a final solution to a problem.

Seeking opinions from multiple sources is an excellent idea. It engages you to think beyond what is presented and more philosophically, it will increase your chance of obtaining fact-based opinions, and will provide a final solution to your problem as it is shown throughout history. When you are ever faced with a difficult situation, remember the fact that it is our human instinct to connect with people, and it is important for us to seek opinions from multiple sources for a better sense of clarity.           