Emotions can reveal a lot about what is going through someone's mind. When a person is wearing a neutral face on, it is hard to tell what emotion they are feeling. Now there is technology to help decipher what that perosn is feeling. Dr. Paul Eckman has created a process when a computer contructs a 3-D computer model of the face to tell what emotion is on it, Facial Action Coding System or FACS.

In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'alto, the use of Facial Action Coding Sytem (FACS) to read the emotional expressions of students is valuable education wise and emotionally.

Knowing a student does not understand or is uninterested in a topic can help teachers in a tremendous way. If there is

"a classroom computer that could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson" (D'alto). By modifying the lesson, the teacher will make a change to the lesson. After changing the lesson to an easier way for some students to understand, it can help the students grades. When a student is bored of the topic, the teacher can fix the lesson to be more interesting.

Not only will education be better for students, but emtionally they will feel a lot better. Dr. Eckman designs his system with the basic emotions: happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness (D'alto). In classrooms, students may show emotions other than being bored or confused, but show something is wrong with them. Teachers can be notified that a student may seem troubled and can assist emotional support. Humans can tell when their friends are feeling by just giving a glance, but some may have trouble telling what emotion the other person is feeling (D'alto). With a new computer software that stores similar anatomical information as electronic code, created by Dr. Huang, a classroom computer is able to tell what emotion a student is feeling (D'alto). Teachers may not be close with some students, so they are unable to tell what the stduent is feeling. However, the computer can signal that a student is feeling a certain way to the teacher.

Students can excel education wise and emotionally due to the use of technology to read their emotional expressions in "Making Mona Lisa Smile".

Currently, students are becoming to feel sad or unwated, and tradies will unleash in school. With technology one step ahead, it is able to stop students from feeling unsafe, sad, or confused.     