In this essay I will be describing why it's important to study and pursuit Venus despite the dangers that are involved. Scientists know that sending human life to Venus is just out of the question right now and it shouldn't be done, but they are working on ways around that. Scientists have sent spacecrafts to Venus unmanned, but they only lasted for only a few hours.

Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered with oceans and could've possibily supported various forms of life. Today, Venus is still like Earth in some ways, there are valleys, craters, and mountains. There is no way Venus could support life now because of the conditions of the planet. 97 percent of the planet is carbon dioxide and the average temperature of Venus is over 800 degrees Fahrenheit.

Scientists are trying to figure out and solve different ways they could find information on Venus. NASA has come up with one pretty reasonable idea for sending humans to study the planet. They came up with the idea of having a blimp-like vehicle that would float 30 miles above the planet's surface. The temperatures at this height would still be hot, at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. The conditions wouldn't be easy, but humans would be able to survive.

Being 30 miles above Venus's surface would be hard to get information on the ground conditions, so NASA is coming up with new ideas. One idea they have is to use mechanical computers which haven't been used since the 1800s. These devices make calculations by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. Using the computers we have nowadays would react terribly if we exposed them to the heat of Venus. If NASA were to use the mechanical parts, they would be more resistant to pressure, heat, and ther forces.

With time and a lot of hardwork, I think one day we could discover what Venus is really like. It would be a good idea to keep pursuing Venus because you never know, we could have life on that planet someday. We all know that this mission is dangerous, but we can't let that hold us back.