Imagine yourself at home drinking a hot chocolate while studying online. Although some say that students that attend classes from home by way of online does not benefit them because you do not focus in one thing only

,actually students benefits taking classes online because they can get more free time and concentrate alone.

Those who believe that attending to classes online does not benefit students have their own reasons. They believe that if you take classes at home you will not focus in one thing only. For example, if you are doing laundry and you need to take out the clothes and put it into the dryer ,but you are not going to focus in watching the videos. Also, if you live with a family that have kids you are going to get distracted by them. At home you can get distracted easily because you have a lot of things to do there.

Actually, students benefits taking classes online because they can get more free time. For example, the videos conferencing are not going to take that long ,so you can do other things after having the classes. Also, you can be eating while stuying online, like drinking milk or chocolate. Also, if you are a girl that have children already. It might help because you will not have to pay for a babysitter, instead you are going to take care of your own child.

Another reason of why taking classes online benefits students is that students concentrate better alone. For example, in a classroom are like 20 students ,and most of them are quite and studying. But the others are making noises and distracting the entire class ,so being alone at your own house would be stuying at heaven. Also, if you are alone you can do more work and better. Imagine that you are reading an article sitting on the couch, no noises all peace.

In conclusion, students benefits a lot taking classes online. They can get more free time to do other things like going out with their friend. Also, they can get better grades because they are going to concentrate better alone than being with others. Think about it, wouldn't you like to be alone at your own house doing some work? or take a walk after studying for so long?