Pollution is one of the most dangerous causes in the world. However, people need the things that pollutes the air. Such as cars, body sprays,etc. I agree that the citizens should limit car usage.

Fuel is one of the causes that pollutes the air. According to the passage,"Diesel fuel was blamed, since france has... a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline." In addition to that, diesel make up 67 percent of vehicles in france. Compared to a 53.3 percent average engines in the rest of western europe. Robert Duffer states that, "After days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a partical driving ban to clear the air of global city." Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). Moreover, the same goes for odd-numbered plates. With that, the smog cleared enough for the ruling french party.

All the countries should try a car-free day. Andrew Selsky said, "In a program that set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during the car-free day." Some of the advantages of having a car-free day can help make people see that its not about cars or bikes. Even so, Those things are just damaging the air and making it harder to live and breathe. Also stated in the article was that, " It is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." The day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in Bogota in the mid-1990s. Uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by board, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. Futhermore, it would help so people can see the world without cars and not pollute the air.

By giving some of the dangerous stuff that we use daily a break. We will see great turn outs and good things happen. Like, less traffic which means less accidents, less fuel used which means less pollution. Lets all help keep our country safe and clean. STOP POLLUTION! I firmly agree that citizens should limit car usage.    