Summer, as known throughout the whole world, is for relaxation. Now when it comes to students, summer is a school free zone, mentally and physically. Though some teachers believe it is a smart idea to give the students projects or summer reading so they wouldn't forget some of the school work and already have a review over the summer when they come back. That is always expected when schools start back, though not all the students that were assigned to do the assignments did them because they either didn't understand the task correctly or they just wanted to enjoy summer and not think about any school work. That causes both the students and the teachers to be irritated and dissapointed. However, that could be changed by just one small upgrade.

For years, school systems and teachers have been assigning students lessons that they will either never use in the real life or lessons the students don't understand or don't want to learn because the topics don't interest them. Many studies have shown the peak of the students grades is when they are being taught about modern day conflicts or societies, or just topics that interest them. That shows the students want to learn about what relates to them or something they actually want to learn about. Also, some students want to actually earn their grade. As surprising as it is, students want to do their work, because they want to be happy when they get the "A" and say that they deserved it because they worked hard on the assignment. Though not all of them can do that because not all of them might understand the assignment. Here, is where the upgrading comes in handy.

School systems need to find new ways of education and renew all of the "traditional" ways of teaching. The systems need to understand that these generations are becoming more complicated to teach because of all the new modern trends and technologies. It is becoming easier for the students to understand the lessons from their peers and not the teachers, because it is becoming more difficult each day for the teachers to connect with their students. That is usually either because of social distractions or lack of good communication between the teacher and their students. Though if the teachers and the systems started renovating and thinking about new ways such as: letting the students choose their own topics of what they want to do for summer projects. They can just start from the summer projects, start it off small and see how much of an effect that will make and if it comes out with a pretty positive effect then take action during the actual school months.

Every student does not wish or even want to keep having bad grades in school. Especially because of minor things or because they think they are not smart enough to succeed like their peers. Taking effect in letting students choose what they want to do for their summr projects will make a huge imapct on how the students will learn when they go back to school. That will also affect how the school systems view students learning and will see that it's the best choice to start upgrading their teaching system to the more modern ways. Students will want to actually do their assingments because they will know what they are do it and actually understand it. They will even enjoy what they are doing because they know they will do good because they worked hard on what they are doing.                                          