Automobiles have been all anyone talks about since the 1950s. With the creation of the Model T, songs that were sung of cars like "Mustang Sally", and providing transportation to millions across the globe, how could they not be controversial?. But shortly after 2005, driving has not been the peak of transportation. Many countries are banning the use of motorvehicles for multiple reasons and it may not be such a bad thing.

Recently, countries have been asking their residents to either take a day or two off from driving or give up  their cars overall. In Vauban, Germany, 70 percent of the families do not own a car but rather they walk or bike everywhere. Residents say they do not feel stressed out so often and are no longer tense as they were when having a car. In Bogota, the people feel the same way. The Colombian city has had a "Day Without Cars" event for three years and most people really enjoy the relaxation you get from not driving a car everywhere you go. More and more countries and cities are implementing this idea.

One of the major priorities right now is air pollution from gas emissions and that is why countries are slowing down motorvehicle usage. In Paris 147 micrograms of particulate matter were found, 114 in Brussels and almost 80 micrograms in London. Most of that is because of driving. With diesel fuel ranking over gasoline, we are not getting anywhere. Countries in Europe and South America have put in fines and days that people are not allowed to drive because of how bad the smog is getting in some of the areas.

The next thing countries are trying to do is increase the number of alternative transportations. How long has it been since you rode a bike? Or walked to the nearest grocery store? With the decreasing amount of people using their cars, the amount of people riding their bike or going for a walk is exploding upwards. Since the 1990s, Bogota has constructed 118 miles worth of bike paths. Sidewalks were made to a higher quality, the parks attendance rates have rapidly increased and the shopping centers are shaped up very nicely now. All because of a few days without driving.

It may seem like a burden or even a bad idea in general but if we cut down the number of motorvehicles, we can save a lot of the beautiful parts of in world and install some new ones while we're at it. The fuel is hurting the enviroment and everyone should help out.    