Dear Principal,

I think the policy of allowing students to bring their phones to school and being able to use the during lunch and other free times as long as they turn them off in class is a great idea. Students use their cell phones all the time in class and it is very disrupting and distracting to them and their piers. If we allow students to use their cell phones at lunch and during their other free time then they wouldn't be so to take their phones out at inappropriate times. Giving students a little freedom will probably make them be not so disruptive and disrespectful.

Using phones during would also let parents have a time to call or text their child in an emergency or about other important issues. Also given time to call or text their friends would probably make the lunch room quieter because they would be texting each other instead of trying to talk over one another. Also giving them that time but promising that they will turn them off during class is an excellent act of negotiation, they wouldn't be distracted in class by their phones and they would pay attention to what the teacher is saying. Making grades go up with them knowing the answer to test and quizzes, and they still get to have some free time to themselves.

You give them some freedom and they are very grateful for that and are going to go by the rules. I believe they would act more respectful and behaved knowing that if they get free time from their teacher for being well behaved they could use their phones. Teachers would also save time in class by not having to confiscate, write up, or tell the student to put their phones away. They would be able to spend their time planning for their class, or maybe even tutoring or helping some one who doesn't understand the lesson. That would help the student and he would finally understand and would make a good grade when taking a test on something to do with that lesson.

In my conclusion I believe that cell phone usage should be allowed during lunch and free time for the students, as long as they turn them off during class. That way they won't be distracted and the teacher won't have to stop class and stop everyone from learning. The teachers also won't have to come to complain to you about the student who was caught using their phone in class. Whichever policy you pick will be fine but if you want everyone to be happy you would pick this one.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME