The the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author argues that humans should continue our attempts to land in the planet. Despite describing the dangers of the daunting task, the author provides several thought provoking arguments to support his/her claim.

One argument is that Venus is the most viable option for a planetary visit from the human race. Venus is almost identical in density and size compared to Earth, and may have had extremely similar enviroments and biomes long ago. Today, we can still recognize land shapes such as mountains, valleys, and what might have been oceans long ago. This provides evidence that Venus may have supported many life forms in the past, and could very well do the same again. If Humans can find a way to survive on the planet, we could possible have a second Earth,

The author also lists several innovations that would assist humans in teh examinationa nd exploration of Venus. One is a blimp-like station that would float approximately 30 miles above Venus' surface. Doing this would allow scientists to avoid the treacherous ground conditions and storms. Being above the storms would also give scientists and almost infonite amount of solar energy, and though conditions would be extreemly hot, there would be no danger of radiation.

Modified technology could also be created to function of Venus' harsh terrain. Instead of using the fragile electronic tablets and computers of today, scientists could use a machine that was used in WW2, known as the mechanical computer. The mechanical computer used gears and levers to make calculations, and didn't require any electricity. This machine could be easily modified to widthstand dangerous conditions. Other simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a simulated venus atmosphere and lasted several weeks in the conditions.

With careful planning and a new approach, humans could have a chance of getting onto Venus. the author claims that after stepping up to this challenge, the human race would be prepared for more dangerous endeavors. As the saying goes, the sky is the limit, but we aren't limited to one sky.