Alien Theory: Debunked

There may be evidence as to why people believe in something as comical as aliens; mass UFO sightings, various reports of alien abduction, passages in religious books and scrolls that show odd evidence of a species not born on Earth, or even on manmade structures such as the ancient pyramids or Egypt. However, we still haven't found credible evidence that aliens are real. The Face is not some sort of bona fide of evidence on life on Mars that NASA would hide. The Face is merely just a natural landform.

After the discovery of the Face, NASA unveiled the image for the public to see. A caption noted a "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and a mouth." Authors who knew about it reasoned that it would be a good way to engage the public's attraction to Mars, which it successfully did. The pharaoh look-alike of the mesa was named "The Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. It has starred in Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years. Many conspiray theorists said that NASA was just hiding more from the public since they said it was only a natural landform. Aliens and ancient civilization became a wide belief, even scientists believed in this. But due to this, the Face became a priority for NASA when Mars Global Surveyor (MGS) arrived at the Red Planet in September 1997; 18 years after the Viking missions ended. The chief scientist for NASA's MArs Exploration Program, Jim Garvin said "We felt this was important to taxpayers."

When NASA's Viking 1 caught a picture of the Face while it was simply finding a region for its Viking 2 to land, mission controllers may have been amazed or mildly frightened to see this on their monitors. This discovery was short lived because scientists such as myself figured it as just another Martian mesa, which is common around Cydonia, a region on Mars where the Viking spotted the legendary Face. The first photos had bad quality, the best photo having 43 meters per pixel. On April 5, 1998, the MGS flew over Cydonia for the frist time, Micahel Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture 10 times sharper than the original Viking photos. Those who have grown curious to this discovery were upset to only see that THe Face really was only a natural landform. Howver that day they took the photos was a cloudy day on Mars. And so, more disappointment was caused when on April 8, 2001-a cloudless day on Cydonia-MGS took another chance and took another photo. The pixels in the latest image spans 1.56 meters, which is much more better than the original photos from the Viking.

As a rule of thumb, that picture quality would capture more landforms or manmade structures if there were any, but there were not. The latest picture shows the Martian equivalent to a butte or mesa which are landforms that are common around the American West. "It reminds me most of the Middle BUtte in the Snake River Plain of IDaho," says Garvin. That's a lava dome that takes for of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars. However, Mars doesn't have life on it. That planet is labeled dead to some scientists.

Though there may be some instance of some alien life form out there, such as the Wow Signal, there isn't enough credible evidence that the Face was made by aliens. As I have already said, landforms such as that MArtian mesa are common on Cydonia. This one just happened to look like a face due to the shadows casted onto it.

Living in the universe alone or with unknown species out there is terrifying, but without enough credible evidence, aliens don't really exist. They're jsut a pigment of imagination caused by the odd funtions of the human brain. All of those alien abductions were most likely hallucination from drug use pr mental diseases. With all of these factors, the alien theory with the Face is debunked.    