Dear Principal,

I think that your decision is fair. Everyone knows that school comes first and activities come after. I do have a few arguments and suggestions on this subject though.

1) We do know that our school or even the bigger picture, America has a wide variety of people. Some people are at better in some subjects than others. Some may have a hard time focusing as well. Although we should all put forth our best effort, some of us just can't succeed in things. I don't think it is fair for these challenged people to be punished for trying there best. A better way to tackle the situation is to discover who these people are and compromise with them. You could ask their teachers if they show perseverance and respect. Everyone should respect their elders and if they don't they shouldn't be able to play school sports. The main point of this is, everyone has their strengths and weaknesses and to punish people for that is discouraging. Instead of allowing people to play on school sports teams based on their grades you should make the decision based on their respect and attitude towards school. If they take school seriously and respect their peers then they should be allowed to be active in sports.

2)Now there may be people that claim they are respectful and get descent grades but you know they don't. They might show that they want to participate in these activities very badly, but you'll have to stick with your decision. A good way of compromising however is to offer ideas to the student. These options for he or she will allow them to be on the team. Some options could be staying after school every day for the next 2 weeks to catch up on the work and write apology letters to the people they disrespect. They also could do community service for a set amount of time. Lastly they could help run errands for teachers including yourself. If they are willing to do these things too gain respect and be on a sports team then you should allow them to do so. If they fight back and say things like, "That's unfair" or "No way!" then don't put anymore thought into it and let them go. Although the meetings that you will have to have with these students may be plentiful, the outcome will be well worth it. The students will be more disaplent but also will have more fun. This is a great opportunity to fix the disrespectful students and allow school to be fun!

Sincerely,

A Student