The advantages of limiting car usages is a suggestion idea about car-free cities. Vauban, completed in 2006, is an example of growing trend in Europe, the United States and elsewhere to separate suburban life from auto use, as a component of movement called "smart planning.'' The reazon why they are trying to expand this plan is because the use of car in the cities is growing every day like five times more than the usual. Cities are full of of car and you dont have to read these to see that. I know that these is a period of time in which tecnology is what take the first place in are life, and am talking about those new model of car. In one part of the view we can see that those care are very atractive and they dont cause any risk to society. But in the other side I will like to show you what especialist people think the cities full of cars. Experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emission from tailpipes. Passenger cars are resposible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emision in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States.

Let see these in other point of view. Think about your son or your little brother or sisster or just tink about any little baby that is born in those cities full of cars . The greenhouse gas emission is reduced by 50 percent so the other 50 percent that those kids are breathing is just toxic air. Taths why the hospitals are full of people whit pulmonary cancers and asthma. While there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs. But its basic precepts are being adopted aroun the worl in attempts to make suburbs  more compact and more accessible to public transportation, whith les space for parking. In this new approach, stores are placed a walk  away, on a main steet, rather than in malls along some distant highway.

Something that also affect the society is the obesity. People depend a lot on their cars and forgot about to walk. It is a simple example but it had cause a lot of death and heart attac in the past two decades. ''All of our  develpment since World War II has been centered on car, and that will have to change,'' said David Goldberg. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency is promoring ''car reduced'' communities, and legislators are starting to act.

It was just an informative essay to let the people know about the adventages of limiting car usages. I hope this essay help you to understand and realized about all risk that cars can cause includind cars accident. The limit car usage will help every body starting with those who accept the Environmental Protection Agency promotion ''car reduced''. You can be part of taking care about the environment, and remember ''How much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid. (David Goldberg)                                                                           