Multiple opinions are very important for many things or topics! Without many opinions you may only understand one side of a argument. Only viewing one side can make you ignorant to the other opinions. The best way to gather advice is to ask several people their opinion and use the one that feels best to you.

An example would be you have a friend that took something from you without your permission. You could act without considering and start a argument and in the end not even receive your item back that they stole. You could ask one person and have a one sided opinion. The one person could tell you to just take back your item and not to talk to them anymore. The best choice would be to ask many people you trust and that give good advice. Many people may agree that you should rationally ask for your item back. This would most likely result in getting your item back and keeping a friend.

Needing advice often comes into relationships. A great example would be you don't feel comfortable with a partner. If you don't have advice you could just break up and you both feel unhappy. If you were to ask to few people they may pressure you to not tell your partner and feel unhappy without your partner knowing. Then again you could ask several people from your friends and the partners friends and make the decision to tell them you feel unhappy and fix the relationship. This being the best way to not hurt anyone's feeling and to be confident with your decision.

When asking for advice you should go to close friends and family. A great person for advice would be someone you trust and will be honest such as a parent, teacher, coach, or a friend. The person you ask should be trusted. The reason is sometimes you don't want someone telling other people and you want them to be as honest as possibly. The people you ask should also be intelligent when it comes to keeping peace and being honest.

In both of these situations you shouldn't act on few advice.

Without advice you often have a worse outcome then the situation before.

You should always ask advice from many people if you ever feel unsure in a situation. If you don't gather several views on a situation you could hurt yourself and others and regret you decision in the future.