In our society, many things have changed over time. Whether it be the way we communicate or how we shop, we are becoming more efficient. However, a major piece of our lives has remained the same; that being, our education. Children and young adults today are learning the same way their parents and grandparents did. While standard teaching and learning techniques are still beneficial to education, they are becoming outdated. Distance learning is a relatively new technique that many schools don't offer, and I feel that this should change. This option allows kids in school to attend class from home "by way of online or video conferencing." By offering distance learning to students, we will ultimately improve their experiences in school. School can be extremely stressful, and many students will agree with that statement. Coursework can be both demanding and exhausting. Distance learning is an option that is extremely beneficial due to the fact that it prevents excessive absences, minimizes distractions, and makes learning more appealing to students.

Attendance is a major key to getting a great education. By missing class time, students miss valuable lessons that oftentimes can only be regained by attending after-school tutorials or make-up sessions. One thing we must consider, however, is sometimes a student is physically unable to attend school. This could be due to any number of sicknesses, injuries, or hospitalization. By allowing distance learning to be an option, students will be able to attend classes, therefore preventing inconvenient make-up work and keeping them on the same page as their fellow classmates. Attendance is also key to maintaining the accreditation of a school. Personally, my school is struggling with this. While some students are deliberately skipping classes and school days, others are missing valuable class time due to being sick or unable to attend that day. If my school offered distance learning, I am confident that it would dramatically increase our attendance rate and prevent us from losing accreditation.

Oftentimes, a classroom setting is not always the best environment for children and teenagers to learn in. Excessive noise and chatter from surrounding students can prevent them from obtaining all the information provided in a lesson. This also negatively effects the teacher. By making their job more difficult, it increases the potential for the waste of class time. They are also forced to spend time disciplining those who are being defiant, instead of being able to focus on teaching. With distance learning, students are able to create their own learning environment. This shifts their focus from trying to block out others, to focusing on the lesson. By improving the surroundings needed for a student to succeed, they will begin to enjoy learning and look forward to the next lesson. Teachers and administrative employees must also keep in mind that a student's mental health is vital to them being able to focus in school. Sometimes, social environments can be too overwhelming for students, negatively impacting them. Distance learning provides the opportunity to take a "mental health day" while still attending class.

Another benefit of the distance learning option is that it ultimately improves the school experience. Instead of kids being overwhelmed with stress, they are able to have more control over their education and discover what works best for them. This allows them to develop a better understanding of themselves, which is important in everyday life. Understanding what works for you, and what does not, allows you to be more efficient and productive in life. While distance learning is a privilege that can be easily abused, that does not mean it shouldn't be implemented. School administration will have to establish rules, as well as punishments, to encourage students to understand that the intention of distance learning is to improve education, not allow them to skip school. By not allowing young adults and children the option to attend class from home, we are restricting their ability to learn. The goal of teachers is to free the mind of students, not hold it back.

Distance learning is a technique that is current and should be implemented in schools today. It benefits students in many ways, varying from reducing stress to making education more appealing. Demanding coursework is easier to manage when kids have the means necessary to balance it with other things that may be going on in their lives. It strengthens the educational foundation of young adults, making them eager to learn and ready for the next challenge. By making modern changes to education and the way we learn, we are becoming an increasingly more efficient society. Allowing attendance from home, creating an effective learning environment, and improving the experience of school are only a few of the ways distance learning is beneficial to students. 