Keeping or changing the Electoral College would be something to carefully process out. Since the Electoral College is "regarded on a non-democratic method of selecting a president that to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner"(10), then there should be a change made towards it. If there is ever a presidential election then there should be a fast process to organize each votings. As Americans have the freedom to choose, there shouldn't have to be a problem going on. To keep any confusion from starting, whoever's encharge of declaring each voting method has to keep the rights of each voter. "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a politicial preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election" (23).

Making decisions can't be easy most of the time. People have to cautiously think about which will best benefit. Everyone goes through that stage when they are stuck on  a decision. It's normal. We all know that the most powerful people are stumped on any decision too. Freedom of speech, freedom of mind. Sometimes, each state will have different opinions on voting; everyone is different. What people have to remember is that America is a land of freedom and that they have to choose wisely on certain things or else the country will go downhill fast.

"The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational"(14). It's not allowing the voters to actually "listen" to what each candidate is saying. People should have the right to vote based of what they think. It's almost like the feeling where someone is forcing somebody to do somthing that they don't want to do. As if they have no other choice. It will be best if the decision-makers start thinking about other people's thoughts. Not everything is based off of one certain process. The Electoral College sounds like it lacks the unison of people's rights that every voter will need. Certain people have to start thinking about changing certain things.    