Have you ever been in a tough situation where you need advice? Will you just take your Mom's or your teacher's advice? Or a friend's advice? Perhaps there is not one answer, so you should get multiple opinions. Seeking multiple opinions enhances your chances of making the right call because they lead you in the right direction, they make you think about other consequences, and they express the thoughts of many people.

If you have no clue what to do in a situation, you need help and guidance. One person's advice may not help in any way, though if you ask of many people, you very likely will get turned to the right direction. Then you know what to think about because everything is narrowed down. You have a sense of right and wrong and you're able to determine what is what. Having sense prevents you from making the worst decisions you can make.

Let's say you plan to not tell your parents about the bad grade you received from a test. Your class's troublemaker tells you to keep it a secret,

but you need more advice

. When you tell your friend about your plan and situation, he/she thinks that you should tell your parents what happened. Your friend thinks you should because know matter what you do, your teacher will anyway send an email to your parents. For this reason, your friend thinks you should be honest, so then when the email comes your parents already have the story and they can seek understanding. Many situations are similar to this one in ways, one way being how you understand the consequences of decisions better when you have advice from many people (or at least two so you have multiple sides).

The final reason why you should seek multiple opinions is that when you do, you can see the sides of the people with less of a voice. When you ask one person for advice, they represent the wants and hopes of themseleves or multiple people. Asking for the advice of many people enables you to see the desires of the people who have a smaller, unoticable voice. Even you wish that your parents took the advice of people with less of a voice in the world. You hope that they will take your advice along with officials so that they can make a decision that benefits everyone. Asking for the advice of many reveals the more silent ideas in the world with less control, so you can represent them.

Steering in the right direction, gaining knowledge of consequences, and hearing the stories of others are all very important reasons to seeking multiple opinions. These reasons reveal the truth, they show the results of decisions, and they open your eyes wider. These reasons are part of the structure of democracy, where everyone's ideas and advice are shown. These reasons show us to a better future where everyone has a voice.