Have you ever had to miss School? Whether you were sick, missed the bus, overslept, gotten injured, or you just couldnt make it to class. Whatever the reason missing class is not good and a lot of students miss class often. When students miss class it can cause them to fall behind and miss important material that they might need for later classes or tests. Missing class also means that you will then have to make up everything you missed and that can cause a lot of stress not only for students but for teachers as well. Distance learning will solve a variety of these problems and I believe that students will benefit greatly from it. By giving the students the opportunity to access the class online or by video conference you are helping students keep up with their school work, teaching them accountability and responsibility, and relieving stress on students.

Distance learning will help students to not fall behind on their work or in class. It is very easy to fall behind when you miss school it can make students feel lost,confused, and unprepared. When students are absent they are likely to have to come in early, stay late,and schedule appointments with teachers. They are also forced to work around their teacher schedules as well as their own. Getting behind on work can be really frustrating it can make students feel overwhelmed and unmotivated. But if the materials they learned in class that day are made available at home it solves the problem. Then students won't have to worry about not getting the work or missing the class because it is available online and they have access to it so, they wouldnt have any reason to fall behind.

Making the classes available at home benefits students and teachers by holding students accountable for the work as well as teaching them responsibility. Students will no longer be able to miss class and not be held responsible for the work because they have access to the material at home. This will hold students more accountable because there are no excuses and no reason to not do the work because they are no longer missing the class even if they are not there. Teachers will also be able to hold the students more accountable because even if they are absent they still have the tools to complete the work, but without the teacher physically being there the responsibility lies on the student. This will also help students not feel like they have all the responsibility without the proper materials and they will be able to do the work on time and not miss anything.

Lastly, distance learning will relieve students of stress and help them to not be as worried about missing class. Being a student is very stressful and as a student there are a lot of things that you are responsible for and or feel obligated to do. Keeping up with the work load is a big job and a job most students struggle with. Students have a hard time maintaining a balance and tend to become very stressed. Missing class is very stressful because when a student misses a class they then have to deal with all the things that go into trying to make up the work that they missed. If a student misses more than one class it is very easy for them to become overwhelmed and stressed. But with distance learning you are eliminating the stress of missing class because students will still be able to do the work. Therefore, you are relieving the stress.

Although some people may argue, distance learning is a great tool and something that all students could benefit from greatly. It makes life easier for not only students but everyone in the school program. It helps students keep up with the work, it promotes responsibility and holds students accountable, and makes life less stressful for students. Making classes available for students online is a great idea and i think all students should have the privilege of having distance learning.