Some students receive summer projects and automatically become uninterested because they think it is boring or unnecessary to do a project during summer break. There is an ongoing debate about if summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. Those who disagree state that it will not be as enjoyable and the students will not want to do the project, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, summer projects should be student-designed.

There are a variety of reasons why students should design their summer projects. First, the student would be more interested in their topic. This will encourage the student to want to complete the project. They would also want to learn more about the topic. If projects are student-designed, the student will be more familiar with the topic and it will not be as hard to complete. The student also will not need to do as much research. Furthermore, students know what is best for themselves. They are able to design a project that will not be too stressful to complete. Making projects student-designed could also help with their career path.

There are further reasons why students should design their summer projects. Student-designed projects will promote creativity. It will help the students to get their brain flowing,step outside the box, and try something new. This will help the student to learn more about themselves through the project. The project would also be more enjoyable. Students are more likely to get a higher grade. They will have fun completing the project and will not feel pressured to do it. The student will be able to work at their own pace. They will know how long it should take for the project to be complete. There will not be a need for them to rush and try to hurry up and do the project just so they can get it out the way.

Although some may disagree, summer projects should be student-deigned. This is the case due to the students being more interested in the project and it will be more enjoyable. Those who disagree state it will not be as enjoyable and the students will not want to complete the project, but this is not true. In conclusion, summer projects should be student-based because it will help the student to better themselves overall.