Dear Principal,

I strongly disagree with your positioning, this is because I myself love sports and i don't think that should be up to you if we can participate in sports depending on our grades. Also because for some people sports may help them improve their grades. My last reason for disagreeing with you is because you don't know what's happening at our house or why our grades are the way they are. Sports is like a way out for some kids and you can't just take that away due t o an average of a C. If you know most kids in your school have an average of a C then why would you go and not allow most kids to join?

It shouldn't be up to you if student participate or not due to grades you should leave that up to our parents. I absolutely understand that you want kids to have better grades and what not but still if a students parent did think the sport would make their grades decline even more then they most likely would tell them to get the grades up before joining. Disregarding sports for right now, what about other activities that's not fair to student who are apart of ski club, chess club, or any other club they all have reasons why they do what they do.

Some of the sports or activities may help some improve on grades; like myself. It gives some a sense of pride like they are apart of something great so not allowing them to participate due to an average, that's just not fair. And you are aware that most kids who try out or join something wouldn't be doing so because most kids have and average of a C. Most student don't like sharing their personal problems with counselors or things like that so they do what they like best to get away from it all. I know i keep saying "it's just not fair to take away these things due to an average of C for most kids" but i really don't think you understand what these activities mean to some students. It's a way to make friends, talk with friends, have fun and joke around, and be yourself. Instead they need to bring their average up one more letter grade.

Do you go home with every student at night and deal with what ever problems they may have going on? I didn't think so. So why would you go and take away something that makes them happy and expresses them self? Kids need good grades to get into college and have good paying jobs; yes we get it but. Good grade and fun activities as a reward but some kids don't want to have to go home and do homework for 1 hour at night to participate in things. The kids who have above a C average probably (not saying they do) do ALL their work and more cause they don't want to do any extra things. But that's their choice we're all different.

What I'm try to say is it shouldn't be up to you what we do, and these extra things may help some with grades and along with that is you don't know or understand what's revolving around each individual student at your school, the activities may be a way for them to escape the drama, the everything that is happening in their life at the time. I know you just wanted our view on the possible policy change but i gave you a lot more.... if you think about tit your taking a lot more away form