Asking multiple people for advice is good because you have more people helping you.

Having more then one person give you advice is good because it gives your more of peoples opion.

It also gives you more of peoples place of view.

It can help you make a better choice by guiding you in the right direction.

Asking multiple people for advice is good because you more then one opoion, it gives you different places of van, and it is good because it can guide you in the right direction.

Asking multiple people for advice will guide you in the right direction.

It will do that because you have more knowledge. You will also have a better idea on what you want to do.

Having more knowledge will help you pick what you want to do.

Most importantly it makes it easier to go in the right direction.

Asking multiple people for advice is good because it gives you peoples different point of view.

Having different peoples point of view is good because that is a lot of different people helping you from what they think.

Getting a lot of advice is very helpful because you understand the good and parts of what you are trying to decide.

Getting peoples different point of views is helpful because you get a lot of peoples insight on what is going on in your situation. Most importantly it will most likely help you make the right choice.

Asking multiple peopel for advice is good because it gives you more then one opion. From getting more than one opion you understand more.

When you understand more you will make better choices in life and in life. Asking people for advice is really good for desicion making.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  