It was a normal day at the lunchroom when I noticed a new girl standing in the lunch line. She started to walk to the empty lunch table where she sat by herself, because no one invited her to their table."She smelled funky and looked funky too" I thought to myself. I turned to my left to tell Generic_Name about the girl. I quietly whispered in her ear,"Do you see that new girl over there?" She looked behind her back and gave her this nasty look. "Should we go talk to her?" I asked. "No! she's not like us" Generic_Name exclaimed. I listened to Generic_Name and never got the chance to talk to her, and now she's one of the most popular girls in the school. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because they see from a different point of view, they hear other people's opinions on how the problem should be solved, and it makes them think twice about which advice suits them best.

The first reason for seeking multiple opinions is because you see from a different point of view rather than just one person. When I'm having a problem with something I always ask multiple people and see what they think I should do. For example when you go to the Ice cream shop and you always get Chocolate but you got bored from it. You ask your sister on whether you should try a different one this time and she tells you,"No, it's probably going to taste bad." You end up getting Chocolate and it just doesn't taste good anymore. You regret not asking your parents. And you lost a chance of trying something different because just one person thinks it's not a good idea.

Another reason for seeking multiple opinions is to hear other people's opinions on how the problem should be solved. For example you are going dress shopping for Prom. You pick out a couple of dresses and try them on. You pick out your top two and ask your friends which one they prefer. Some picked the Red one and some picked the Purple one. You're torn on which one to get, but hearing other people's opinions helped you pick. Finally you decide to get the Red one because it was picked the most. Just listening to what other people have to say and the things they point out that you didn't notice help you make a better choice.

The final reason for seeking multiple opinions is that it makes you think twice about which advice suits you best. For example I'm in the store at the Smithsonian Zoo and I can pick one bracelet. The first bracelet has my favorite animal on it but it's not cool, and the second doesn't have my favorite animal on it but it's cool. It's a tough choice to make but you always have to think of what suits me best not what suits the other people best. I shouldn't just buy the first bracelet just because everyone thinks it's cool. If I like the other one better then I should stick with that.

It was a beautiful day during summer. I woke up feeling the warmth of the sun against my skin. I slowly got out of bed and went to brush my teeth and get dressed up. I had two choices to make. So I asked my parents and my sister if I Should wear noodle straps with jeans or a dress. Majority picked noodle straps with jeans, and so did I. It was a great choice because it was really hot outside. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because they see from a different point of view, they hear other people's opinions on how the problem should be solved, and it makes them think twice about which advice suits them best.   