The Face on Mars is not what everyone thinks it is. Hollywood shows, magazines, and radio talk shows can exaggerate to make the landform sound like more than what it truly is. As a NASA scientist, I believe that you should know exactly what this historic landmark is, so you know the correct story for years to come.

First, you never know what publicity will do with the next big story. Media usually talks up the whole situation, to display the story bigger than it is. In this case, many people are under the impression that the landform is a face created by aliens, because of the media. Once a story is out in the public eye, people have different view points as well. "Some people think the Face is bond fide evidence of life on Mars-evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." This excerpt from the article states that many people believe that NASA is hiding something from the public, something that they don't want everyone to know about. However, NASA scientists, like myself, know that this is no extraterrestrial impression on the face of Mars, but rather a small mountain or hill that seems to resemble a face.

To back up what NASA has already said, you could easily have a prediction of what may have caused this mound to form. "....landforms common around the American West. 'It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,' says Garvin." Garvin clearly gives us a connection that we can relate to. We don't all have the privilege to go into space, however we can understand what a landform like the Face may look like, if it is similar to a landform on Earth. Mountains, canyons, hills, or valleys are all form by different forces. The Face may have been formed by the winds on Mars, eroding away the rocks around it until there was a small hill left. Water could have possibly carved around the mound, leaving this landform. There are various, reasonable explanations for how this landform could have been formed.

In conclusion, the Face may be seen as multiple things to the public eye, but the experts at NASA know this landform is nothing more than a coincidence. This landform could have been formed by various causes, but it is merely a lucky chance that this mound would have the features resembling a human face. Although much talk may lead you to believe the Face is an alien creation, trust the expert scientists. The Face is nothing more than a normal landform on the face of Mars.