With ideas of the future flying through my head, new people all around me, and a pen in my hand, I excitedly sign up for yearbook. Many students enjoy extracurricular activities, such as a sport, band, or yearbook. I believe that all students should participate in an activity that interests them because you have the opportunity to meet new people, enjoy new experiences, and have the chance to prepare for the future.

Choosing one of these activities can lead to life long friends that share the same interests. You can meet new people who are just as passionate about an activity as you are. I joined yearbook and met many people who had a love for writing and journalism just as I do. You can discover who you want to be surrounded by in your life by finding different people through these activities. You find people who are working towards the same goal as you are, and you can help each other along the way.

New experiences are another benefit you receive from joining and extracurricular class. You have the once in a lifetime chance to experience these new activities. You can see what you are good at and what you enjoy, which could lead to a career in the future. If you join cross country you may find that you love the feeling of the wind against your face. If you join yearbook you may discover that you have a passion for journalism. You can perfect a skill that you have always had an interest for or you might find that you have a passion for something that you never thought of before.

Participating in an extracurricular class will help you prepare for adulthood. You will have to learn how to balance your time between education, relationships with family and friends, chores, and the activity you choose. In fifth grade I joined soccer, at that time homework was new to me, so I had to learn to balance chores, homework, and soccer. I benefited from this experience greatly, because when the middle school approached I had already learned how to balance my time, which made the transition easier. This will prepare you for college and everything after. Learning how to balance everything in your life is a skill necessary for when you become an adult. It is better to learn these skills when you are of a young age than having to learn it in the middle of a chaotic life in the future.

In conclusion, joining these activities offers many benefits. You will spend less time on electronics, which is healthy for the minds of all ages. You can exercise your mind by learning new skills and meeting different people.

I believe that all students should join an extracurricular activity because you can meet different people, and enjoy many new experiences while preparing for your adult life. Although it can be frightening to try new things, it will benefit you in abundant ways.

I find I live a much happier life when I am doing something I love, even though it may frighten me, than when I am playing it safe by never trying anything new. 