I think that students shouldn't be able to have a cell phone in school to use during lunch other free times for a couple reasons. Its not useful, students wont be focusing on their work and it can be used to cheat.

Having a cell phone in school is nearly point less, there isn't a good reason to have it. Students will simply talking to their friends which they can do in school without a phone. The only way it can be useful is to maybe call a parent and inform them of something like you have to stay late after school or something of that nature. They will most likely just text or call each other, that makes it point less because the time they can use it, they can just talk to them face to face.

If a students have phones, they may forget to turn it off while going into the next class, and if it goes off it will cause a huge disruption. They could tell you that the phone is turned off but that doesn't mean they are telling the truth. they could have it on and when the teacher has her back turned, it can quickly be taken out to ,message someone or read one they just got, which is when they will stop paying attention to what's going on and read about a new piece of gossip, or just get into a conversation with someone. Also if they are taking a quiz or some important exam, they might stop paying attention and waste time on there phone and end up failing whatever it is they are taking. Also if their phone is turned off, they can sit in class the whole time wondering what that last message said, or what did that person want.

A big thing students will defiantly do with there phones is cheat off one another. they can do this be using the internet most phones now have to look up an answer to a question on a text. Or friends might text each other answers, a system like if u give me an answer i will give you one, and end up passing everything but not actually learning anything.

Maybe the student has all the answers right on their phone that they said they turned off. Teachers will have a difficult time determining weather or not a student is cheating because instead of a students eyes wondering looking at others tests they will be looking down at there phone.

As you can see there are good reasons why phones in school is a bad idea, they can cheat, its not at all useful and it can be very distracting.