I think online classes do benefit students and their grades, because they can focus more on their work and the students may feel more comfortable being in a class where there aren't students looking at them or judging them. The students can also take the online class when its most convenient for them and they can work on the class on their own pace.

It is known that students who take online classes have done better as in grades then they ever did taking a class in school and in person. If students take a class in school there may be more distraction then if they were to take online classes, that could be because of friends and other social things that can happen in school. Rather at home there are less distractions because they wont have friends that could distract them from doing work. Overall students may focus more in online classes then they can in school classes.

As many say that being in a class of 30 kids or more can be a little frightening when having to present a project or just talking in front of everyone. Online classes can help with the anxiety of having to speak in front of other kids. Many reasons why young students have anxiety or that have panic attacks is because of school, once students start entering that stage where they have to present in a class full of students they start to think and feel differently. If students could take classes online then I feel it could help reduce the anxiety and they could feel comfortable. Not having to present in front of a lot of kids can make them feel more confident about their work. In schools classes there can be students who judge someone off their work and how they explain things. When online classes students just have to do their work and have to turn it in to system.

Some students may say that it takes time from their free time, but they choose what time they would like to take it and what days. Overall online classes do benefit the work of the students and their grades. They focus on themselves and they dont have to worry about the distractions of other classmates. Students should be able to take online classes whenever they want and at whichever age. 