Every other day a person die in a car accident because they are using their cell phones while driving. People use their cell phones for just about everything texting , talking, schedule planning, social media, etc. Sometime we can do two or more things at the same time while using a cell phone. Unfortunately , we are using our cell phones at the wrong time and that time is when we are driving. We have become so focused on how much we can do at one time that we are willing to risk our safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. Beside, they use arguments that cell phones are necessary in emergency situation.

When driving sometimes it is difficult to focus on the road which make it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone and not for exclusive use. Others drivers on the road take notice of drivers on there cell phones weather they want to or not because of the hazardo they create. Opponents who work depends on cell phones like lawyers or businessmen say that they always have to be available to answer the phone to keep their business running. However, because of their habits, they can create dangerous and risky situation or an accident. Business issues can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reaction. Because of they conversation they might get upset and this can lower their driving ability that can lead to lose control over the car.

However, it is illusion of safety because when people need it the most either they can't find it or reach it because they are stuck in car. People shouldn't fully depend on cell phones because they are not reliable, and the trusty solution for the difficult situation is OnStar. OnStar is a service that in case of accident or an emergency will contact you. If you are not able to answer, they will contact police department, hospital and fire service giving them your exact GPS location. Therefore, nowadays cell phones are unnecessary devices because they are unreliable in emergency situations while On Star is always prepare to help you in an accident.

Concluding, if people don't give up cell-phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. It is people responsibility to not incur their own and others people lives.   