Did you ever take online classes? If so, did you like them? Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Having students take classes online would be beneficial because they would be more independent, have more time, and get more sleep.

Many people believe that having classes online wouldn't be beneficial for students because they wouldn't have any one on one help with teachers, however, having classes online would be beneficial because they learn to be independent. For example, a teacher is there to help you out in whatever you don't understand, but many students then only depend on the help of their teachers without even trying on their own. Therefore, if classes were online, students would have the ability to learn how to be independent in their work.

Another reason why online classes would be beneficial for students is because they would have more time. For instance, let's say a student gets out of school at 3pm and has football practice after school everyday til 6pm, that student doesn't have enough time to get their homework or other responsibilities done and it's not only him, there are many students in that situation. Therefore, if classes were to be online, students would have more time in their hands in which they can work out a schedule to complete every task.

The final reason why online classes would be beneficial for students is because they would get more sleep. For example, students on average sleep 6 or less hours a day, this affects their activity during the day, like the simple task of just concentrating in class. Therefore, if classes were online not only would students have the opportunity to sleep earlier, but also have the option to sleep during the day without anyone yelling at them to wake up and pay attention.

In conclusion, I strongly urge you to think about the benefits having online classes would have on students. It would not only be a good idea for students, but also for teachers. It would be beneficial because students would learn the skill of independence, have more time to finish tasks, and get more sleep.