imagine you spend your all your schooling days at home and enjoy sleeping in, eating what ever lunch you want on your own time,and anytime your doing your work you could also be watching TV, but then suddenly you realize " wow my teens went by so fast" and now you have to get a real job and now you have to have a to wake up on time, and you dont have very many friends and you feel as if you wasted your teens. although you might have anxiety or stress,you should try to go to school to the best of your abilities. i believe all should go to normal school instead of online school because, you would not get good people skills,going to school is a helpful learning place where you learn life lessons, and you would not get the experience that is school.

first of all, you would not have good people skills. going to school kinda nurses you into society, were it teaches you to make friends and have your own little click, doing your own thing, this is even truer in high school were there are more students, i also believe it gives you the ability to adapt, weather that be to a new place or a friend changing or just getting into trends or memes. when going for a job you have to be able to make friends or at least present your self in a confident manner, if not that could give others the ability to walk all over you and or make fun of you, this sometimes still happens anyways but have confidants in your self or friends to help will make it easier and make you feel better about your self, this will also help with job interviews and life altercations, these are just some things i think life skills will help with.

second of all, going to school is a helpful learning place where you will learn life lessons, if you spend all you time on a computer taking courses you could miss a lot of things or not take in the information because your more of a hands on learner, like say you want to be a welder you take the OSHA test and other courses but when you go done to get a job youve never welded before. learning math, English, science, and others are not the only things you can learn in school, you can figure out what you want to do in life, or develop skills that you did you would not have anywhere else, like take me for example i wanted to be in the army but now i want to weld and i'm decent at art and thinking about being a tattoo artist.

last of all, you would miss the experience that is school, because your to busy at home being lazy at home getting fat, i understand school can be a scary place, i should know i'm a 10th grader i've been going awhile, i've handled bullies, losing friends getting new ones enjoying fun activities, grueling over stupid Sols that make me want to scream and stress me out, and learning to talk to girls, still working on that last one, but all the stress, anxiety bullies girl trouble, losing friend, and getting knew ones, are all apart of life, and its not easy but life is not easy as well, and going to school is getting you ready for life. school is an experience that i think all should do, i'm not saying i enjoy it but i'm thankful for it.

in conclusion, i think all should go to school instead of learning from a computer screen at home, anxiety, stress are things you most battle to overcome and make friend to help you out in your time of need or just to talk to, and developing people skills. you can learn so many life lessons from school such as a good schedule to stay on track what you wanna do in life, and develop knew skills and talents, and possibly some hobbies too. you would miss the experience that is school and waste your teens, you know most people that are out of school say enjoy it while you still can, or i wish i was back in school because becoming an adult is scary and you can never fully be prepared for it, so enjoy being a kid going to school hanging with friend and leaning along the way because it will end soon, and its free. and those are the main reasons why i think you should go to school instead of learning at home from a computer. 