Dear Florida State Senator,

I do not believe that we should keep the Electoral College. I think that we should vote for presidents and have them win by popular vote. My reasons for aboloshing the Electoral college is that the president should win by popular vote of the citizens of the U.S., we shouldn't let electors be the reason the president wins, and we should have a direct voting system than the Electoral College system.

First, the president should win by popular votes from the citizens, not electors of the candidates. The people would vote directly so the president would win by popularity of people in the states. The presidential candidate has electors. So when one person votes it counts as the electors votes not theirs. I don't think that is fair.

Second, we should not let the electors be the reason our president wins. It states in the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" that the "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their own candidate. They decided to vote for whoever they please. Isn't their job supposed to be to vote for their parties candidate. How can we trust them?

Thirdly, I believe that we should have direct voting instead of the Electoral College. The reason why is because we can easily vote ourselves and actually realize that the president we chose was actually us, not the electors. It is nice to know that we made that decision and not remember that it was just the electors getting their votes from ours. It states in the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" that ove sixty percent of voters would prefer a direct election because some states know that the actual voting and winning comes from the states electors. The people would not even pay attention to the campaigns because they don't care anymore.

In conclusion, people would rather have direct voting than the Electoral College. Direct voting is easy and it makes us feel like we actually care. The Electoral College however, doesn't really pay attention to the campaigns either because they are basing their votes from ours. The Electoral College is unfair in many ways. I would rather have direct voting than the Electoral College. Sixty percent of the U.S. would agree with me.    