Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Well, I have three reasons why online classes would benefit students. One they will get their work done faster, they will not be distracted by their friends, and lastly students dont have to Carry so many books around all the time. Schools in my opinion should be doing this of having online classes. Those are just three examples that i will be explaining.

The first reason was getting their work done faster. What i mean by that is the teacher is right there with that student. The teacher only works with that one student. She or he does not need to worry about other students. That helps students get their work done faster. Also students can ask more questions about what they are learning. Teachers can give more work in the area the student is struggling in and help them out. Students can get along with the teacher and a have a good relationship with their teachers.

The second reason was students get distracted. When students are in class rooms with other students they tend to get distracted really easily. They could be talking to their friends or doing other things. Thats what makes it hard for a student to learn. But when they are home and they are taking a online class they dont have their friends to be distracted by. Also the really big distraction students have is their phones they use during class and that affects their learning. Students during their online classes are just going pull out their phones and start using it because that would be very disrespectful to the teacher.

The last reason is carrying books. Students at schools or college have to carry books, some of those are really big and heavy. Students sometimes drop the books on the floor because they slipped. The books that Students need for their classes are sometimes really expansive and they cant afford them. But when students are taking online classes they dont have hard copy book they have the digital copies and students dont have to worry about carrying books everywhere. The books may not even be that expansive.

Schools all over the country should have online teaching because of the reasons i just gave. There are so many kids that don't have the opportunity to go to the school they want. The benefits that kids have to graduate from college or from high school increases by so much.

In conclusion the schools that offer online classes to students is good because of the three reasons i gave. Students get their work done faster, students get distracted easily and students dont have to carry books everywhere. This is the best offer for students that want to go to a good school but can't. I think every school should do this.         