The world of Venus is very rough, and there are lots of hazards we must overcome if we plan on visiting the planet. The whole planet is filled with danger around every corner, and we would need alot of protection if we planed to visit this unknown world. It is a planet very close to Earth, but it is also extremely close to the sun, making it 800 degrees fahrenheit on the planets surface. There is also clouds of corrosive sulfuric acid, and powerfull volcanoes. Which makes the idea of actually stepping foot on the planet impossible.

If we founded research to go near the planet, and studied Venus from a blimp like aircraft it would help us with reseach of how the world looked up close, but we will never be able to actually take samples of the world, no ground samples or gass samples because its too risky. The idea of a aircraft hovering 30 miles above the planet sounds amazing, and makes u imagine what it would be like, but there would not be much progress due to not being able to take pictures of the planet. The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that light does not travel through it making prictures and videos completely inefective. Even after we get there and see the planet, what then the gass would not let us continue to explore the planet, and without any photos or evidence the public might not even beleave that it took place.

Nasa is working on many approaches to study and find ways to reach venus. They have tested the material silicon carbon, in a chamber simulating the conditions we may face on the planets surface. The materials lasted three weeks in the condition, but what if the world of Venus is even worse then the chamber Nasa has built, would humans only have a certain amount of time to study the planet before before there ship and them get dissolved by the planet?

The author is very smart and knows his facts, but he does not know how dangerouse the planet will be, Nasa should focas on Mars and not a planet so hard for us to travel and discover. We have sent rovers to mars and they have landed and some still work to this day, but every thing Nasa has sent to venus has failed, this is why we should choose the red planet.