Dear Senator,

I am not alone when I say that I'm not in favor of keeping the Electoral College. According to the Gallup poll taken in 2000, over 60% of voters prefer a direct election, but Congress does nothing to change that. Keeping the Electoral college is unfair to the people of the United States. We should not keep the Elctoral College because, when Americans are voting, they are not voting for their president but for a slate of electors; the legislature is responsible for picking our electors not the people; and the process of a tie in the Electoral College is too unfair to the people.

When Americans are voting for a new president, they want their opinion to count. The popular vote explains what the people wanted for president, but that's not what the people are voting for. When we are voting for president, we are instead voting for a slate of electors; they in turn vote for the president. Voters can't control who the electors vote for, and this gives the a small say in voting for the president.

In the 2000 presidential race Al Gore received more individual votes thjan George W. Bush, but Bush won the election due the amont of elctoral votes over powering the popular votes. This completely goes against what the people want. The state legislatures are responsible for picking our slate electors; these electors have the right to defy the will of the people. Electors have refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a vote for whomever they please.

During a presidential election, one of the most worrying things to receive from an electoral vote is a tie. When there is a tie, the election is sent to the House of Representatives. Due to the fact that many voters vote one party for the president and another for Congress, the House's selection will barely reflect the will of the people. Their votes can be the complete opposites of the people's vote. You could help us bring an end to the Electoral College.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                                                                            