Does your school principal ever make you participate in after school activities?

If so, do you think it is fair? Well, I don't think it is fair, because, first of all, it takes away students' free time. After school programs not only take away free time, it also takes away time for students to do their homework and schoolwork. Secondly, if you have an upcoming test, and you don't have time to study if you want to get to bed at a decent hour, then you shouldn't have to do an after school program, otherwise, your activity should be canceled. Like, for instance, if you have an SOL the next day and you attend your after school activity because it wasn't called off, then you might not get the sleep you need for the test because you got home late, and couldn't study. It's good to have a fresh mind when you wake up in the morning, as well as a good breakfast.

If some students play sports, it will make them late for practices and games. Additionally, if you are a bit competitive and you play against someone during your activity, it could cause a lot more fights and even school suspension, if it goes too far. Students shouldn't be forced to do something that they don't want to do. Some students even like to go out to dinner with family and friends. Also, if they have lots of schoolwork to catch up on and their activity takes away their time to make it up, it can put pressure on students' when their work just piles up even more. For those reasons, after school activities should be eliminated for all schools. It can also take away students attention in class and cause them to lose focus, as well as, cause learning disabilities because they don't have the time to learn it in class. Stress can also cause students to want to miss school because they are overwhelmed with school work. If students don't want to participate, then don't force them.

After a long day at school, students like to go home and relax a while, but these after school programs that you are, supposedly required to attend to, take away that privilege. The schools need to realize how important free time is for students. Free time can also help with communication and interaction with friends. Students need to be aware of new responsibilities to prepare them for adult life. Growing up is hard to do and attending after school activities, only makes things harder because of the attention they are forced to put on their program. These reasons should be thought about and discussed before they decide on rather or not, after school activities is a good thing.          