Have you ever tried something new and loved it? There are many different things to try that might interest you, even if you've never thought about it before. You might find that trying new things can be really fun. Your principal has decided that all students must participate in one extracurricular activity and I agree with them because extracurricular activities can help students find new hobbies, they help make school less stressful, and children may end up making new friends.

Trying new things can often lead to finding new passions. You could try a sport, or learn an instrument. You could even join a club, like the Student Council Association, the yearbook committee, or a sports club after school. These are only some of the options for extracurricular activities. By trying a new activity, you might find a new hobby.

Doing an extracurricular activity can actually help students perform better in school. By allowing yourself to have a break from schoolwork to do an extra activity, you're giving your mind a time to relax. Also, when you always focus on school and nothing else, you might get stressed out and feel overburdened. It can be nice to just relax and hang out with friends. Going to extracurricular activities can help to make schoolwork seem less stressful.

Students will be introduced to other kids who share the same interests. Extracurricular activities are groups of kids, so you will meet other kids who are also interested in that activity. Meeting those kids and hanging out with them over the course of time may lead to strong friendships. There are some extracurricular activities that have a very strong community, like theatre, choir, or even a sports team. By joining an extracurricular activity, you can make lifelong friends.

The principal decides that you have to join at least one extracurricular activity, and this is a good idea. Extracurricular activities can help you find a new hobby. They can help you focus more in school, by taking away some stress. You could make some new friends along the way. In the end, this could be a great thing for the students at your school.