There are many advantages to limiting car usage, for exmple, it lowers the amount of emmisons present in the atmosphere which can lead to a better planet. All around the world people have started using cars less and less because of the problems they cause, such as polution and traffic, and have started moving to a better idea of society where everyone lives in a closer area with stores and jobs within walking distance. The life of cars is ending but our life is just getting better.

Since the times of World War 2, people have had the idea of spread-out homes and private garages but with new times come new ideas, new ideas of closer centered, compact cities. These new cities would have most shops and businesses in close quarters with housing to reduce the need for automobiles and have walking as a more reliable mode of transportation as well as a small amount of public transportation to assist with the more lengthy distances between home and work. In this new approach stores are placed closer to home along walkways rather than in malls along highways in the distance. This would reduce the space needed for the shopping centers as well due to the fact that they would no longer need large parking lots for all the vehicles that were once needed to commute to and fro.

Emissions and greenhouse gases have been a problem in modern society due to the fact that almost everyone has an automobile. This has been creating a large amount of stress on the enviroment and can lead to problems in the near future. Because of these problems, many enviomental agencies have started regulating car usage to try to keep the enviroment safe. Some of the ways they are doing this include promoting "car reduced" communities, which rely more on public transportation serving the suburbs than personal transportation. This helps to cut down on traffic and in turn the amount of emissions produced by cars on the road. Another way to prevent this is to ban the act of driving all together. Paris has done this in the past to combat the amount of smog accumulating in their city by banning the driving of certain license plate numbers which reduced the amount of traffic and emissions.

Car free cities are also very popular. an example of this is Bogota, Columbia. They have had cars banned for the last three years, minus buses and taxis. The goal of this project was to promote alternate means of transportation and reduce smog. This has created over 118 miles in bicycle paths as well as broad smooth sidewalks. The amount has traffic has also been cut in half during rush-hour thanks to new restrictions. New retaurants and upscale shopping has also come up all around the area. The amount of smag has also been reduced significantly and air quality has made a huge jump.

Overall, the age of the  car is coming to an end, but it is making our life better and easier. Hopefully these new restrictions and ideas will help us to reduce smog, cut down on traffic and produce a better, more stress-free, lifestyle. Then, maybe we can all become "Urban /k/ommandos" someday. The term "Urban /k/ommando" is trademark of the /k/ Branch of 4Chan. org and is not to be used by any parties who do not assume the responsibilities of carrying this title.             