When you need advice who do you go to, do you go to one of your friends or one of your parents or you just go ask random people for there opinion. You can get an opinion from almost anybody if you need advice and its not private then you can go ask a random person or just go to a friend if its more private.

Most people go and talk to multiple people, why because they want to hear other peoples prospective and see what would they do and see which of there advice is best and think that will help them out. I prefer to go to multiple people instead of one just one because they can all give you good advice if you really need it but if you just need an idea then go ask anyone and they can probably help you out.

If you need advice it doesn't have to be personal it can be anything like a school project if you really need an idea you can go to your teacher but if your teacher doesn't really help you out then go to a couple of your friends and get all of there opinions and which ever of there advice or idea helps use it it can be useful.

When you need advice because you like this girl and you want to impress her but you dont know how or what to do because your not the close to her you can go ask one of her friends they can give you good advice and ideas on how you can impress her. You dont have to go to one of her friends you can go to multiple of them they can really help you out because there her friends so they know what that girl like and where she likes to go so they can really help you out so if you need advice go to one of there friends.

What if you applied to get a job and you already went to your interview and he said that you were a nice guy and then the next day is your first day and you have no idea on what to expect because you never had a job so what can you do. If your in this situation you can go to anyone thats older then you that has a job they can give you advice and tips on how to do good on your first day. You can go to your parents or your older brother and they can really help you out because they can give you there opinions on what to do if they were in your shoes they would dont be worried its fine i know your nerves because its your first job its going to be great. Thats why you should go to multiple people not just one because one person can't really help you out but two or three people can.

Getting multiple people can really help you out because they give you so many ideas, tips, and advice on what to do or on how they can help you out but one person can't really give you all those ideas but multiple people can that why i prefer to talk to multiple people instead of one.