Generic_Name

Mr Generic_Name

4 period English Honers

March 10 2020

Advice

When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person.

I think that people do this because, when someone is asking other people for advice, they are hearing different opinions on how to handle the situation.

Some people might do this so hear more than one side of a story or hear different ways to do something.

I do this to see what my choices are.

The more people I ask, the more choices I get.

I used to think that if I'd ask one person for advice, then that was it because I thought it was good advice.

Sometimes it works when you ask one person for advice, but you need to ask more than one person to get good advice because two heads are better than one.

The more people you ask the smarter or dumber some advice sounds.

Some of the reasons that people ask others for advice are, to narrow down their choices to pick the best one.

If they narrow their choices down to pick the best one, they have a couple to work with and will probably end up having good advice.

The first person you ask could have not great advice or didn't quite give you what you where looking for.

The people that you ask could have the same advice as you.

All of these are reasons to ask more than one person for their opinion.

The whole goal of asking other people opinions is to see which will most effectively work.

I understand the fact that the first person's advice is good but, you need to ask other people to see if it is good advice or bad.

Some people that give out really good advice are your parents or grandparents.

They have usually gone through what you are going through and know the right type of advice to give out. Teachers and counselors also give out good advice towards school.

Therapists almost always have good advice because they are paid too.

If you are going to ask more than one person for advice, make sure they are someone you can trust.

I believe that it is smart ask more than one person for their advice because you could hear one that they have not heard before.

If it is advice you have not heard before, then it could let you have a wider collection.

Some people might have the same advice or opinions therefore making it the most effective because it is the most common and used by most people. For me, the two most reliable people for good advice is my parents.

The best choice you can make from others advice should benefit you.