Many people constantly have to face the dilemma of choosing their life or their device while driving such as responding to a quick text, checking notifications or switching from Justin Bieber to Ed Sheeran. What seems like a simple answer may not be simple to others. Which leads to the question, should drivers be able to use their phones while driving freely? I strongly agree that phones should be banned in every capacity while operating a moving vehicle. As there are a numerous of consequences to this action, it's crazy to say that they are still many who don't understand the dangers of it. Keeping a stable lifestyle is the goal and doing what is right for you is important to follow so knowing before you do is helpful for certain circumstances.

The usage of a cellular phone while driving increases the risk of a crash. According to an Edgar Snyder associates article, "The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year." How exactly? When a notification or ringer sounds it grabs the attention of the driver tempting them to check it immediately making it a distraction. This not only risks you as the driver but the others nearby who are also not always paying the most attention. Death is a major effect when it comes to any distracted devices in a car. Ways to prevent this situation would be to turn all devices on mute, complete any calls or texts before you start moving and check in with your friends/family after the arrival to prevent the urge.

Choices made, whether bad or good, follow you forever and affect everything else in your path one way or another. Everytime you decide to focus on your phone instead of the road you are risking your life and the payments of it. When you get into a wreck regardless of who is at fault, the insurance rate will most likely increase. This creates extra unnecessary payments which takes a chunk of money out of your paycheck. Also when in a motor vehicle accident case payment of your medical bills will differ depending on who is the cause of the crash. However health is important yet expensive so this might follow you even after the situation possibly leaving you with thousands of dollars to pay off. Not to mention vehicle repairment is not cheap and only starts from 175$-500$ and if a new transmission is needed then prices can reach from 1,800 to a high as 4,000$. All these extra costs could be avoided if you don't let electronics get the best of you.

However, phones are the main resource for communicating which is essential in every aspect throughout the day. Whether it's to make a business call, call your loved ones or respond to a notification, cellular devices are always stuck to us like a magnet. Yes it is a distraction, but what about in an emergency when you need to speak to either a law enforcement agency, medical provider, fire department or even a family emergency. Paper maps can be confusing and now that phones have a gps, that makes going from A to B such a breeze. Meaning you would have to follow the directions of your phone either way. Multitasking is also a skill most people can do while driving and that isn't always with a telephone such as applying makeup, eating food or grabbing something on another seat. You may feel like you can respond quick at a glance and then boom you crash, the outcome can be of endless possibilities.

We all have rules we follow and set just like the government does. New laws are constantly being passed every year. Here in Georgia cellular devices while operating a vehicle is a serious violation. According to a USA today article, "Drivers can no longer have phones touching any part of their body while talking through devices, the safety office stated. Reading emails, social media posts and text messages is banned, as well as writing any such content." in regards to what governor Nathan Deal signed. The hands free Georgia act has seemed to be helping and improving this habit drivers. The fine for a first conviction is $50.00 and 1 point is evaluated against the driver's license. The fine is $100.00 and 2 points for a second conviction and $150.00 and 3 points for three or more conviction. Signs everywhere around Atlanta that states the new law reminds citizens to think twice about taking their eyes off the road.

Phones connect us with the world through time and space. However phones while driving a vehicle is a question people ask if it's okay or not. In my eyes it leads to problems no one needs

. From distractions to risking the lives of others to extra payments to emergencies to the law needs to be followed. Money is heavily spent on the worst outcomes to car crashes but nothing equals death and being gone over a phone. Emergencies are common and everyone has them but something you can never take back is life so it's best to think fully before you do. Even if many have gotten away with it once before, someone is always watching and if it's the cops you're on your own with the ticket. Maybe that will help your actions be took into consideration.         