In the United states, it important to attend school whenever possible. After all, missing a single day could cause a snowball effect to start and one could fall behind easily. Some schools have started offering distance learning to allow students to attend class from home via video conference. This ingenious idea could potentially drastically reduce the negative effects of absences. It greatly benefits those who are sick for long periods of time or hospitalized, grants a level of accountability that discourages skipping school, and facilitates a faster class pacing through a reduction of wasteful review time.

Most, if not all people have experienced being sick at one point or another. There's many ways to get sick and many ways your body protects itself. When one gets the stomach flu, they should take a day to get better before returning to school, but for those who are chronically ill or hospitalized, this might not be an option. With distance learning as an option, those who are bedridden or otherwise physically incapable of getting to school for an extended period could continue to further their education and not have to worry about making up assignments when they get back. With the current system in place for homework and school projects, it's exceptionally easy to have a few days of medical leave turn into a huge headache for the sick individual, but with distance learning, a diligent student could maintain their grades and sanity even if they are incapable of being at school in person.

Keeping in mind that not everyone might have a positive attitude about school, it is important to note the accountability that comes with a distance learning option. Students would be less inclined to miss school on purpose because they would still be accountable for being in class over video. Without a doctors note or an email from a parent, it would be incredibly difficult for someone to get away with skipping class both physically and digitally without getting caught in their lie. Through this clever trick, schools would be able to crack down on the students who regularly skip school for various reasons. In this way, distance learning benefits students with an attitude problem almost as much as it benefits those with health issues.

Additionally, the distance learning system benefits teachers. With students in class physically or digitally an overwhelming majority of the time, teachers would not need to recap their last lesson as often because the students were there and don't need as much of a refresher. This would allow teachers greater flexibility in their teaching schedules, letting them breeze through the topics that students find easy in order to linger longer on more challenging material. Not only does this freedom give teachers the ability to get through material faster, but it also allows them to teach more effectively and efficiently.

One might argue that distance learning could enable cheating, but there are ways to implement it in a way that significantly reduce the chances that it's taken advantage of. For example, attending a class via video conference could count as being tardy instead of an absence or attendance, which would allow use of the system, but discourage reliance on it. Students would still need their assignments turned in physically, and would not be able to test using the call.

In conclusion, the benefits of a distance learning system far outweigh any possible negative side-effects. Such an option would encourage each student to give their education top priority. Allowing students to attend class even when sick or physically impaired would invite them to show their true colors and would allow those who push themselves to continue to achieve their goals and aspirations. Distance learning should be an option offered by every school, to promote a bright future for every student.