Generic_Name

Mr. Generic_Name

10/11/20

Why People Should Always Get Multiple Opinions

When making an important decision, or just asking for advice, people should always talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions will help them be more successful by giving you more views on a topic. If someone seek multiple opinions, they will make smarter, more knowledgeable and better choices because they will help give you a more accurate response as well as different opinions.

One key reason why someone should ask multiple people for their opinion is because they will get more accurate data. For example, If someone asked one person a question and they answered yes, then they would be more likely to agree with the person that answered, but if they asked ten people and only the first person said yes, then it would be unlikely for them to agree with the person that said yes. This means that people will be more informed when asking multiple people instead of one.

Another reason why someone should ask more than one person is because everyone has a different opinion. Their opinion could be based on their background, beliefs, ethnicity, wealth, gender and many other reasons. This means that it is important to ask multiple people because everyone thinks differently about certain topics. One example would be politics. People often have different political beliefs based on where they live, their race, their wealth, and other factors, because of this, it is important to ask people that are different from you in these categories. They could have a completely different opinion that you have never thought of, and could swing your view on a issue.

Lastly, people that ask multiple other people for their opinions will often be more successful with whatever they are trying to do or achieve. If a someone asks multiple people, then the people asked will help them come to a decision. The decision that will be made will be informed by others that they ask, and will be better than the choice that they would have made if they had no help or advice.

Some people say that if someone asks multiple people for advice, that would mean that they would no longer be come up with an opinion for themselves. This is incorrect because a persons opinion is based on what other people say or do. With out other people to give advice, people would not be able to create the same opinions.

These are multiple reasons talking to more then one person will help you get better advice than if you were to just get one opinion. Asking multiple opinions will give you a more accurate overall view on how people feel about something as well as help someone become more successful. Getting more than one opinion can even help people think about things they had not previously thought about or considered.      