Think of a time where no one drives anymore. A time where no one even knew how to drive. A time that could possibly be the beginning of a new era or the end to a great one. This will all come with the power of someone to sit in a car and do aboslutely nothing. The car would do everything for you. " They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the drvier when the road ahead needs human skills" these cars could bring an end to a tradition that has gone on for hundreds of years. the tradition of a parent teaching their child to drive. These cars are going to be the end to the world we know today.

There are hundreds of crashes every year from people not paying attention while driving. That number will only go up with these cars. The cars can drive themselves; however, what if when the driver is needed the most they are to busy texting or playing games on their phone. It has been a privelige for the past 60 years to get to learn how to drive. To get that responsiblity to sit behind the wheel of a car. With these cars they are giving that responsiblity to just about anyone. Has this society really downgraded so much that we are to the point of the safety of those around us doesn't matter.

"Google cars aren't truly driveless", but what happens when they become fully drivless? More bank robberies, shootings, bombings, etc. With this cars we are giving these people easier ways to escape from the police from being put away for their crimes. These cars would allow murders to get away and not have to worry about their prints anywhere since the car drives it self. If anything these cars will be the beginning of a worse generation.

"In the 1980s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes."

These cars have been in the making for over 30 years and they still haven't come out with a safe and easy way to make it work. That should be a big red flag to get people to realize how unsafe these cars could be to everyone. What would happen if the car didn't brake in time and because of that it kills a group of children who's to blame there? The car becuae it can drive itself. The maker because the car should of stopped itself. Or the driver who sat back and didn't do anything to stop the car.

The privelige to drive has been pasted down over the years and now there is a possiblity that it will eventually stop. The idea of a car driving itself should be terrifying. However, to a lot of people it makes sense, since we are to an era where phones can type by themselves. So why can't cars drive themselves. This idea of no one driving could end the world as we know it or be the break to an new era. It's up to the people in this generation to decide if we want to pass the experience of actually driving down to our childern or if we don't find it useful to them. If we don't then we might as well get rid of all the cars we have now.