February 1, 2011

Dear Principle,

Hello. I have recently heard the news that you are thinking about not allow students to participate in sports unless they have a B average. I think that it's a fair policy and I could not agree more with your thoughts.

I agree with you because many students that play sports as a middle school student will most likely not be a professional athlete, due to the very tough competition. Therefore, I believe that students should have at least a B average in school, so that later on, if they decide they are going to quit sports, they will still be able to succeed towards the academics side. If they only focus on sports from an early age, but later realize they're not good enough to be a professional, their futures of getting jobs will most likely to be difficult. No matter what job a person receives, they require some sort of basic skill in any of the subjects taught in school. So in case they don't succeed as a professional athlete, I think it's very important that students receive good grades in their education today.

If they start to earn C' s and other below-average grades starting from middle school, there is a better chance that they will most likely do the same in high school and college. I believe that whatever they major in college, there is always some sort of education involved. And what kind of good parent doesn't want their child to go to a college and become successful? Students should start to bring their grades up now, so they can start getting into the habit, that will help them throughout the rest of their lives.

Let's say that students who are involved in sports right now, do become professional athletes in their future. Even if they do, the basic skills of subjects like language arts and math are still needed. If as middle school students, they decide their careers as athletes, if they don't have the basic skills, I can guarantee they will have problems, even as an athlete. You will need your reading skills for situations like signing a contract, or math skills for when paying bills or counting up your money. Even as an athlete, you need the basic knowledge, so I think it's important that a student has these skills and properly learn them when they have the chance.

As you can see, education is very important, regardless of what activities a student is involved in. It doesn't matter where that student decides to go in their future, they will always need the basic education. I believe that students should raise their grades up before they regret it in their future, so I hope you do change the policy, for the better.

Sincerely,

Anonymous