Most students in school are assigned summer projects so that they continue to learn over their two month summer break. Some of these projects can be dreadful and tedious, and others can be fun and exciting. The main goal of the projects is for students to continue learning over their summer break. Usually, when students don't learn, they have a hard time adjusting to the new school year which can immensely hurt their grades. These summer projects can be designed by the teachers or the students. Summer assignments should be student-designed because students know which projects are interesting and they know how their peers learn and think, which can help the students better learn from the assigned projects.

Summer projects should be student-designed because students know which projects other students will find interesting. If summer projects are boring and tedious, students won't want to learn anything. If they do things that are more fun and involving then they will definitely learn more and better, which is the entire purpose of assigning summer projects. When teachers assign projects, most of the time they aren't as fun because the teachers just want to get the point across and in the end hope that the students understand. When the students design the project, they know for certain that the students will learn from them because they themselves are students. Teachers may assign packets of worksheets or book reports that need to be completed by the beginning of the school year. However, when you ask students to fill out a packet, they don't really learn anything because frankly it's not that interesting. If students design the projects, they might have the students do an experiment that involves them more so that they can learn better. They might also design projects where students can work together on an experiment, and when two minds work on something, it always leads to better acquisition of the information. Collaborating with others is also a great way to learn, especially over the break,

Another reason why students should design summer assignments is because students know how their peers think and learn whilst on break, which also leads back to interesting projects the students will design. When students design the projects they think of what their classmates find interesting and it can be easier for them because they are students themselves. In other words, because they are students themselves, they know which projects to assign because they will find them interesting. Sometimes when teachers design projects they think it's interesting when they're actually not. In order to make sure they are fun, it's best to have students design the projects. When students are on break they don't want to learn from a packet of worksheets, they want to learn from fun experiments and activities. One time, my teacher designed a summer project and she thought it was an exciting experiment, but she didn't realize that the experiment was actually really long and complicated for the students. We were also on break and couldn't ask her because she didn't respond to anyone's emails. When you need clarification on a student-designed project you can easily ask them because you know where and who they are.

Some say that teacher-designed projects are the best because the teachers know what the students need to learn, especially for the coming year. Even though this may be partly true, the teachers can easily let the students, who are designing the projects, know what the students should learn from the projects and go from there. Students will have a better clue on what the projects need to be about and can make it interesting for the students, so that they continue to learn over their break. If students design the experiments, they can make sure the experiments aren't complicated or tedious either.

In conclusion, student-designed projects are much better for students to continue learning over the summer break. Students will better learn the important information if the projects are interesting and well thought out, which the students know how to do. Students should also design the experiments because they know which projects are interesting and know how their will classmates learn from them. When projects are fun, the students will retain the information better and will allow them to learn over their two month summer break. Summer projects don't need to be boring packets of worksheets, they can be experiments and other activities that stimulate the students' brains in order for them to continue learning. 