A young man named Generic_Name went to school on an online platform. He was aloud to pace himself, but he never wanted to do work, instead of using his time wisely Generic_Name would go play basketball in the park. By the time Generic_Name was eighteen he had not done his school work and could not graduate. This is what often happens to online students. Although students that go to online school have more time to work on one specific subject, students should physically go to school because it allows the student to become more social, it also allows the student to get help from teachers, and it lets them be able to go to their counselors if needed.

First off, during a students high school career they will meet many new people. For example, Generic_School in Generic_City has almost 2,000 students. The students at Generic_School see new faces almost every day when they are walking down the halls. When a student takes online classes they do not get this opportunity. When students first get to high school teachers often put their students in groups and that is how students meet new people, for a student working on an online class the only time the student would get to communicate with another student would be over messaging and not face to face. Another way students get to meet people by physically going to school is by participating in sports or extracurricular activities. In conclusion, it is easier to meet people by actually attending school rather than going to online school.

Secondly,sometimes students do not understand a unit that they are learning and need to ask more questions, at most schools their are after school tutoring sessions or students ask their teachers for extra help. When attending online school students do not have this luxury. For a student attending online school to get help they would have to email their teacher, who may not answer for a few days. This process may be very time consuming and may put students behind their peers. A second reason a student may want to speak with their teachers in person is teachers can be great mentors for the future and may help students decide what they want to do with life after school. Many students will console in their teachers, they will ask for advice or help with a situation. All in all, teachers are a good resource for students to have around for things such as tutoring or mentoring.

Lastly, when a student attends a school their is a set of counselors to help the student with anything from schedule changes to emotional troubles. A student who attends online school does not get this privilege. Counselors are a big help to the social society in a school, if a student is getting bullied they will help the student resolve the situation. Counselors also can help students apply for college and apply for scholarships. In conclusion, counselors are a good resource that online students are missing out on.

Finally, high school students should attend high school in person because it lets them expand their social skills, allows them to get tutoring options, and it lets students have access to a counseling staff. Online students should reconsider their schooling methods. Students who physically attend school will have an easier time graduating than students who go to online school or attend through video conferencing. 