Summer is a time for students to take the stress off of school and to have fun with their friends. Some schools think kids should still have projects throughout the summer to continue their learning. Each school is different, some schools have the teachers come up with the project, while others lets the students make it. Schools should have teacher-designed projects for the summer because it would get students ready for what they will learn that year, teachers could count it as a grade once school starts, and it would be an easy project that would not take too long to do.

If a teachers got to come up with the project they make it on the one of the topics the students would learn that year. They know what they will be teaching, so they would make the projects on specific units to prepare you for the class. Doing this is great because it will get the students ready and interested into the subject early on. This will help the students for when they start school they will already know a little about the topic. The more students know to start with the better they might do in the class.

Another great thing is if the teacher designed the project, then they could count the project as a grade to get the school year started. This is good because right off the bat the student could have a good grade if they do the project correctly. Knowing this more people, for sure, would do the project. Starting the year off with a good grade can help benefit you later on, if you start to struggle a little bit. The project would be easy, so it would be easy to get a good grade, which is a great way to start a school year with. The more students doing the project, the more students you will have thinking and getting involved in school during the summer.

The teachers would make it a fairly easy project that would not take the whole summer to do. Summer is the teachers vacations as well, and they know as much as the kids do that they want to relax. Lots of kids travel and hangout with friends during summer and teachers know that, so they would make it a pretty fair and easy project. Doing projects like these kids get more involved and excited to do them. If teachers did a simple, and maybe even a little fun, project it would keep the kids thinking and yet not stressed out.

Some might say that the students should design the project. They think this because they say the students could make it their own and they would be more interested if they got to choice what they wanted to do. Although some people say that, if a student got to choice their topic or how they want to do their project they would do it too easy for themselves. Summer projects should be designed by the teachers because it would be on a subject they will learn later that year, the teachers could count it as a grade, and they would make it a simple and fun project to do. Everyone benefits more if the teachers made the projects rather than the students. 