Dear Senator PROPER_NAME,

As you are well aware, elections in the United States are of extreme importance. Therefore, it is vital to have the best system possible when electing officials. Maintaining the current system of Electoral College would be a fatal mistake to our country. We must elect canidates by poular vote alone.

According to the articele

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong

by Bradford Pulumer, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Beccause of the winner-take all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states." Americans who are voting the the next president should have the right to hear what canidates have to say. They may be the only one in their state who is not a democrat, but shouln't their vote still be heard.

The article also states that, "Perhaps most morrying is the prospect of a tie in the elctoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the Houise of Representatives, where sate delegations vote on the president." Shouldn't the American people get to decide who their president is?! We fought a war so that we would be able to govern ourselves. If the House of Representatives are allowed to choose our president, then why did why fight the war againg Great Britain? It isn't right.

Though the article

In Defense of the Electoral Collge: Five Reasons to keep our despised methos of choosing the President

sates that "it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not be the winner of the popular vote. Yet that has happened very rarely." The opposition even admits that the President may not be who the nation wants as their leader. That should never happen.

As you see Senator, Electoral College must be abolished by any means neccessary. To keep such an unjust system goes against the very principle the America was founded on. "We the people..." It was not "We the government..." or "We the rulers...". How can we claim to be a nation of liberty when the citizend are unable to determine who their president should be.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                            