You have just scored the game winning goal for your soccer team. "Goal", the crowd roars. Your team crowds around you with joy. This is a famillar feeling for students who take part in extracurricular activities. Whether its the newspaper club, robotics club, or the football team. These students get to feel a sense of acomplishment when he or she takes part in extracurricular activities. Therefore all students should be required to take part in an extracurricular activity. Joining these activities will help students make friends, explore future carrer options, and learn life lessons.

Students will be able to make new friends if they are required to take extracurricular activities. For example they will be able to find students with simillar hobbies as them. To add on students will learn communication skills which they can use to make firends. For instance if a student were to join soccer they would have to talk to eachother to know who to pass the ball to and when. Lastly they will meet more of their new peers who are also apart of the same club or sport who they might have not ever met before. In conclusion extracurricular activities help students make friends.

Extracurriculars also help students explore future carrer options. First of all students can figure out what they are good at and explore future jobs that match those skills. For example if a student was in the yearbook club and he or she was really good at drawing they could look into future carrers as an artist or graphic designer. Also speakers come in every two months and speak about their jobs and how students could pursue their dream jobs. Furthermore students have a chance to get a scholarship to college for doing a sport. Then they could continue that sport in college. Also being good at a sport will make it easier for them to get into their dream college. Which is why extracurriculars help students explore future carrer choices.

Lastly by requiring students to take extracuriculars students learn important life lessons. For example student learn how to be good leaders. This is because in extracuriculars there is always a captain selected if you are selected as captain you learn how to be a good leader but, if u aren't selected as the leader you learn how to be a team player and how to follow a leader. To add on you learn how to balance your time. Therefore you must be able to keep up with all the stuff you have to do in your club and your school work at the same time. Lastly another life lesson you learn in clubs is how to communicate properley and respectfully with your fellow peers. These are a few of the may life lessons you learn while taking part in an extracurricular activity.

All students should be required to take at least one extracurricular activity. Extracurriculars encourage and help students make friend, explore future carrer options, and learn life lesseon. As a student body we must stress to all students how important it is to follow the principals wishes and, join extracurricular activities.        