There is a growing movement in lots of western countries to do less driving. In Bogota, the capital city of Colombia, a "Day Without Cars" has been established. It is an annual event where residents of the city are banned from using cars, and violators are fined. In Paris, residents were banned from using their vehicles for about week due to toxic emmisions, widely blamed on diesel fuel. In Germany, a development neighborhood called Vauban was created and has a strict policy on parking. Car-sized garages, and street parkin are banned, requiring residents to pay an extra 40000 dollars to purchase a parking space in the neighborhood. These ideals are even spreading to America.

Driving will emit toxins into the air, called greenhouse gases. These gases rise into the air, but are trapped by the ozone layer into our atmosphere and make the Earth warmer. This is a bad thing because the Arctic will start to melt and sea levels would rise. Now, vehicles are not the sole cause of this episdemic, but they are a large contributor. In Beijing, China it is said to be so polluted due to tailpipe emmisions that one would get sick if they were to go outside without a mask on to stop from breathing in the chemicals. In Paris, France the airborne toxins reached to a level just under the amount of chemicals in the air of Beijing. The city officials of Paris had to ban use of automobiles for about a week to rid the air of the poisons. If caught, vialotors were fined 22 euros (31 dollars American). This worked suprisingly well, and since the air cleared up, peoplpe are allowed to use their cars again. The Vauban in Germany is a neighborhood that has made it extremely difficult to own a vehicle. While vehicle ownership is permitted, car-sized garages are not included in the homes, and parking on the street is prohibited. If a resident wishes to park their vehicles, they must spend 40000 extra dollars along with the house for a space in a large garage at the edge of the development. This has all lead to cleaner air and happier, healthier people.

It is a well known fact the walking and cycling helps a person stay in shape. It keeps the heart flowing regularly, helps keep the lungs exercised, and keeps leg muscles strong ad healthy. If these ways of transportation are exhibited more often, and vehicles used less, we will not only have cleaner air, but a healthier human population. Walking can also help the brain work with the body to relieve stress, which puts people at less of a risk for heart disease. These factors are essential to producing a healthier population, which could let people live longer, and encourage them to do meaningful things that could benefit other parts of the world. The Internet has also been helpful in keeping people connected with friends and loved-ones without the need of driving to see them. It is possible to to center where you live around places to buy food and necessary supplies, as well as close to your workplace, all in walking distance. Even if that is not possible, finding a bus or public trnasportation route is always an option. It is less expensive than gasoline (tax included), car insurance, and any other expenses that might come with a privatly-owned vehicle. It is also less likely to get into an auto-accident when using public transportaion, and if it does happen it is not your responsibility to pay for the insurance deductible. All these factors and alternative transportaion methods can help to improve life for all people than it is with so many privately-owned vehicles.

The private owning of vehicles is convienient, but is still a hazard to the genearal health of our population. It poisons the air, and gives people an excuse to not walk or ride their bycyles as much, which can diminish their physical health. If we start to use privately owned vehicles less, however, it will promote the general welfare of our people. It is possible to cut the use of these vehicles short and preserve, even raise, our standards of living.    