When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Some people ask more than one person for there advice, so they can weight there options. The advice I go to my friends for are Clothes, Nail Polish, and Hair. Those are just a couple but those are the major ones.

The first reason I go to my friends for advice is Clothes. Some clothes are cute but some are to cropped for me. I ask my friends if this would look good on me. Some of the stuff does but, some doesn't. Also if my clothes match. I send them the outfit that I am wearing and get there opinions. most of the time my clothes match. It is just when I am unsure about it matching that I send it to them.

Another reason I go to my friends for advice is Nail Polish. Nail Polish is hard to pick from because they have so many beautiful colors. When I am choosing I send the colors that I like the most and the glitter, if I am feeling a glitter that day,. After I send them, they text me the ones they like and then I choose between those that they choose, or the ones that got choose the most. once i have them then i try then out on a piece of my finger so then i will know if they are darken then the bottle says or litter. On another piece of that same finger nail i make sure the Nail Polishes look good together.

The final reason I go to my friends for advice is Hair. I ask this question a lot, if my hair looks good ?. The reason I do that is because I try new hair styles, and I wear them to school so i ask people if I look good with it.

For example, I learned how to french braid and i wore it to school. All day people were asking me to do there hair. so i guess it looked good.

My conclusion is that when people ask for advice you should answer it and help them out. I help people out when they come to me. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. If you are that person then you are a important person to them. These are just a couple of the things I go my friends for but when I do they are happy because they got to help out one of there friends with advice. The advice I go to my friends for are clothes, nail polish, and hair. Those are only a couple but the major ones.  