Cars are used for transporting from place to place, but is it really the best way to get somewhere? There are many factors that are being affected when using cars. Many people believe cars are the best way to get somewhere but the only good thing about a car is the amount of time it takes to get somewhere. Even time isn't a good reason for why cars are being used. Limiting car usage would have so many advantages that people should take advantage of.

To begin with, some people use alternative transportations rather than cars. For example, Germany, Paris, and Columbia don't use cars on a daily basis like most people do in other countries. Those specific countries have either banned cars or they just don't need cars to transport from one place to another. Source 1 states, " Residents of this upscape community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars." In my neigboorhood, most people walk to the Publix right near our community because they either don't have a car or they just prefer to walk. Although it might be quicker to go in car, it is environmentally friendly to ride your bike or walk. In Source 3 states, " 'It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,' said the businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as her rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife." Taking a walk somewhere or riding a bike can be a great workout or just creates calmness if you are stressing. Alternative transportations are a good because then people wouldn't cause any harm to the environment or affect anything else.

In addition, smog is an issue that should be reduced which would limit car usage. Some places like Paris have already reduced smog so they could clear the air in their city. Source 2 states, " Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five-days of intensifying smog..." When the smog arose in Beijing, the amount of cars reduced which cleared the streets of France. Smog could be seen as a good thing because once it arouse, the amount of cars used decreased. Limiting car usage is a good thing, and people should realize that.

To conclude, there are so many advantages for limiting car usage. People have many other options instead of using cars and they should take advantage of that. Smog has created cars to be banned in many cities. Alternative transportaion makes many people not use cars and that is a good thing. Next time think about whether you want to use a car or just use something else.    