"Try to work harder in life, that will help you with your problems. Being lazier in life is the key to finding happiness, without it we cannot live on. Life is like an ocean, it comes back to get you time and time again." These are things called advice, it is something that one gives to another to help them with problems they have. The problem with having advice is, due to the overwhelming population on this planet, people tend to try and focus on one piece of advice and not expand their horizon. As a result, they tend to not have a good life filled with joy but a bitter life that leads them nowhere. That is the reason why having different types of advice will help someone out a lot more than just having one piece of advice. There are three reasons why more advice is better: one person cannot have all the advice in the world, having all that advice will help people form their own opinions, and successful people around the world only became successful through the advice of more than one person.

Firstly, there is not a single person in the world who has all the knowledge of life. They cannot know every single culture, every single belief, every single way to cope with life, every single shortcut, and every single language in the world. In addition, that is not the end of the list there are many more things that make up the knowledge of life, which one person cannot have fully. When people seek for advice, they are looking for a solution to a problem, whether it be life or how to answer a question. In order to find the answer to whatever the problem is, there needs to be more than one person involved to help so that they can offer their opinion of the situation based on their experience in the problem. Finally, throughout all of history there is not a single battle won by just one person. It takes a whole army to win a battle, just like how it takes a lot of advice to form one good choice. Also, kings in the old ages had more than one adviser, so that they can get advice from many people who have more experience in life than they do. Therefore, having different types of advice from different people is much better than having advice from one person who does not know everything.

When one person is asked for advice, the advice is followed and the receiver does everything they can with the advice given. When multiple people are asked for advice, the receiver bases off their own choice or opinion from the advice given to them by other people. In this world, everyone is different because of their experience in life, their appearance, their mindset, etc. There is no way advice from one person will help with the problem of a different person, which results in bad advice. Being able to make your own opinion about something based off of other people's opinions is what life is about. The only reason why people are able to give their own advice was by forming their own opinions from people before them. Throughout life, people will face hardships and challenges different from everyone else, which is another reason why everybody is different. Because of that, it is important that everyone forms their own opinion and not just one given to them by only one person. So, that's why people who ask more than one person are able to succeed in life, whereas people who do the opposite get the opposite in life.

Lastly, successful people around the world were only able to get where they are now because of the people surrounding them and the advice they got. Important people in the world such as Bill Gates, got all types of advice; whether it be good, bad, misleading, or questioning advice they still were able to become successful. That is all due to the fact that they were able to pick out the ones that apply to them and form their own opinions. Elon Musk, the founder of the company Tesla, was not able to make a Tesla when he was just a teenager. He had to ask for advice from people on how to make a name for himself, he had to learn everything about a car and the way it works, he had to ask for advice about what to do with all the money he got when he became successful. As a result, he was able to achieve his dream through the advice of others, and not just one person. Barack Obama, a former president, did not now anything about politics when he was a toddler. So, how did he become the first African American president in all of U.S. history? It was because of all the advice he got from everyone on where to go to study politics, how to become a successful politician, how to make a campaign for presidency, etc. Only then was he able to form his own opinion through the advice of others and decide where to study politics and how to become the president. In the end, the only way a person can become successful is by forming their own opinions through the advice of not one person, but many.

"People in this world are only able to live because of the people surrounding them. Trying to forget your past is the best thing you can do. Changing the past will not help your future." Because of all this advice, it is hard to find the right one that will help someone. So, what most people do is just ask one person for advice and stick to that when solving their problem. That is exactly what leads to bad advice, because there is not one person in the world who has all the knowledge. For good advice, people need multiple types of advice from different people who have different experiences. Using all that advice, they will be able to form their own opinions and use that for whatever their problem might be. Also, successful people around the world are not able to become who they are based off of just hard work. They had to ask for advice from people with more experience about how to achieve their goals, how to fix an ongoing problem in the world, etc. By doing so, they themselves became successful. So next time there is a problem, remember that having multiple types of advice is better. 