Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by making them think about the outcome of there choice because there choice might give them a bad future, they can make sure that it is the best choice for them, and can help them realize what they want to do in life. If they make good choices throughout there whole life it can make them end up with great friends, house, and family.

My first reason is so that they do not make a choice that will give them a bad future. Sometimes, people do not think before they make a choice. Therefore, if they listen to other peoples opinions it can help them realize that they will end up in a bad place or situation. For example, if they hang out around bad people it can get them into doing bad stuff and possibility make them end up in jail, but if you listen to someone that says not to hang out with them before you started hanging out with those people then they would not end up in jail. If they do not listen to there friend if they say not to hangout with them because they are bad, they will lose that friend that cared about them.

Another reason is, so that they can make sure that it is the best choice for them.

If they listen to other peoples opinions it can help them make sure that is what they want to do. sometimes listening to multiple people with convince you to do the right thing even if you do not want to. If a person tells them one thing but another person say something different, it might make them change there mind and realize what the better choice is. Sometimes people do not think about the outcome, so if they listen to other people it will make them realize what the best choice is.

My last reason is, it can help them realize what they want to do in life. Listening to other peoples life can help someone realize what they want to do. For example, if they wanted a job someone else had, that person can tell them what it is like. After that person tells them about it and hen they decide that they do not want that job anymore. It is better to realize that before they get the job.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices by making them think about the outcome because there choice can give them a bad future, so they can make sure there choice is best for them, and it can help them realize what they want to do in life.