Dear State Senator,

I think we should keep the Electoral College. It's been with us for a very long time, passed down from our founding fathers. They establish the Electoral College in the Constitution for a reason. There is no need for us to get rid of it. It's been helping us choose the right president for this country for decades. Sure the popular vote is important too but I think the Electoral College is more helpful and here is why.

The electoral votes know more about who and what they are voting for. Because they pay more attention to the campaign than the people. It also helps with close or an even amount of the popular votes so it could break the tie even though it is unlikely we can always have the Electoral College to decide. Sometimes when people vote they don't even know who to vote for and could just check the box they see a name for. They don't know what the elective could do for the future of America. Some also vote for certain electives because someone told them too or because someone else voted for that elective. Some candidates go and try to win increase his or her plurality and presuade the people of certian states that they know they'll win to become president instead of trying to get all the states too vote for him or her. Which won't be that sucessful of a president as stated in paragraph 19. Candidates focus their campaign on the toss-up states because they know what they are voting for. Which adwards electoral votes to the candidate. Popular votes helps by letting the candidate get more electoral votes because of the winner take all basis as said in paragraph 18.

That is why I think we should keep the Electoral College. It helps out with a lot of things. It has helped us for many years and have gave us great presidents for America. It makes the method of choosing a president easier too. Hopefully the Electoral College will stay with America for a long time.                                                                                            