some schools require students to complete summer projects to make sure that kids are still learning over the summer. Leaving only one question should the projects be designed by teachers or the students. Now letting a teacher design a project over the summer rather than the student will only be like homework. Therefore you shouldnt let the teachers design it because if you have homework over the summer just like over the year nine times out of ten your not going to do it. But that does not change the fact that if a student was to design his project he or she would most likely get it done better and get it done more quicker if their designing it themselves. Then again some students may have trouble designing projects themselves. Therefore I do think teachers should design a version of the project for students that that really have the creativity or thought process to get done all on there own.

Just imagine a student at home over the summer time he or she just getting out of school, going on break for two and a half months. think about what a student is going to go threw if a teacher designs a project and assign it to them. It will be way easier for the students to design there project the way they want it to be. For one there doing it over break which means the quicker he or she gets the out the way and done the better. So letting students design their own projects would better for the staff, students, and school. Making a student do teachers work over a break like the summer just isnt going to work because, if a student doesnt get the concept of the project that the teacher assigned then how is he other than looking it up on the internet which does not answer all question. Allowing students to actually get creative and design it them selves can actually help there knowledge in school and the real world. Then to go on and start the next year with good grades rather coming into a class room with an excuse because you where confused on what the teacher said.

working on a project while on summer break may be hard if you got to think of it all by yourself. But not only will you have to think for your self you will have to think about how the teacher actually want this project done. I know that you'll have to worry about how the teachers want it done anyways but in this case the student will have the advantage of designing the project themselves rather than having the teacher design cause any confusion. Because confusions lead to stress and stress results end with you not doing your project. which in that case you can say that it could really happen both ways but the point is that designing a project over summer break where its the student and only the student even tho sometimes he or she may have help from family members that still doesnt assure they will still get there education if their looking at something a teacher designed then letting them design it themselves. Its the students summer theey should atleast be able to design it themselves and not the teachers.

In conclusion students that go to schools where they have projects over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              