"How Humans Can Travel to Venus"

Venus, commonly known as Earth's "twin", is the closest planet to have almost the same size and density as Earth. When people first hear this, their minds quickly wonder if humans could ever live on Venus. Any time NASA conducted an experiment for Venus, they have always sent an unmanned spacecraft, and for a good reason. Each time the spacecraft landed or was close to the planet, it would last up to no more than three hours. What does this mean for humans? The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by introducing Venus's features, NASA, and technology.

Astronomers fight the question as to why they keep studing Venus by providing the information they have found. Venus is discovered to be a planet that used to have many Earth-like features. "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long frames of space travel" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). The author explains that Venus is the nearest option for humans to visit because of how close it is on the orbit. Scientists conclude that Venus might have had large bodies of water and could have supported other life forms, like on Earth. Venus also has features Earth has, like mountains, craters, and valleys. Since Venus already is a planet with very similar structures like Earth, it makes scientists think whether or not to take a little visit to Venus.

According to scientific research, Venus's temperature can go up to 800 degrees Fahrenheit, which is 90 times greater that what humans experience on Earth. Although the temperature on Venus can go up to bizarre numbers, NASA still comes through with an idea on how to send humans to Venus. "Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). NASA concludes that if humans are to go on Venus, they would have to be in a blimp-like vessel and be about the ground to resist the scorching temperatures. The temperature woul still be at a high degree, almost at about 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but humans could still live and function at that rate. The air pressure would be close to that of Earth's sea level, which is survivable for humans.

NASA's idea of a blimp-like vehicle allows humans to start a journey to Venus. The technology made makes the trip to Venus possible for humans in the near future. Technology in the past has been able to make it close to Venus without humans, but it would always be destroyed in less that three hours. NASA and their scientists work everyday with technology to make it anyway easier to travel to Venus. Despite the dangerous temperature zones, the chances of destruction by the planet's impediments, and the very high pressure, technology can make it easier to adventure to Venus. "For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus"). NASA has been already testing products with their technology to see if it would be compadable with Venus's climate, and the product has been able to adapt to the climate for three weeks. This means that if NASA starts to get the right technology for Venus, travel there wouldn't be as dangerous as they thought.

Venus's features, NASA and technology all support the author's statement as to why Venus is a worthy pursuit despite all the dangers. Since Venus and Earth share similar features, scientists found that Venus also might have had large bodies of water, which may also bring other similarites to Earth. NASA has been studying and making plans about how humans will be able to travel the constant hot temperatures and climate at Venus, and found a way for humans to travel. Technology has made it easier to widthstand Venus's features and made ways for humans to be able to adapt. With all these changes, it makes it easier to let humans hop on board and travel to Venus, despite all dangerous remarks about the planet.                      