I agree with students having to participate in at least one extracurricular activity a week. Making students participate in one or more extracurricular activities a week, can improve a students mental and physical health. One way extracurricular activities could benefit a student, is that it could improve their time management skills. Another way, is that it could make their chances higher, of a college noticing and accepting them. A third way of extracurricular activities helping a student, is that it could help students make more friends.

A students time management skills could be improved while taking an extracurricular activity, because it forces a student to figure out a way to do their extracurricular activity, while still keeping up with their school and home life. It also makes them plan out when to do things, like homework, so they can get everything done on time. When a student doesn't take any extracurricular activities, their time management might not be as good as someone who does. Students who don't do an extracurricular activity, might not manage their time unlike someone who does sports or other clubs, which could negatively impact their time management skills in the future.

It's good for students to do an extracurricular activity other than school, because it makes their chances higher of colleges accepting them. A student could have a higher chance of getting noticed and accepted into college, when they participate in at least one extracurricular activity, because it makes them stand out. When you don't take an extracurricular activity, you might not get accepted into a college that you want, because colleges look for something that makes you different. Colleges like to see students that can stick to the same activity without constantly switching their extracurricular, so it's good to start your extracurricular as soon as possible. Colleges also look for students that can balance their school and personal life, like clubs and sports, while still maintaining good grades.

Taking an extracurricular activity can also help a student make more friends. Extracurricular activities can do this, because everyone in their extracurricular, has that team or club as a common interest. Making friends in the same extracurricular activity as you, should be a little easier because you already know that they like that same activity as you. You could also feel more comfortable with them, because of the interest that you both share. Taking an extracurricular activity, and making friends in it, could help you make really good lifelong friends.

In conclusion, I agree with my principal saying, that all students must participate in an extracurricular activity. Extracurricular activities, help improve a students time management, by making them balance their extracurricular activity and school work. Improves their chances of getting accepted into college, because colleges like to see students doing activities outside of school. Helps them make friends with the same interests as them, that they could keep forever. And many other wonderful experiences.    