So in my opinion, I am definantely for the development of driverless cars.

I find they will be useful in the future for these reasons: 1) They will most likely cause less wrecks. 2) The will probably be safer for the community. 3) They might bring new ideas to the table.

I find that these three reasons will bring a positive outlook on driverless cars. I do however have one problem with driverless cars: carelessness, but i will explain my reasoning later.

I think driverless cars will be the future.

So as i said in my first reasoning, they will most likely cause less wrecks.

I say this because if everyone had a driverless car, the the programming in the cars will mostlikely correspond with each other and (in my thinking) they will react to each other as they get close to one another to prevent any damage that comes up.

This leads to my second reason why i think thety should keep working on driverless cars, it ill probably be better for the community.

Like i said, if the cars can correspond and react to each other, thanthey will have a greater chance of not hitting each other and causing less injuries to cars, the driver and passengers, and pedestrians.

This could definantely decrease injuries by cars per year and could possibly save thousands upon thousands of lives.

This is of course a goos thing and if driverless cars could prevent this, then i'm pretty sure anyone would approve and want this car.

Now my second reason for why driverless cars is a good idea and should be promoted is because this might bring new ideas to the table of creativity if you want to call it.

The reason i say this is because if they can create cars that drive on their own without human needs, then this might spark some new ideas for new inventions (doesn't have to all be car related in my opinion).

Like they could be at the verge of creating inventions that people might have never thought of before.

Now i know it does seem like that i'm getting a bit off track about the driverless cars thing, but for a second, just imagine all the possibilities that could come out of driverless cars and their technology.

This could bring about ideas one could only dream about.

This could be a serious change to the world as it is if companies can bring fully driverless cars to the world.

Now for the reason why I think that driverless cars might not be a good idea in the first place: carelessness.

Now what I mean by that is mostly two reasons: 1) problem with the technology.

2) Problem with the person behind the wheel.

About the problem with technology, If the company who makes the car provides a misshap with the technology they used to make the car, then there might be a problam when time passes along while driving the car.

Like there could be a miscommunication with the cars (Assuming that everyone has a driverless car with the same or somewhat similar technology that correspond with each other.), there could be a problem with the way it works if not made the way it should be, and the list could go on forever.

Now to the other negative of this reason, the person who is behind the wheel of the driverless car.

What I mean is that the person who is behind the wheel of the driverless car could cuase a problem with the inside or outside of that car like: Mess around with the controls, damage a part of the car through human or nature contact, shortage of a wire or battery or whatever is in or out of the car, and this list has almost unlimited downsides to it, but hopefully you understand my point.

So as I said, driverless cars in my opinion will become the future if made at all.

There is a certainty at the rate this world is going today because people these days have many ideas to come.

I know that there will be more problems to come, but as the saying goes "There is always a solution to every problem", and i think that people or companies that are creating this type of machinery knows that there will be new problems that they will have to overcome.

I hope to see them grow and possibly be on the market for the consumers to purchase and experience real and true driverless cars.