Cars are used used in everyday life but they may be used too much because of all the damage they do to the environment and the citizens must be informed on it. Cars are used to help get around easier unless if towns are developed so that people can walk or ride a bike everywhere. Cars cause pollution which causes smog and it can really hurt peoples health and the environment. A life without cars can make plenty of people happy due to the fact that people get injured or die in cars every day.

To start off most towns do not build buildings close together because people have cars which takes up more time to get there and money for gas. If buildings were made closer together everyone could get to the stores quickly and back home in time for special events. If buildings were made closer gasoline would be less of a problem due to the prices being high. In a town called Vauban in Germany seventy percent of all families do not own an automobile."All of our development since World War two has been centered on the car,and that will have to change" said David Goldberg.

Cars are known to cause pollution and some places have a partial ban on cars. Paris is well known for the Eiffel Tower and also its pollution problem so Paris allowed people with even and odd number license plates to only drive on certain days or else they will be fined. When cars cause pollution it makes smog and smog can kill crops and animals if it gets out of control. Currently heavily populated areas such as Newyork has a big pollution problem causing grey skies.

A life without cars is a happy one according to some people. A place in Colombia calles Bogota made an event called "Car-free day" which is a day where everyone goes the entire day without driving "It's a good opportunity to take away streaa abd lower air pollution"."These people are generating a revolutionary change and it is crossing boarders"."The rain hasn't stopped anyone from participating".

The reasons people should cut down on car usage is to lower pollution in the air. It just makes people happier without vehicles. Towns could be made with closer buildings to prevent using too much gas. Smog can really make an environment unhealthy by killing some of the plants that are there.    