In this article the author tells us about Venus. He tells us that it is called the ¨Evening Star¨, that it is known as Earths ¨twin¨, and then he explains the attempts made to study and learn more about the planet. He also explains how those attempts were unsucsessful and that the planet is dangerous. But, despite the dangers he has presented to us, he explains that it is worth the danger. I dont personaly believe he did the best job explaining why he believed so and he definitly did not convince me to think the same.

The author never truely explained his claim that he thought exploring Venus was worth the risks and complications. For most of the artical he rambles on telling us about and explaining what was already found out about the planet. He never gave reasoning for believing we sould follow threw with trying to learn more about the planet. He only breifly told us his claim in the last paragraph, paragraph 8. It reads, ¨Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors.¨ He tells us that all we will get from risking our lifes is insite on a dangerous planet that we may not even have use for, and he states that we will be faced with more and or equally intimidating endeavors. It may just be my opinion but that does not seem like very convincing or valid reasons for putting lifes in danger.

I truely believe that the author of the artical, ¨The challenge of Exploring Venus¨ did not support his claim and what he believed very well let alone at all. All he gives us is two reasons that are not very valid and did not back them up or tell us why those reasons make a good point and sould make us think the same way. He did not tell us why we needed the information so badly that we should risk our lifes or even make the effort. I do not belive the author supported the idea or really stated his claim or what he belived. He needs more reasoning and explaining of what we would gain from this and how it would benifit us. He also would need more supporting details of what we need the information for and why.