I am against the development of these cars. The reasons i am against it is because for one, why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver ? like they mentioned in paragraph 8.

I feel like thats doing to much , if your going to invent a "driverless car" make it so that it can do everything by its self without the owners help, so that way the human can relax while the car does all the work.

For two, if the owner has to still do work and take over at certain times and certain parts whats the point?, you might as well just get a car you can control fully (a normal car) not a car that controls half the stuff you could be controling while you still have to conrtol certain parts/things.

What about new beginners that are just now learning how to drive ?, they need to know how to work/control the whole car NOT certain parts, what if they end up banning these "driverless cars" because its to many accidents and new beginners only know how to control certain parts because they were so used to the "driverless cars" that controlled most of the things in the car they arent used to the normal cars.

I honestly feel like they should just stick with normal cars and let the owners do all the work.

The owners are the ones paying for the car so why not let them control the car i could see if they werent making payments and stuff on the car and all they had to do was pay for it and its all theirs but their still going to have to make payments so why not let them control it themselves ?. What about if there is an accident the car shouldnt have to warn them anything, if the owner was paying attention to the road like your supposed to you would know if its an accident or if its about to be an accident. if someone is hurt who would be at fault the driver or manufacturer? i feel like it would be the manufacturer fault because their the ones that make these "driverless cars" thats supposed to do mostly everything and thats supposed to warn the driver when something bad happens.

What if the car makes a mistake and dont warn the driver ? , they should make it safe and confortable if thats the case because their the ones making these cars not the owner. It would honestly only be the drivers fault if they were the ones controling the whole car and all the parts because if they werent paying attention to the road and they controlled the car and an accident occurs then its 100% the drivers fault for not paying attention to the road like todays car , they wouldnt sue the manufacturer they really wouldnt even do anything because its the owners fault.

This is my argument for or against the development of these cars.