seeking multiple ideas can be good because...

they can give you good ideas and you can see that people think different.

you will be able to have multiple choices to pick from and make the right decision.

you can even meet new people while your at it and also they can help you see it in another perspective.

Are you having a hard time deciding something? if you are you should talk to other people and see what they think its good to see what others think because, they can help you decide and give you great ideas,for example i had a friend and she would help me decide all the time and she would give out great ideas and i would pick the right decision with her help.

Also they can give you ideas and you can decide what is the best one and you can make the right decision and see what is the best idea and you can make the right decision not just that but you can see how others think and they might think different from how you think for example if you think that chocolate is better and your friend thinks strawberry is better then you should give a try and see if you made the right decision by picking strawberry instead of chocolate or she might be wrong and chocolate is better then strawberry but you will never know in till you try it.

Perhaps they can help you see things in another perspective,also you can make new friends while your at it,but not just that you can share your ideas as well and they can see what you think and help you out if your stuck and they will tell you if your doing something wrong and help you out and see it in another perspective,you might think that going to the movies is better and your friend might think that staying at home and watching a movie is better and she starts telling you why its better and you end up staying home and watching a movie because the reason she gave you where good.

You should give new things a try to because you will never know if its a good idea or not just ask your friends on what you should do during the weekend and they will help you and you will be able to try new things and take new ideas from that and its also nice to talk to someone and share ideas it will keep your mind off things and you wont be as stressed because you will have someone helping you.

those are the reason i think you should be seeking ideas not just from one person but from more and i think you should give it a try and see how it goes and hopefully it goes well because it works for me so give it a try hopefully i helped you see things in another perspective.       