Your looking for the perfect car so you ask most of your friends for their opinion, asking a bunch of your friends for their opinion might seem like it would take a long time, but what if i told you that asking for multiple opinions could help you make better choices. Asking for multiple opinions can help you see the different side of the situation. For example when you go to the doctor and they diagnose you with something you might ask for a second opinion from another doctor, which would help you get a better grasp on what the problem is and what you can do to solve it. when your asking your friends what kind of activity you should do together you should ask most of them for their opinions, you would be able to know what most of your friends like to do. Asking for multiple opinions is good because it helps you make better choices, you get to see different sides of the situation, and you would know what the people around you like to do or what their opinions are.

Everyone likes making good choices, especially when youre choosing something important. Asking for peoples opinion on something important can help very much. When youre looking for a college you dont just ask you parents about one college you ask for multiple opinions on multiple colleges, therefor helping you narrow out your options. When your looking for a pet you should ask multiple worker their opinions on different dog so you know which one suits you best. Knowing peoples opinions on things is good for knowing what to do or what to choose.

Seeing different sides of the situation is also important. when school drama breaks out and you dont know what happened you go around asking what there onions are on the drama. By doing this this you are obtaining more knowledge on what happened and what different people think about it. Courts call people to jury duty so the judge can tell if the defendant is guilty or not. Knowing different opinions on a subject can help you decide what your opinion is.

Knowing what people round you like to do can benefit you. youll make more friends and discover new things about different people. For example: you and your family are going on a vacation but you cant decide where to go so you ask your family's opinion and pick a place that everyone likes. If you dont ask any one for their opinion and just do what you like some people will get mad. Asking for peoples opinions can help you make a choice everyone agrees with.

. Opinions are very crutial things sometimes. Asking for others opinion can help with many things. Asking for opinions can help you a better unerstanding of ghe situation. People have been asking for others opinions for a long time. Now that you know the benifits of getting multiple opnions I hope youll ask for them more.