The author who wrote "The challenge of Exploring Venus" strongly supports the idea of humans studying Venus. Venus is one of the most deadliest planets in ur solar system, but that does'nt stop scientist from wanting to know more about the large gas giant. Scientist are stil fascinated witht his planet and want to travel to Venus. They've sent ships that have failed, and still keep trying. The author effectively shows that Venus worthy planet to study by using facts to show how it will benefit earth.

Most people who hear about scientist exploring Venus think, "Why should we explore an inhabitable planet?". According to the author Venus could possibly have been like Earth thousands of years ago. Paragraph four states, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans ans could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." This proves that the planet had sustained life a long time ago. Venus also shows signs that valleys and mountains could have been there in its sediment. The gas giant is closer to us in distance, humans could easily travel to Venus if the planets harsh conditions can change.

Now that we know life can possibly be sustained there in the future, how do humans get there? Venus's suface and atmosphere is extremely hot and dangerous to humans. NASA has been testing a few ideas such as mechanical technology and simplified computers to help explore Venus. Paragraph seven states, " some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chambers simulating the chaos of Venus's surface." .With this tech humans could possibly be on the surface of Venus without having to fear the dangerous conditions. When this technology gets more advanced scientist will be able to explore Venus with ease.

Venus is a very challenging plant to study and travel to. The author gives credible facts to explain how it could benefit humans. With traces of water and animal life humans could possibly live on Venus. Scientist have been making advances in creating better technology to explore the planet so it can be sustainable in the future. With the information and technology Venus might be in our grasp one day.           