Boy am I glad there's no more homework!

Hi, my name is Luke, I just finished high school and want to become a doctor.

I love the idea of helping people.

That's why I'm signing up to become a "Seagoing Cowboy."

A Seagoing Cowboy is a person that goes on a boat across all kinds of different oceans to help countries that were effected by World War Two.

Also, I would like to become a Seagoing Cowboy because I would like to be remebered in different countries for heroic actions.

Not very many people can be famous for their actions in different places because there's no way to spread the news.

The only people that really remember you are the people that you tell, or the people that you helped.

I think it would be cool to be known all around the world.

I also think it would be cool to travel around the globe to explore.

Most off all, I want my mother to be proud of me, and I want to make history.

That is way I was super excited when I was accepted to become a Seagoing Cowboy.

I am going to be traveling around the world!

To me, that is a dream come true.

The only bad thing was, my mother was not proud, in fact, she wasn't happy at all.

She thought becoming a Seagoing Cowboy would put me in danger, in danger?

I was helping people, how could that be dangerous, I thought to myself?

I was NOT giving up on becoming a Seagoing Cowboy.

I just had to convince my mom, and the rest of my family, that helping other people wasn't as bad as they thought.

Also that I would be very careful on the boat so that I did not get hurt.

"Mother," I called into the house I call home.

"Yes, Luke," called a sweet voice from the kitchen.

"I would like to talk to you about becoming a Seagoing Cowboy."

I was very nervous that I would not be able to convince my mother about what I thought.

I wondered if I would even be able to convince her, or if I was wasting my time.

I was going overseas anyway, no matter what my mother said, because this is my dream.

My mother's voice broke me out of my thoughts.

"Oh, yes, I have been meaning to talk to you about that very topic." I was glad that at least my mother didn't seem angry with my actions.

"I just wanted to say that I will be very careful when I am overseas, and I promise that I will not get hurt in anyway possible." I wanted my mother to know that I wasn't lying any bit when I say that.

"I believe you, it is not you I do not trust.

It is that men that will be on the boat with you. You do not know any of them, or what their history is, how do you know if they are dangerous of not?"

"I just wanted you to know that I am going overseas tomorrow."

The rest of the night was a blur, I told my mom why I wanted to do this so much, and eventually, she gave in.

She said that she supported me in becoming a Seagoing Cowboy, and that she was always proud of me, only nervous.

I did go overseas the next morning, and enjoied it a lot.

I went to many places and saw many natural wonders.

Who knew how beautiful other places were.

A lot of places were very different than were I live.

Most of all, I was very glad that I got to help other people along the way.

In fact, I was very suprised how good it felt to know that I touched so many lives.

Oh, and did I mention that I have the record for how many trips one Seagoing Cowboy has done! I'm at eight right now, and I am thinking about going on one last trip before going home for good.

I can not wait to stay home and spend lots and lots of time with my family.

You wouldn't believe how long it has been since a have had some of my mother's homemade pudding!

I can not wait to have some, and when I say mother's homemade pudding, I mean homemade heaven!

Even though I have enjoied this experience very much, I will be glad to go home.

I have seen many cool creations.

For example, the Panama Canal, and I toured an excavated castle!

I've really be happy with the accomplishments I have overcome in the past few years.

I think my mother would be very proud, I am proud as well.