The face, is it martian made or a natural landform? The face is not a alien artifact it is a land form that is formed with facial features like eyes and a nose. The Viking 1 captured a mesa land formation that resembled a face not a martian made artifact. In 1998 a MOC team captured a picture that proved the "Face" was a mesa land form. Then agian in 2001 another team captured a picture of the mesa with a Mars Global Surveyor agian NASA came to the conclusion it was a mesa.

In 1976 a Viking 1 camera captured a bone chilling picture of what looks like a face. As scientists studyed the picture they came to the conclusion that it was an oddly formed mesa that resembled a human face. After they let the picture out to the public the popularity of this mesa sky rocketed it haunted the world for twenty five years before NASA did another expadition to prove it was a mesa.

In 1998 a GOC team captured a picture of this so called face. After further exsamination NASA found the face to be a land form commonly known as a mesa. After studying the mesa the group of scientists compaired the face to mesas in Cydonia, the area the face was found, they came to the conclusion the face was really a mesa that had a peculiar formation.

Then agian in 2001 skeptics lead NASA to do another expadition to capture another picture of the phonomanon. After finding the same evidince as they had the past two times NASA ruled it a mesa. Skeptics had no way of saying the face was anything but a mesa. NASA had proven it three times there was no denying it, the face was a land formation that was rather common were the pictures were taken.

Now NASA could be wrong the pictures could have been edited to contain the secret that there was life on mars. NASA could have tampered with the photographs to mislead the public. But life on mars would be good for NASA, the fact that we are not alone would get NASA the funding to start all kinds of expaditions that would help the United States in the Space race to mars. If there was life on mars NASA would have trillions of dollars to fund there research on the planet. This proves that NASA's findings were correct that the face is a mesa that looks oddly like a human face.

After reading this you should realise the face is nothing more than a mesa land formation that was blown out of preportion. The media took a simple fact and turned it into a alien artifact this concludes the fact that the face was a naturally formed mesa nothing less nothing more. The face is a mesa that looks strangly like a human face that became a pop icon for twenty five years.