When you ask for advice do you got to more than one person or do you only talk to one person? When I ask for advice I like going to multiple people because I like hearing what others think. Getting multiple peoples opinions can be beneficial in so many ways. One way it can be beneficial is it can help you decide what you should do. For instance, if you had to decide where to go to college it can be hard deciding so it would be nice having multiple peoples opinions so that you feel like your not making the wrong decision. You would feel so happy knowing that you made the right choice especially since you got multiple peoples opinions on what they think you should do.

Another reason why getting other peoples opinions is helpful is because it can make you feel relived. Especially if you have no idea about what you should do. For me when I get other peoples opinions it does make me feel so much better knowing that I could now make the right decision and not feel bad about making the wrong decision. I also know that I have so many emotions when it comes to making decisions such as being stressed, overwhelmed, and just feeling sad or lost. So I think that it's important to see what other people think you should do.

In relation to that, I like hearing what others think because sometimes it's just nice hearing what others think. Whether it's good or bad it can be very helpful either way. Having feedback from others is a good thing in my opinion because it can help you improve if your working on a project and someone says you should add something or maybe they say you should take something away to make it better it can help you do better. Also improving things can make you feel so much better. You also can make others like your work more.

In addition, getting others opinion can be very helpful. For instance, like if your making something that you have never made before that you wanted to try and see how it turns out. Then you can ask people to try it and tell you what they think of it or what they think you should do to make it better. To where if you ever make it again you can improve it so that others like it more than they did before and you will feel good about what they think you should do and help you feel better about yourself.

In conclusion, getting others opinions can be beneficial in so many ways it can help you make a decision, it can help you feel better about the decision you made, it can help you improve on something. There's so many reason as to getting multiple peoples opinions is so helpful. I really like getting others opinions for these reasons. It makes me feel so much better and makes be feel like I made the right choice.