Dear Principal,

I think that all students should be required to perform at least 1 hour of community service a week.

Having students do this will be beneficial for the community, and will help them learn that it not only helps others, but it makes them feel good about what they are doing as well.

Students should have a choice though, of how to serve their community service.

They should be able to sign up for which activity they want to do each week so they don't feel like they are forced into it.

If students feel like they are forced into it, then they will most likely resent it and feel like it is meaningless when in fact it is the best way to help your town or city be a better place.

For example, I know someone who tutors a little second grade boy who has troubles with reading and writing.

Since the tutoring has began, the boy's scores in reading and writing have improved dramatically and the little boy now looks up to that person as a positive role model.

He will now be more likely to serve his community and make a difference.

If we teach them when they're young that community service isn't a chore and is a good thing, then they will be more likely to do it in the future.

Community service would also help students achieve a sense of pride in themselves and their town.

Littering would go down because students know that if they threw it on the ground they would eventually have to pick it up anyway.

Crime and drug rates would also go down because the students wouldn't be bored because they would be doing community service and would have something to do other than bad things.

Students would also be less likely to vandalize public property because they would ultimately have to clean it up, making their job a lot harder.

Community service would also make students feel good about themselves.

Doing something good for somebody else has a positive impact on everything they do.

Community service would only positively impact students and at first they may resent it , they will learn that doing good for their town makes everybody appreciate where they live more.

From,

a student