"Hey Generic_Name!", Generic_Name shouted. "What do you want.", Generic_Name asks. "I like this girl at school but I'm too scared to talk to her, what do I do?", Generic_Name questions. "Just go up to her and kick her in the face" Generic_Name answers. "Okay!" Generic_Name says with joy. The next day at lunch time Generic_Name wonders through the huge, loud, yummy food smelling cafeteria where there seems to be endless rows of tables, he finally locates the girl and kicks her right in the mouth, she gets up and says "I hate you, don't ever talk to me again!" Generic_Name was felt broken inside, he just wanted to lay in his bed all day and cry. As you can see Generic_Name was given bad advice from his brother Generic_Name, and probably should of asked more people on what to do. Things like this happen all the time, if Generic_Name asked more than one person than he probably wouldn't do what he just did. Asking more than one person for advice is better than asking just one person because you can get different views of things, you will have more choices on what to do, and someone you ask could be in a bad mood or under a lot of stress and not be thinking straight.

First off asking more people for advice can help you get different views of things, which is always better. If you just ask one person they might not know a lot about the subject as much and give you bad advice. Generic_Name probably didn't know about girls at all considering that he just told his brother to kick the girl that he liked in the face. Generic_Name should of asked his dad instead because he probably knows more about things than Generic_Name does. You also have to know who to ask to get the best view of something, like your six year old brother probably does not have the best view of things, but you mom or dad probably has a better one because they have more experience. If Generic_Name had asked his mom how to talk to the girl that he liked she probably wouldn't of told him to kick her in the face. Next time Generic_Name is asking for advice on girls he probably won't ask Generic_Name again. Generic_Name may be a good brother and wish nothing but good for Generic_Name, but he doesn't have the best view on girls.

Next, if you ask more than one person for advice, then you will have more choices on what to do, like if Generic_Name had asked his mom for advice also, not just Generic_Name, then he probably would have chosen his moms advice over Generic_Name's, but sadly he only asked one person for advise and he did the wrong thing. If you ask a lot of people what to do than you can take all the advice given and choose what you think was the best advice given. You don't have to feel bad because you didn't use somebody's advice, or totally agree with them. Although they might not know the most about the advice they're given, you should still listen because you never know when that persons advice can help you. If you ask multiple trusted people that you think will have good advice, like a parent, then they are probably giving you good advice. If you are getting a bunch of different advice then you can chose yourself on what you think is best for you with the advice you have.

After, Someone might not give the best advice if they are not having a good day, like maybe Generic_Name had just got kicked off the basketball team and was super angry, or he wasn't feeling very well and couldn't think right. If you are looking for someones advice then its not a good idea to ask someone that is under a lot of stress or emotion because this can effect the way they look at or see things, or they might not even be listening and this happens a lot more than people think. Even if the person they are asking for advice from means good they can also be really mad or emotional towards that one subject or thing, like if Generic_Name is mad at his dad and his brother Generic_Name asks what he should get him for his surprise birthday, Generic_Name might not give Generic_Name the best advice. Instead Generic_Name should ask someone like his mom what to get his dad for his surprise birthday, because she knows him the best and she is not stressed or mad at his dad. Lets say Generic_Name's mom is mad at his dad, then it would be smart to ask his grandma because she knows him really and knows what he would like.

"Mom theres this girl at my school that I really like but I kicked her in the face and now she hates me, what do I do?", Generic_Name questions. "Why did you kick her in the face?", Generic_Name's mom asks. "Because Generic_Name gave me bad advice.", Generic_Name says with a sad look on his face. "Well honey you should go up to her and let her know your sorry and that you wont do it again", His mom says in a soothing voice. "Okay mom thanks.", Generic_Name goes over to his dad and asks him what to do, he says, "You should say your sorry first, and then you should tell her that you shouldn't have done that and that it wont happen again." The next day at school Generic_Name apologizes and she forgives him and gives him a big hug. Generic_Name felt like the happiest kid ever after that. Like Generic_Name asking more than just one person for advice helps everybody although some people may not need it, its better to be safe than sorry. Asking more than one person for advice is better than asking just one person because you can get different views of things, you will have more choices on what to do, and someone you ask could be in a bad mood or under a lot of stress and not be thinking straight.