Being in control of your country is exactly what everyone wants. Many wars were fought and lives were lost so the people could have rights and be independant. Keep the Electoral College would be in injustice to the United States. By changing the election to popular vote, it would keep the people in power and satisfy the needs for a hardworking loyal presedent.

Each and every individual deserves the right to vote and have their vote count. With the Electoral College do you even really know what your voting for? The confusing process of Electoral College is causing certian state to have more power over others which is unfair. The quote by the Office of the Federal Register states, "...when you vote for your canidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors. " shows how citezens may not understand the already active system and be using it incorrectly. Although the Electoral Process is less likely to cause a tie, there are still concerns for this risky process.

Think about this, you live in a small state like rhode island. Due to this, the presedent thinks your unimportant and finds no need to campain to your state because there are Electoral Colleges. Is this what you want? Popular voting ensures the presedent to get to know each and every state with hard work and individuality. Not only does this create charator but the presedent to-be is now more respected by the people. Much caos is avoided through the popular vote prossess just as Plumer said, "The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe.". Many times questions are asked regaurding if the election was fair or not, these abundant and overwhelming questions wouldn't be asked is the Popular vote process was in play.

Electoral college is outdated, unfair and unneeded. Keeping the people updated and inpower has kept this country running. Also voting in loyal and trusted presedents has had a major impact on our country. By using the Popular Vote process the voting time of year would be less stressful and more trusted. By changing the election to popular vote,it would keep the people in power and satisfy the needs for a hardworking loyal presedent. Although we have been running on the Electoial college and it has worked ok, wouldn't you like to try a new process bound to lead our country to sucsess? Please take this into consideration, as Bob Dole said, "Abolish the electorial college!"            