In the short story " The challenge of Exploring Venus" it starts out providing information about the planet Venus , also called "Evening Star", and how it is so easy to spot in the night sky. Venus is often referred to as Earth's "Twin"

because Venus is closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size. However to explore this planet is very very difficult.

In paragraph 3 in the story it says, there is a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide that blankets Venus. To add on to that, there are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. The planets surface has temperatures that average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth. It also says that besides the high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes and frequent lightning strikes to probees seeking to land on its surface. This is why it is so difficult of us to explore Venus because of its harsh conditions.

In paragraph 5 of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," that NASA is coming up with some solutions to the hostile conditions of Venus that would allow scientist to float above the fray with a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. This would avoid unfriendly conditions by staying up and out of their way. Further in the story, in paragraph 7, it tells us how NASA is thinking back to the 1800s and 1940s when they had mechanical computers that made calculations by using gear and lever and do not require electronics at all. Although modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible and quick, they tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions. By comparison, systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. By using these computers we would be able to calculate many things about Venus even though it has such a harsh climate.

The author provides us with so much information on how we can find and figure out ways to explore Venus despite the dangers it presents us with. To blimps and computers, we could possibly find many more ways to test and find out new things about Venus and get an understanding about it. As it says in the last paragraph human curiosity will likely lead us into equally intimidation endeavors. Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.                 