Many people in the world ask others for advice on what they are doing, how they are feeling, and how they should be acting. If they need to ask some one for advice they should ask multiple people for their views on the situation. Different people like different thing which means they have many view point their own opinion.

One reason people ask one person and go on with their day is because they have the same view point so they think this must be right. But no if you ask multiple people they may have the same reasons on that topic but not most of the time. If you here multiple views then you can debate on them find the facts and really find what your looking for. During this process you may find many different people and their liking' s and their opinion. But before you go and choose one you need to compare what you think is best and what others think to come up with the best observation.

People in the world need to talk and express their feelings about situation. This can help you find out what you did wrong or what you did right. Talking to many people help find every little detail about you topic. When you find one person like a trained professional like a therapist they know what they are taking about but when it come to advice that involves their opinion, they will tell you what they have learned from people and their situations. But when you get that view from them try to find others maybe you will find something new that you will like.

When it comes to the important stuff you want to ask anyone and everyone you can about what they think. Meaning elections or relationships the big stuff, yes if you have something small then its still wise to find answers from many people but not as critical as it is for bigger things. Along the way you may find thing you would never ever have thought about. But that is exactly what you are looking for many views and answers. When you find some random person on the street and ask them what they think about the situation they could have gone through it or is going through it now. You just dont know what you will find unless you ask about for opinions.

When you need to seek advice you must find all view point in what your looking for not just one. mostly in the but stuff you need every point but no matter what you need to find the greats interest and compare your. And make your own opinion. When you do this then you need to express your point after to help others find the answer.