Cars have been a part of our culture and society for a very long time now, but this might need to change as limiting the useage of care would lead to substancle benifets to our society. these benifets are a lowared carbon footprint, not having to spend as much on upkeep and lowared public transportation costs, and more closely knit communites with healtier people.

To begin, limiting car usage would greatly reduce our carbon footprint thus help the enviorment. This is because emissions from cars produce around 12 precent of the greenhouse gasses in Europe and could be up to 50 percent in certain car-intensive areas in the United Sates. If we where to cut down on driving there would be a significant reduction in the pollution in the enviorment. Paris is already enacting laws around this where only people with odd license plates where able to drive one day and even plate numbered cars the other. This has lead to less congested roads and lower amount of smog in the city.

Another draw to limiting car usage lies in lowered cost of public transportation and less money having to be spent on car upkeep and insurance. If people where to use more public transportaiton insted of personal cars people not have to worry about needing a car and insted keep the money that would normaly go to upkeep and insurance to use on other things. Furthermore if public transportation became more nessisary, then public transportaion will be cheaper such as in Paris where public transportaion became free for the week when they where testing the new law.

Lastly with a reduction in car usage there would be better suburban planning like in Vauban, Germany and people getting more exsersize. Over in Vauban driving cars is severly limited so locations like shopping centers are a walk away from houses and the city is more closly knit with more bike and pedestrian paths. With people walking more that would help with the growing obesity problem Amarica is currently facing and could lead people to live healtier lifestyles

In conclusion limiting car usage would be a very fruitful endevear because of the reduction of our carbon footprint, not having to pay car insurance and lowared cost of public tranportation, and more closly knit communities away from the roar of an engine the world would be much better off.    