There are many students that has the possibility to take class at home. The students that take class at home are benefit because they don't need to leave from home, they can stay in home if are sick, and they can't be absent, because they always stay in home.

There are many reasons for explain that takes classes from home is a good idea, this are some of them:

First, the students that take class at home don't need to leave from home, nothing can detain take classes. The weather changes don't affect to take a class, if is snowing, raining or are a hurricane in the city.

The parents of the students that take class from home can be more unsuspecting, because they sons are in home, also this is benefit for the parents of students that take classes from home; they can be sure that nothing danger can be happen to they sons. The student don't have any excuses for be absent. This is good for the students because they at final a year has perfect attendance.

Second, the students that take class at home just can be absent, if they need to stay in home and don't take some class, they have the opportunity to explain to the teacher by text or just a call, then the teachers need to ask to your parents if is necessary don't take classes because you don't feels good. The students that take a regular classes in the schools can't do this because they need to be in the school everyday , if not in this case the correspondent sub school has the obligation to put absent in the class day.

Finally, the students that take class at home can't missing a class, they don't have the possibility to missing the bus or miss some useful for the school. The students can't forget the computer, pencil, notebook or other things that we use in school, because they have all classes online, this can be positive for the students that stay in home at care to they parents the student can't has some distractions that sometimes has in the school, like talk with any friend, use a inappropriate language to the teacher or don't pay attention, if can be some possibility to the student miss some class; they can take the missing class latter.

In conclusion, take a classes from home is a good choice because stay in home, do not have any absent if are sick, and don't missing class, are a good idea for take classes at home, the benefits that this have are good for parents and students that need to have more family time, or need to have more time with they sons. A reason that take classes in the schools take a big part time of students, this is a good choice because the students don't need go to the school just stay in home ,add that, this is a good choice for some students that need to stay in home, with they brothers or they parents.