Driverless cars are on the verge of coming out and will be good for all people on the roads. Driverless cars will nit only take away the risk of human error but will help to decrease accidents that are happening all around the world because of human error. Humans make more mistakes than machines, so driverless cars are less prone to be in accidents.

Machines are very accurate and make very few mistakes if any. As paragraph two says, "Televisions and movies have long been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves." Driverless cars would be a huge breakthrough in science and engineering. I think that there shouldnt be any driverless cars right now, but in a few years the technology that will be out will be safe and trustworthy. I would trust driverless cars in a few more years when the technology is more advanced and sophisticated. In paragraph 2 it says, "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, Google cars arent truly driverless." The big car companies agree that the driverless car technology wont be out for a couple of more years because it is too dangerous right now to trust them, they say that cars arent truly driverless yet when it comes to driving in traffic jams or in construction zones because there are some problems that we probably dont know about yet, but through time we can figure out to make the driverless cars more safe.

Another reason why driverless cars would be a better go to is because it coul help from polluting the atmosphere with exaust. In paragraph 1 Sergey Brin envisions fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system that uses half of the fuel that taxi cabs use today. With less fuel consumption, the evnironment and atmosphere will not get as polluted with gas exuast. Also, with less fuel being consumed by the cars, There will be less money spent on gas which could help you save money fo more things that you want.

Another feature that you can get from driverless cars is relaxing and spending more time with the people you are with. If you are by yourself you could catch up with the news or take a quick nap and get some extra rest for wherever you are going. In paragraph 8 it says, "Some manufacturers hope to bring in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays." So while you are kicked back in your seat you can turn on a movie or bring a book and enjoy your book while your car transports you to your destination.

Driverless cars are the future and will bring many technological advances with it. All through time these self-driving cars will come out and amaze the world with all of their abilities. Whether you are for, or against, everyone will be amazed if these sci-fi vehicles are actually produced and used by the common folk. Until then, the world will wait for the best technological advancement in history to come out.