As a student, transitioning from grade levels can be hard. You're in a new environment, with new friends, and new obstacles. One of those obstacles could be choosing a course. I remember that me and my mom had arguments on what I should do for sixth grade. Should I play guitar or do band? My mom wanted me to play guitar but I chose band. I was influenced by a lot of friends and family to do band but my mom wanted me to play guitar. Having chosen band I enjoy it and find it a lot more interesting then guitar. I do think that seeking opinions helps make better choices.

One of the reason that I think hearing other peoples opinion leads to better choices is because you have less stress. A Harvard study found that 8/10 people who share their problems understand and feel less stressed out about it. This is simply just saying that talking to people makes you feel better about yourself. The less stress you have the more clearly you can think. Listening to other peoples stories and advice really made me feel less conflicted on my choices.

Another reason why listening to different opinions will lead to better choices is because you will have a stronger bond with your family. Kind of weird, right? Well, with a difficult decision you would normally go to your parents. According to USA Today, kids are talking to their parents less frequent. Since the 1960s the communication between parent and child has depleted, stated USA Today. This is basically stating that kids don't talk to their parents as much as they use to. It seems a little strange to some kids to go to their mom and ask if they should do economics or culinary art. Yet it makes the most sense. Even if our parents lived in different times then us they still know the struggle of making difficult choices and hearing different responses. For my high school curriculum my mom told me to do culinary art. I went to my friends and they all thought no, I shouldn't do it. I decide to go with it even though I wanted to do economics. So my mom started to teach me the basics of cooking. I think that if you have a choice and know someone who can help you with it you should take it. It doesn't matter if everyone else, who isn't a good chef, thinks its bad. You'll start to form a bond with them and yourself.

Another reason that listening to different opinions will lead to better choices is because it can help you academically. According to Scholastic, 3 out of 5 kids in a school said that they are in a high level class because of a friend. These classes include geometry, algebra, and honors P.E. for middle school. This is basically saying that kids, who might be flunking the class, are there because of a friend. In middle school friends and family have a big impact on you, especially when it comes to choices.

Hearing all the different sides will make it easier to understand. It will also give you a chance to think about your future. The more opinoins you hear the clearer the right choice will be. Academically if you have the smarts to do the high level class go for it but if your not sure then talk to someone about it.

Ultimately, listening to different opinions will make you think less about your desicion. It will also improve the relationship with your family as well as helping you academically. Overall being able to see the different sides of a situation will help you in anything you do. You shouldn't build up stress over something. You should talk about it. That is the only way we know how to deal with a problem. To talk about it.                        