Having multiple opinions is like trying something new, you need someones feed back. When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask more than one person. Having multiple opinions can be helpful, for it can be easier to decide, it can help later in life, and two is better than one.

To start off, multiple opinions can make it easier to decide. The majority of people that make decisions only get one other persons' opinion. That is why most people are left feeling uncomfortable with their decision they made. If more people would ask at least two more people on their decision that they are about to make, then maybe they can come to an easier conclusion. Specifically, my father and I wanted to by this video game, but we could not make a decision between the game or the map packs for the game. I wanted to get the video game and play it with my friends, but my father wanted the map packs to his game as well. At the time we were not going to buy either of them. The my dad asked one of his friends to decide, his friend decided on the map pack. After that we purchased the map pack, and played it for two months. it got boring after a while and now we both wanted the video game. If me and my dad would have asked more people for their opinion for the game, then we would have made an easier decision.

Also, multiple opinions can help later in life. Nowadays people should always talk to a friend, their parents, or even a co-worker to help them one day. If anybody is anti-social and does not like talking about anything, no one can help them. So that why everyone should ask for an opinion on how this food taste, or maybe about some shoes they wanted, because that choice can go a long way. For instance, my mother from a young age never ask for opinions or second guessed herself. She always wanted to ask, but gave up in the process of asking. My mom was quiet and a little shy. Growing up my mom did not like shopping for clothes with her parents, they always asked her if she liked the item they picked for her, and she would just say yes. Then when she wanted something, she would never get their opinion because she was to shy. If my mom would have learn to ask for opinions at a young age, then she would feel more comfortable with her opinions in life.

In addition, multiple opinions are better than one. My family always go shopping if not for clothes then for groceries. Me and my sister always want jacket or shoes and are parents straight up say "it looks ugly" or "do you have shoes that match with those." Our parents always give opinions on our fashion sense. So we never got to get other opinion, for we always shopped with our parents. Until our grandparents and aunts and uncles came in to play. For example, me and family were at Walmart to get some vegetables. My mom wanted to come out this store with only vegetables, but she knew that wasnt the case. My dad on the other hand wanted some snacks, so me and my sister wanted some snacks too. We picked up some cookies and Doritos. Them our dad said,"yall have to ask your mother too." If our mom would have seen the basket of treats we had, she would hurt us. So me and my sister put the cookies, and Doritos back and drove home treat less. If me and my sister would have told our mom about the snacks, then she maybe would have said yes.

In conclusion, we all need a little advice and second opinions in our life. If we all just ask our siblings or parents no one will get the full experience. Having multiple opinions helps us make easier decisions, helps us in life, and is better than just one opinion. So ask some for advice the worst thing that can happen is they do not respond.