would you want to talk to more then one person for advice? I know I would want people to tell me what they think the correct thing to do is. I would want to know their opinion over what I had asked.

First, I would want them to tell me what they think is correct because i'm not always sure what to do. When and where or how I should do it and what I should do. Im not always sure, I just know I want to do something but i'm not so sure if its the correct thing to do. Most of the time If get in trouble when I dont think about what i'm going to do, I just do and most of the time its not my very best decisions. So I would ask a friend what they thought about how i reacted or expressed my self, most of the time it goes bad but manage to fix what i did and learn from them.

Then,

I would ask my friend if they agree on what I did. If not that then i'd talk to some one who I trust and ask them what they would have done in that situation. Some opinions are not always the best to take because they would rather see you in bad steps instead of you succeeding in life. Not all the people around you are you friends. some people would say you did a good job even though you know what you did wasnt good at all and ended up getting you in so much trouble.

Finally, You have to learn which people would give you good advice and help you get through things. You would have to do whats best for you not whats best for other people because their not going to be their your whole life. Once your out of high school your probably never going to see them again you have to do the correct thing and only you know what that would be. Your actual friends would want to see you sussed in life, making good decisions not seeing you in bad steps, at the ened of the day its only you by your self no one else.

incounclution al depending on the type of "friends" you have you'd be success full or either following along with the bad choices your "friend" do. It all depends on you, whether you want to do whats best for you or whether you want to try to impress your "friends" witch are not always going to be with you.