Dear senator,

I strongly believe that we should demolish the electoral college system. It is highly unfair and can cause the wrong person to win. The system also has and will continue to cause controversy and rightfully so.

To begin with, the electoral college system is extremely unfair. With this system in play it is fairly easy for the wrong canidate to be elected it has happened before where the person with the most popular votes meaning they had the majority rule has lost because of the way the opposing system is run. This occasion may occur from time to time because when voting you are voting for the electors not the actual president that you want to win. The system is very faulty and there is no guarantee that the electors will vote for whom they are saying they will.

To continue, the system has caused and will continue to cause great amounts of controversy. Some people may refer to it as undemocratic, outdated or even irrational. Even though all people may not agree with it there are reasons it is still in action. It is highly unlikely for there to be a tie, the swing states play a huge role in being the deciding factor of who wins and it allows all states to be equal in the amount of electoral votes they put in in ratio to the population of the states. So there are some good things about the electorlal college but some will surely argue that they are not enough to outway the bad. Maybe we should just get rid of the college and take the easy way out by using majority rule. It really does make the most sense.

Lastly, the system makes some people feel as if their votes are worthless. In states such as texas that is made up 0f mostly republicans the democrats do not feel it necessary to vote because of the system. If most of the people are republican then the democrats already know that the opposite side will get the most electoral votes therefore it is pointless for them to vote. Another state in which this occurs is california where the majority of people are democratic therefore the republicans dont feel the need to vote. In my opinion everyones vote matters so we should run the elections that way.

To conclude. the electoral college should be done away with. It makes people feel like their opinions on the matter of who runs this country dont actually mattter. It is highly faulty meaning the candidate with the most votes does not always win and lastly the system causes loads of contraversy and will continue to until the problem is solved.                                          