Many Americans enjoy technologies advancement and simplicity it adds to life. In my opinion, I do agree that technology is a marvelous use for daily life, but should not be implemented to completely taking over humans driving cars. With the booming of technology and such quick advancement you could say that technology is slowly swarming our lives. Anything is now attainable with technology: depositing money from mobile phones, setting up bluetooth in cars to listen to music, reading a book from a hand-held device, and now companies are trying to develop computer-driven cars. Do not be mistaken technology is great, but making computer-driven cars is something I believe we shoud not use technology for.

One reason developers should consider not making these cars is the price factors that will be presented. The first computer in the world had cost a tremendous amount of money. Just imagine how much a driverless car would amount to! Of course, there are always ways to reduce the price of cars by using cheaper technology, however that will just increase the possibilites of the car's dependancy and more prone to damages. Inventors would also have to consider their target market. If smart cars are more expensive, and too ridiculous of a price how do they plan to earn money from the middle class? Typically, the middle class has a wide range of people and are typically one of the largest buyers of standard cars. How in the world would inventors plan to accomadate their budgets? Not only could their be issues with pricing, but the terrain of roads. In the passage it briefly mentions about how previous attempts to make these cars was not attainable due to the roads. The reason manufactuers were limited was because of the price and construction to help make driving possible. However, even if manufactuers do make a car with sensors how will they hold up against a constantly changing terrain. Autonomous cars would be up against the different forces of nature that are essential to have a human driver. How will they be able to tackle this challenge of extreme weather such as snow and black ice?

Another issue with smart cars is how future generations will never appreciate the excitement of driving. In the past all the talk for teenagers was about getting their drivers lisence. People felt as if it was an accomplishment and made them happy to enjoy the open-road freedom. If we get autonomous cars, people will begin to lose this pleasure. Humans will also discard the practice of motor-skills. When driving people practice using: hand-eye coordination, problem solving, the general use of their hands and feet. If the dependancy of letting a car drive for you prolongs could people begin to lose these skills?

Using self-driven cars may also make humans too lazy. Nowadays, the use of technology is consuming us. For most of us it is practically impossible to get away from it! Would not the use of these cars uproot too much of a dependancy of too much technology? In my opinion I believe humans are too prone and vulnerable to the use of technology. Thus, proving how the use of these cars could be a total nightmare.

In closing, technology is great and the use of autonomous cars would be a great technology breakthrough. However, after accessing this idea I make my stand on not supporting self-driven cars. Future generations need to get ahold of the feel of driving. Driving is a skill that is useful to know, not to mention that it helps work your motor-skills. Of course everyone would love to have fewer accidents and less gas to use, but after looking at the factors may detour people from wanting to buy and believe this new way of driving. Therefore, humans should stick to driving cars without the use of a computer assisting them. The world is over run with technology and creating bad, lazy habits. We should not let technology do the same to our cars and ability to drive with open-road freedom. 