A Cowboy Who Rode he Waves Essay

Intoduction

Luke had turned 18 before he arrived in Greece, he said" I could be drafted for military services" ( paragraph 4). It took Luke to get across the Atlantic Ocean eastern coast of the United States 2 weeks, and 1 month to get to China. Luke had made a least 9 trips, more than any Seagoing cowboy. By the time it was 1947 Luke had helped people he said " Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China" ( paragraph 5). Luke had visited Venice,Italy he rode a gondola because the streets were water. He also " took a tour in a excavated castle in Crete, and the Panama Canalon his way to China" (paragraph 5).

Reasons A few reasons why you should to join the program that Luke is in because 1: he is a night watchman. That seems exicting because he gets to watch over the animal.2: he got to to visit a whole lot of places like Venice, Europe, China, and the Panama Canal. 3: he was on a boat so he got to visit the places like Europe and China. The last reason is to keep himself busy is caring for the animals during th crossing.

Body What Luke likes about being Seagoing Cowboys is he metioned that this would be an opportunity of a lifetime. When he first got on the boat he was exicted to visit the coolest places. The First one he visited was Greece that was the place they headed first. Then it was Europe that was where the boat was headed toward. Venice it is last he said " So was taking a godola ride in Venice, Italy, acity with streets of water.

Conclusion They are so manythings that Luke learned that ws really acurate of being a night watchman. Like helping people benefit of seeing Europe and China. Going through new expirence places like Europe, China, Veince,Italy. I am sure he probably visited more but, who knows. Luke learned that they'res a lot to handle of being a military watchman. The opportunity of a lifetime if he didn't take who knows of what could've happened to his life after he took the opportunity I am also sure he said hello to my New Life.