On May 24, 1976, NASA's Viking one spacecraft was circling mars. It took many photos of landing sites for its sister ship Viking two. As viking one took pictures, it came across a pecuiliar formation on the surface of the planet. The formation seemed to be an enormouse head similar to that of a humans. The scientist figured it was just another Martioan mesa, that was commonly spread throught the surface of Mars.

Conspiracy theorists think that it is bona fide evidence that there is life on Mars. Defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an acncient civilization on Mars. And so on April 5, 1998 another Mars global surveyor flew over and took a picture ten times sharper than the original photos. This led the the scientist to conclude and reveal that the face was just a natural land form and that it wasn't an alien monument at all.

Some people were not happy. The face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north of the martian latitude where it was winter in April 1998. This was a coudy time of year on Mars. They had said that the camera the pictures had been taken with had to peer through clouds to see the Face. They believed that the alien markings were hidden by the haze at the time.

On April 8, 2001, there was a cloudles day on Mars. The surveyor drew close for another picture. They said they increased the image quality to take the best picture they had taken of the face. They added that in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixle size you could see things like airplains, egyptian-style pyramids, or even small shacks.

This showed people that it was the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, which are landforms common around the American West. This showed that the conspiracy theorists had been proven wrong. Since NASA actually researches theier data to learn more about it and they make hypothesize, it shows that they have a lot of since in saying that theorists are wrong. Theorist just make theories and they don't have anything to back them up if someone were to arugue about the subject. Conspiracy theorists are not always wrong but in this case they are.                        