Do you know any of your friends that are active in sports or any other after-school events? Chances are, most students likely participate in at least one extracurricular activity, whether it's a sport, club, instrument, or an extra-credit elective for school. However, there are still quite a few pupils who remain idle in such opportunities when given the chance by their guardians or teachers; this may be because they believe that it will only take away their time. I believe that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, because it can help them expand their social circle, improve overall work quality, and look appealing when submitting resumes to applicators in a specific school or occupation.

To start, it gives the opportunity to expand the student's social circle by having them work and communicate with others. For example, if a pupil is struggling to socialize with other classmates, they can find an after-school activity that will allow them to interact with people with the same interests as them. That way, it is easier to find something to relate with, and can even create lifelong relationships from thereon. In my personal experience, joining orchestra has done countless of positive factors in my social life; I have created very good friendships that I would've never made if I hadn't joined the orchestra, even with people that I would've never imagined becoming friends if it weren't for our shared interest.

Secondly, it improves overall work quality in school because outside knowledge gained from these activities can be applied and comprehended into schoolwork.

Although it may seem like extracurricular activities will not help in school, there will always be at least one characteristic that positively correlates with the work you perform in class. In fact, studies have shown that students who participate in at least one after-school event typically perform significantly higher than those who do not, particularly in subjects that they previously struggled in. In addition, when I first started Tae Kwon Do, I was a very unfocused pupil in my class and had trouble with discipline and time management skills. But as a result from consistently taking the classes every week, my work ethics and discipline improved significantly due to the constant drilling I went through.

Finally, the events you participate in can give off an exceptional impression when applying for a certain school or job. In order for you to stand out among others, especially when applying for more rigorous universities, the activities you take outside of class are the main characteristics of your resume that people look at. They look for factors that set you aside from other applicants, knowing that you put in the extra effort to excel in your classes and hobbies; otherwise, you are merely another out of a thousand candidates that happened to take a few honors courses. This is why such activities are extremely vital not only for personal preferences but for academical purposes.

In short, extracurricular activities should indeed be required for all these reasons. Many students may oppose against this belief due to the lingering thought that it may take away their free time or they are simply afraid of meeting new people in a new environment. However, it is important to keep in mind that although they may think that is the case, it will most definitely benefit them in the future, especially when college comes near. If students took the time to find an extracurricular activity that they are interested in, then they will see more positive than negative outcomes in their daily and social lives. In the end, it's up to them to decide for themselves, but they must know that their future counts more than their personal wants. 