The development of driverless cars pose no threat to anyone. Driverless cars are not completely driverless. The cars will still need assistance from the driver. "Special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." (p7) It has been said that the cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all of these cars are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents.

The cars that Sergey Brin forsees would use, "half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." (p1) Driverless cars have been well tested and have been modified repeatedly. "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009." (p2) Google'sdriverless cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. Although Google's cars are not truly driverless, meaning they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents, not crashing when having driven half a million miles is miraculous.

Really, there is no danger that really stands out when speaking of driverless cars. They were specifically engineered to do one job; that job being to get its passengers to and from their desired designation without crashing. The most important bit of technology on Google's modified Toyota Prius woul have to be the spinning sensor on the roof. "Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings." (p4) The combination of all that has been modified and manufactured for the driverless car is necessary for it to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel.

Car manufacturerers are not starting from scratch recently. "In the 1980s, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in creation of antilock brakes. Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers." (p5) When getting in a driverless car, it will not me like getting in a wagon at the top of a hill and being pushed. You will be in as much control as the car if need be. The car itself will give you far better chances when it comes to not crashing. "The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." (p5)

This has been said repeatedly but once again none of the cars that have been developed so far are completely driverless. Human skills are still needed when driving these cars. As long as you get into one of these cars knowing that you will need to be alert, there is little to no chance of an accident occurring. "Special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." (p7) Being alert when in a driverless car will not be as hard as it may sound due to the modifications that have been made to these cars. "This necessitates the car being ready to quickly get the driver's attention whenevera problem occurs. GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." (p7)

You may be asking yourselves why anyone would want a driverless car that still needs a driver. No one likes to be completely helpless or bored and waiting to take their turn. Some manufacturers hope to keep drivers entertained and awake by, "binging in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off when the driver is needed." (p8)

This information goes to prove that driverless cars pose no real threat when driving other than when a driver gets in the car and is deliberately irresponsible and not paying attention. When in these cars stay alert and all will be well.