Not to long ago driving a car was considered a dream to kids that were not able to drive. Driving a car was like a step towards adult hood and indelpendencs. I was one of thosde kids and now that I am able to drive I am loveing every minute of it, but as of lately companies have been designing and testing driverless cars. The idea is to drive the auto motive indeustry on showing people that there is a way that they can recieve transpotation and not have to do any work at driving the car. Personally I think of it as annother way for someone to be lazy.

I love driving and I do not want a company that created a web site making a driverless car that will take over America's roads. At the begining of this article it says, "Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" I don't want to immagine that because I want the future generations to feel the sense of accomplishment that I felt when I first started driving my car, also there are so many different cars that it would be hard to make a driverless car that can replace all of them. How would a self driving car ever replace the adrenalin pumping speed of a car like a Corvette Z06 or Chellenger HellCat. The purpose of cars like these is to go as fast as you want when you want to. How would a driverless driving car give that is disigned to go the speed limit give you them type of enjoyment as the cars that I just listed.

Then there are the offroading cars like the Jeep and the Ford Raptor. I would like to see Google explaine to me and the rest of the people that agree with me that they can build a driverless car that can some how be a better car for offroading than these. I think that there is nor possibe way that they can achive that kind of goal. Not only that but the cars that they have disigned cant even handle a traffick jam. The test says in paragraph 7, " They can steer, accelerate, and break themsleves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." Why in the world would they make a partially driverless car! They don't even have the skill to make a car that is able to slow dow in a work zone or go arround an acident why even trust this car at all when you can trust your self instead.

In conclusoin Driverless cars are a bad idea because you can't get the excitement that you get form driving different tipes of cars. Also, kids wont feel the sense of accomplishment that we got driving a car for the fist time because that car will drive it slef. But most implortantly how can we trust the technology in the car when it can't even navigate itslef arround a car crash or slow down when passing through a work zone. So, in my oppinion lets not make a car that can encourage people to be lazy in a whole different way.    