Students hate the fact they have to get up for school. Some students can get work done better if it was more quiet. They wouldn't be as stressed out from all the work they get they can go at there own pace. They would also be more dedicated to do there work. Students should take classes at home because they can be more comfortable at home and there would be less distractions.

When students take classes at home they can feel more comfortable. Students don't have to worry about getting up so early in the morning to come to school when they get up at a good time they had enough rest to be focused enough to do there work. Online classes can actually be better for the students because they move at there own pace even though there teacher might give them a do date but they wouldn't be as rushed as they would be in a public school. The students also can be more organized and keep up with there work better. However,being at home can take stress off the students because they don't have to worry about rushing to class or getting involved in situations that they should't be in. Some students concentrate more when they listen to music while they are doing there work,they can do whatever makes them feel more focused because they are at home. Video conferencing can help the student more because they are getting the teachers full attention and can get more help.

Online classes can make learning easier for the students because there would be less distractions around them. Being in a classroom full of other students can be difficult at times because of noises,constant talking,and bad influences,but being at home can be a little better because they can move away from the distractions. Students tend to get side track and the mind focuses on something else thats not important. They can get there work done more because they wouldn't be as talkative with other that will throw them off track. Consequently,students actions effect everything if they be around people that are bad influences they are going to fall into peer pressure and that can effect the students grades and schooling. Being at home taking classes can be less peer pressure for them that means better grades.

Finally,students taking online classes can be good for there mental health. The less distractions they get the more they will succeed. Being uncomfortable can be a bad thing for the student because there grades will fall and they wouldn't be as focused as they need to be. When at home they can find a place they can relax and get there work done. Less stress will be on them the more organize they will be no more crumbled up work in the locker or book bags because everything would be organized for them online. So students should take online class for the better of there grades and for there selves.