I believe that dirverless cars should continue developing and growing. Driverless cars in my opinion are the future of driving, and there is nothing that anyone can do to change it. With everything that we have in the world today at somepoint someone thought it was a stuipd idea and it was impossible. For example Steve Jobs created Apple out of a garage and then was kicked out of his own company. When he came back he worked even harder to prove everyone wrong, and he did. He created the first smart device and it changed the world. The self driving cars are the new tomorrow and big dreamers will make it a reality, all we can do is be ready.

Google is the first company to sucessfully make a self driving car, that works on real roads. Google took a Prius and fitted it with sensors, cameras, high tech GPS, and motion sensors. Out of all the high tech gadgets that Google's car has the most impressive is the rotationg sensor on the roof. It creates a 3-D display of the cars surrounding so that car can react more precisly to the changing road conditions, and act more like a real driver.

Even with all of these gadgets some people still think that self driving cars are a danger to people on the roads. That is where they are wrong, "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash". Most people in their life dont drive half a million miles, and if they did they would at least get into one fender bender. I am not saying that these cars are perfect machines that can just go out on the roads today, there are still so many things that have to be done before they are ready, but they are closer than ever.

Although they are called driverless cars, they are not completely driverless. Someone need to be in the car in case the car comes upon a situation that requires a human touch, such as construction zones or complicated traffic jams. Now you might be thinking just sitting in that car while it drove me around would get boring but, BMW is talking about fitting a heads up entertainment display that the driver could use until they needed to take the wheel. This would keep you accupied as the car drove, it just has to be leagal.

The main problem for self driving cars is the Law. It is illegal for self driving cars to even be tested in most states. As self driving cars become more advanced and prevelent, States will most likely start changing their laws. New laws will also have to be put into place as safety regulations. The laws will have to be able to regualte what can be used in the cars and how they are used. One big issue is if there is an accident most drivers will try and sue the manufactures for faulty equipment, but are the manufactures really at fault.

Self driving cars are becoming more and more of a reality every day, and that scares some people. They just have to trust that the proper safety precautions will be taken to prevent any injurines. Most companies pedict that their self driving cars will be street ready by 2020, but will we be ready for them.             