Reducing the Usage of Cars

Thousands of Americans use their own car or a vehichle as their main transportation in their every day lives. No one seems to look at how cars are actually destroying the environment ,rather then helping it. Mainly since the fuel that is given off from a vehicles engine is effecting the environment in a negative way. In all reality the reason why we as humans use our own vehicles is because its a faster way of transportation and carries us to our destination. This is  why limiting car useage will be benificial money wise and create a healthier environment.

Reducing the car usage is beneficial to creating a cleaner and safer environment. Not only will this effect the environment but your  life as well. According to source 1 it states," Passengers cars are responsible for twelve percent of greenhouse gas emmision in Europe." Based on this fact I can acknowledge the fact of how automobiles can effect the greenhouse. The greenhouse is a cycle  in which can have a huge impact on our environment. If we destroy that then that may result in even more damages that are caused now. It also states, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France , after five- days of intesifying  smog..." In result, the smog then continued to places such as Bejing, China. Which I personally would consider to be  a  horrfic thing, considering China is very congested already and is one of  the most  pollued cities in the world. Some may argue of the fact that car usage is their main way from going to point A to point B , but there is proof that is effecting the cities around us. Experts have concluded that there is about 50 percent car intensive areas located in the United States. This is why car usage should be reduced to have create a better environment.

The suburbs are taking action to create denser cities. The purpose of having denser citiies is to have a low- suburban life. In source 1 it states, " In this new approach , stores are placed a walk away, on main street, rather  than in malls along some distant highways." This experiment will help to encourage more ways to attempt public transportation. For instance, riding your bicycle once in a blue moon. Not only are you saving money but you are preventing less traffic fgrom occuring in your area. Some may argue having a low- suburban life can be hard to adapt to but it will provide a safer environment. Especially since you are one  step  closer to making the world less polluted then it already is. I personally would agree on occasionally using a different way to get to my destination. It will not only benefit me in the long run but also cause less chaos on the road. It also states in the text," the Environmental Protection Agency is promoting car "reduced communties", and legislators are starting to act, if cautiously." This means that the Environmental Agency are starting to promote reducing car in certain communities. Some may argue why is there a need to reduce the amount of cars in a community ,but on the other hand that community may be over populated or congested of cars. If this is so, then this will just have another negative impact of the environment. The purpose of the program is  to benefit the area you are and to lessen then the issue of car usages. All in all, the suburbs are taking action to create denser cities.

Programs are also being created to spread the news of Car- Free day. The purpose for Care - Free day in Bogota , Columbia is a day you participate in to prevent traffic jams. For example, In source 3 it states, "..millions of Colombians hiked, biked, and skated or took buses to  work during a car- free day." This day isn't ment for people who live in Bogota, Colombia but they are trying to influence this tradition in several other countires. Other may agree of this day being pointless , but I can see this having a huge impact on the world . Sooner or later this day will become a tradition not only in several other countries but also in the United States. it also states in source 3," Its a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pulltion, said a bussniessman." Especially since it rained on the Car- free day this didnt stop nor discourage anyone from participating in the event. The event turned out to be a huge success and reduced the amount of smog that day. In my perspective we are all come together as one to build our community together. It takes more thenone person to have such a huge impact on the world. The goal if to lessen the useage of car to have a positive effect on the environment. The influence of the Car- free day is just one step closer to reaching that goal. This will is why programs are being creates to spread the news of Car - free day.

After looking of the causes and effects of limiting car usage , it all comes down to having a big influence on the world. It takes one area such as Bogota, Columbia to have a huge impact. In our every day lives , our car is our main resource for transportation, but this should change. Not only are you capable of helping to have a postive effect on the environment but so am I. This just shows how if we are all willing to come together as a  community, we are capable of creating a healthier environment. This is why the world should influence limiting car useage.          