Imagine going evrywhere you want without driving. For many yeras in fictions movies and Tv shows people appear with cars that can drive by themself. Would you want one of those cars? Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009, but so far, they aren't truly driverless. There are some reasons why we still don't use those cars.

Firstly, one of the main reasons why we still do not have those cars is because companies haven't made the cars act like if a human is driving. Google has added position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive sensors, a GPS receiver, an inertial motion sensor to a car. All this is necessarry for the driverless car but still they have done all this, it isn't trudly driverless.

Also, anothyer reason is because after all those changes in the car, they still need the human to drive it. Mostly all the work that is done, it's done by the car. But when there is a problem with the traffic, there's an accident or something the car needs the human to drive to be safe. GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object. The Google car simply announces when the diver should be prepared to take over, There are some other options like flahing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays.

Finally, the last reason are the laws. Driving laws focus on keeping drivers and passengers safe. Traffic laws say that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. There are many states where those cars are illegal because theybhaven't prve that it is all safe, but manufacturers believe that more states will follow as soon as the safety of these cars is prove.

These cars are relly good, but there is the problem that they are not safe enough. As they prove the safety of those cars everyone will have one. You won't have to drive and you will be safe, but we still have to wait.