Professor Thomas Huang, of the Beckman Insitute for Advanced Science at the University of Illinios has been in collaboration with Professor Nicu Sebe form the University of Amsterdam. They have changed how art is looked at and hope to expand into everyday life. They want for for the connection between humans and technology. The use of such technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom may change how the school ciriculum leading to missing lessons, risk of teachers losing thier jobs, and how high the price of such technology is.

If the student does not like the lesson, the computer program may inform the teacher, This may lead to the school board taking out important lessons that will help the student later in life. But, how are they supposed to teach if the student does not like the lesson? If per say, the student finds nothing of the lesson interesting, the student will most likely learn nothing. That leads to the student not being as succesful in the future merely because they not learn the key lessons due to the fact that they thought it was "boring". If the computer does end up changing the way the student is taught, then the student will most likely get the idea that in life things will be altered to fit thier ends and desires. When inreality, that is not how life works. The student will be "sugar-coated" with all these advantages and have a change in character.

Not only does it put the risk of the student's future at risk but also the jobs of the teachers. If the computer alters the teaching is done then how will they know when to help the student? The computer program will eventually become the teacher putting the teacher out of a job. As if we already do not have high unemployment rates.

In the article, Dr. Huang predicts that "Then it could motify the lesson, like an effective human instructor."(Par. 6). Dr. Huang gives off the idea that the teacher will no longer be a human but rather a computer. Sure it may alter the lesson, but if that teacher put a big amount of time into that lesson only for it to be change, then what is the point?

Lastly, the whole cost of installing face-reading technology can come at a big price. Many schools do not have that kind of money in thier funding. I know that my school most definitely does not have the money to supply all the computers and laptops with this type of technology. Not even a students PC at home can "handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile. But we can write down some simple instructions that "encode" different emotions."(Par. 7). So basically not only would the school board spen lots of monety on installing the technology but also buy new computers that can handle such algorithms. Including the student , in order to get taught at thier pace and style would have to spend a lot of money on this technology.

In conclusion, the use of the technology to read emotional expressions of students in the classoms is not valuable due to the risks and failures that come with it. Such technology can have a negative impact on students, teachers, and others.

Also, doing so would invade an individuals privacy.