Dear Senator:

Our country, the United States of America, needs and deserves a grand president who will work hard and inspire the citizens of this counttry to perservere like our fore-fathers have; and this president needs to be voted by popular vote by his/her citezens in the United States. The presidential elections need to be of popular vote and to be voted by the citizens of America, not by some electoral college. The reason for this is that for one: the candidates ignore the smaller states, two: electors who are chosen can, and possibly will, go against the will of the people; the Electoral College shows signs of inequality amongst the states, unpatrioticism, and unfairness.

If we continue to go by the electoral college, the smaller states who hold inadequite populations will continue to be ignored by the candidates running for presidency. In source 1 paragraph No. 3, it states:"Your states allotment of the electors equals the number of members in its Congressional delegation: one for each member in the House of Representatives and 2 for your Senators." Also, in paragraph 13 of Source No.2, it states," Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning." So, the candidates ignore the smaller states because of their smaller population and this is a sign of unfairness and inequality amongst the people of America. The future president should address and obtain votes that are from all 50 states of the United States. That is how we treat and show that every person and every state are equal to one another, and that the candidates get an honest and fair vote. The way the Electoral College does things during the presidencial election is everything against how our country came to be- through hardwork, a desire and wish to be equal to one another, and to ensure fairness amongst the people; this Electoral College projects an unpatriotic feel and that itself should not be a process that the United States holds.

The Electoral College is unfair in the fact that the electors chosen by our state legislature can, and possibly will go against the will of the people. With the Electoral College those who vote aren't actually voting for the president but for a slate of electors that elect the president. In Source No.2 paragraph 11, it states: "In the same vein, 'faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." This is unfair and a disrespect to a persons choice. It is an act that is untrustworthy and it could happen at any time, people might not even know it. That action practically takes away a citizens right of opinion (speech) which is part of the Bill of Rights, the very basis of what we have a right to have. That in itself is un-American and unpatriotic. This system should be overruled and abandoned for it doesn't go with the basis of our country's ways.

However, the Electoral College does have a some-what strict rule that is rarely broken. In Source No.3 paragraph 16, it states:" But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for that party's nominee (and that trust is rarely broken).."

The Electoral College does have some points that it is not totally untrustworthy. But, this point can be broken and can be unfair for the people.

Senator, I hope these points have shown that the Electoral College needs to be voted against due to its unfairness, unpatrioticness, and its act of inequality amongst the states. This country needs it's people to vote for it's president, not a slate of electors.                                                                                                                                                                            