I agree, because he is giving the students many options on what they would like to participate in, such as running track or joining the highschool football team, or if sports do not interest the students then they can join student government and express their opinion on school matters and possibly even change the rule that the principal has put in to place. The examples that are given arent the only things that students can participate in, extracurricular activites can range from joining the student government to joining an after school world language club. If the principal had said every student in the school must join one sports team, that would be unfair to students who are interested in other subjects such as student body,art, or world languages, and if the principal had said that students have to particpate in one art program outside of school, the sport players might miss out on practice time.

Some might argue that its called extracurricular for a reason and that it should not be mandatory and students should decide if they would like to participate or not, but many young teenagers dont know how much they love something untill they try it, this rule would push kids that usually sit inside all day to try new things.

A common issue is that both of the students parents are busy with work or other things and that means the student might not be able to get a ride to and from the activities,many extracurricular activities can be done before school, after school, in the summer, or online. This wide range of times that students can adapt to makes it alot easier to participate.

Many high schoolers and middle schoolers make up friend groups based on what they are interested in, if a student loves art but is new to the school this is a way for them to make new friends and find out where they fit in and who they want to be around. Teachers can also use this time to form study programs to help the students that are falling behind in class or just need a small boost to help them understand the material better. In a program where the teachers and students are working together they can form a closer bond and this will make the student feel much better about coming to class. There are many reasons to join extracurricular activities and I think many students would feel the same way once they try it out, the rule the principal has put into place will only boost the students in the right direction. 