Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I don't think your ideas on the grade B average are completely acceptable for the following reasons.

For one, I, as a tennis player, and a musician, for SCHOOL_NAME, wouldn't like this. I take both my education and extracurricular activities very seriously. I try to thrive and prosper in everything that I'm out up to, or chose to do. I believe I'm probably not the only student who feels this way.

What about the students who struggle at something, but give it everything they have at it? What if they also love their extracurricular activities? I think we should find other methods of developing their academic skills other than taking away something they love to do. If you did take that away from them, they'd have a sense of disappointment in themselves even when they gave it everything they have, and this is definitely not a good thing for students to feel. It could make them depressed and upset their character.

There is also another side to the story however.

What to do about the students who don't give academics their all? Well, this is a difficult decision. We can find other ways and give our best to help them feel like they should care about what they do at school in the academic field. Tutorials or any other activities to improve their outlooks on these issues, but not take away other classes that improve other skills they may like participating in. This could also bring students to the level of a B average you are expecting from them if they get all the necessary help they need.

What about our school motto, "Winning is a habit"? Yes, winning is a great thing, but your a winner if you give 110% and you know that you did the very best you could, yet there's always room for improvement.

Overall, I believe this would be too much of a blow to the students at SCHOOL_NAME. I may not be having issues in my academics, nor my extracurricular activities, but I speak on behalf of my schoolmates when I share my thoughts and opinions on this situation.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME