Dear Principal,

School sports is something that most people look up to when they just don't want to do school related work. This if fine but school work should at least be up to par with sports. I think that you shouldn't have one thing to devote your time to more. Many people can get better than a C average. If our school can't get that then we shouldn't get sports. I think it seems fair that we balance our lives so that we can be equally be good at each subject.

Sports are great ways to spend time and to have fun. This is true to an extent. Sometimes there are people who are only good at one thing which is sports. Education is an important task also. Without the average education most sports can't be played with strategy. I think students should be allowed to attend school sports if they can get a B average grade. Having fun is essential to life as well as getting a good education. Without education you wont be able to have fun. So I think that this policy is a good choice because it will offer a challenge for those who want to be able to participate in these sports.

Our school isn't as good as it could be. Not many people try that hard to actually earn a good grade in class. All they need is some motivation or drive to get them to want good grades. I say that if you only allow student with a B average it will drastically improve the students grades that are trying out for school sports. If we make students take a choice on whether they want to get in to the school soccer team while feeling happy that they are excelling at school or if they want to have an okay grade that wont exactly please them and it will ruin they dreams of joining the sports team. Most student will go for the first response because it benefits them in both ways.

While motivation is a key to success there is also the point that success comes equally. If you put time and effort at school you will be able to do the same in your desired sport. I think that making the requirement a B average is fair rather than a C or A. If it was to low then our school would be focused only on sports. If it was an A not many people in our school would be able to reach this goal yet. It is like comparing how the earth is the right temperature to sustain life. If we weren't in the position right now we are in we would be doomed. That is why I feel this policy must be enforced for the good of our school.

I know that my opinion in this matter won't motivate you, but I know based off of experience that if you do everything right in all the right places then you will be able to master everything. It is part of life to learn a sport I assure you and it is also important to get a proper education. That is why I have written this to inform you of the benefits you will get overall if you take this policy into action. If you know what's right for your school you will make a proper decision. All I am doing is giving you the rights facts and conclusion as a result of this policy.

Sincerely,

Your student