Students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. It could help find a students interests and hobbies, and could also help them find a club to join. They can enroll in some outdoor activities that can slowly make you loose weight, or participate in after school programs that can also help improve your academic score heavily.

In Middle School, students are getting ready for High School. They want to figure out what classes to take for 9th grade, but some students does not know what classes to take next year. The student can either pick a random class that might not be beneficial to them, or they can participate in extracurricular activities to find their interests before they even choose what classes to take in 9th grade.

When you were little, did your parents enroll you in random extracurricular clubs such as; Boy or girl scouts, just say no, or recycling? Our parents just wanted us to find clubs that interest us at a young age, so you could find what club or activity you might want to pursue in Middle School, or High School, and maybe even Collage.

In Middle School, if you are talented on a sport, you can tryout in High School, and if your good enough, you can make it on the team. You can get a scholarship that can save you thousands of dollars when your going to collage. Even if you don't make it on the team, you can practice more and tryout for the team next year, but if you don't want to take sports too seriously, you should still play because, you will gradually loose some weight.

Another extracurricular activity is staying after school. It can improve your grades, even if its just one letter grade up, it will make a difference. There are dozens of After School programs like; After school homework club, after school sports club, after school computer club, etc. In after school homework club, you can do your homework there, and if you have any questions, you can raise your hand and ask the teacher for any help that you may have.

Overall, the principal thought of a great idea where the students has to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. It helps the students find what their talents, hobbies, and interests are. If the students participates in these activities, they will most likely have a higher grade than others who don't participate in extracurricular activities