The main reason people go to others for advice is because they couldn't seek it on there own. Plenty of people don't understand how helpful it is too talk to someone else or get advice from others. some people could be going through the same things you are or have experienced the same problems as you. If they have moved on from it and learned from it than they should be able to help you do the same. Seeking help or advice from others isn't and never will be a bad thing. Sometimes you just can't do it on your own even though you say you can. I'm almost positive that most people have experienced one or two problems they needed help with.

Getting multiple opinions from different people is a great option. It gives you more options to work with in the long run. When it comes down to it you might need those other options because the one you have tried just didn't work out how you planned. when I was younger I used too deal with serious family problems, I would always go to my grandma for advice. She always knew what to say and what would help cheer me up, but there were sometimes when her advice just wasn't what I was looking for. So I would go talk to other family members including my grandpa, brother, and aunt, but I didn't just talk to family members about my problems. I realized that I needed a counselor, so I went and got one and surprisingly they helped a lot more than I expected.

I know a lot of people out there don't like to seek advice from anyone because they are scared that nobody will listen to them or that someone will make fun of them. I understand all of that but, seeking attention with someone you know is gonna help like your mom or your grandmother, or just any family member in general would still be a good idea or at least one you should think about. because you never know people could be there to help you and want you to be happy, not bring you down and see you sad. seeking multiple opinions from different people gives you more room to think on the decisions you wanna make and help you make better choices. When having multiple opinions it really gives you the chance to think about the choice you wanna make but also make sure you are picking the right one.

All the decisions you make reflect back on you. So that's why having multiple opinions is good. You can really get into detail and think about each opinion really carefully to ensure yourself that the advice your are choosing to use is gonna help you be a better person, make your life easier, and hopefully help you make the best choices you can possibly make.