Theres so many roads in the world but traffic still exists. Ever think about the amount of cars in your neighborhood?, dont you think thats probaly the reason why? In the Sources 1,2,3 , and 4 all imphasizes on how having a limit of car usage can be an great advantage to society. I believe that the limiting of car usage is an great advantage. This is true because Limiting care usage lowers pollution, Decreases traffic.

With that being said , Limiting car use lowers air pollution. I agree with this because the less cars driven leads to less burning fuel. According to the passage by Robert Duffer paragraph 10 states that "After days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city."Due to the high population in Paris and numerous amount of the owning a vehicle causes massive car pollution. Having massive car pollution can be dangerous, this inherits sickness, stress and diseases. Refering to the source "Car-free Day is spinning into a big hit in Bogata,Columbia" Mayor Of Bogota (Antanas Mockus) stated that "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" As he rode a two seater bike with his wife. The Mayor in this content speaks the absolute truth. As you walk to your destination in the nice warm air you relive stress and diseases that were causing you to be sick before. Those are the reasons why i think limiting car usage lowers the pollution.

Additionally, Limitiing car usage decreases traffic. This is true because if there is 5 people going to the same place you are and all of you guys drive in that one car or bus that reduces the traffic. Micheal Sivak In Source 4 ( The end of car Culture) elaborates on that by saying "What most intrgues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before downturn, I Think that means something more fundamental is going on."What Mr. Sivak means by this is that everyone should only have a certain amount of car per household and person Which will also lower the traffic. Traffic in paris is very long but due to the car-free act traffic was reduces. from reading source 2 by Robert Duffer ,it states "Congestion was down 60 % in the capital of france (Paris), after five days of intensifying smong." Just in five days of no driving the air is already unpolluted imageded if you drived five days all day. Those are the reasons why i think that Limiting car usage is an advantage.

To Conclude,I believe that the limiting of car usage is an great advantage. This is true because Limiting care usage lowers pollution, Decreases traffic.    