The author of the story "The challange exploring Venus" poorly support his claim that we should look into exploring Venus. He does not proparly compare a list of other options and does not examine in detail the dangers of these illogical actions.

Although the thought of exploring Venus the "Evening Star" sounds fun, the author does not realisticly support this idea. He claims that NASA has considered sending humans above the planets harsh terrain in a blimp like vehichle in order to aviod the storms. The idea sounds great until considering that, "reasearchers cannot take samples". In other words even if NASA manages to send humans to Venus through this method reasearchs still wouldn't be able to find anything worth studying. The author does not take into account the irrational sense this would make neither does he consider what will happen if something goes haywire, the power runs out, or if the storms and clouds rose higher.

In addition the author also presents the idea that electronics that NASA has tested in Venus' condition have lasted three weeks before giving out. Therefore it is infered that humans can simply use advanced technology in order to study Venus. The authors reasoning is more realistic in pointing this out, however the author unfortantly has not considered any other planets. The size and structure of Venus is close to Earth, as stated "Venus is the closest planet to earth in terms of density and size". He includes this key detail in order to claim that maybe one day Venus might be "survivable for humans". However the author fails to consider or even mention any other planets and their climates, he does not consider any other options such as Mars. Because even is Venus' size and shape are similar its climate is not. In addition if Venus is the best option he does not show readers why through a series of comparisons which greatly diminishes the article.

Despite the authors attemps at persuading readers that the pursuit of Venus is worth the risk he doesn't consider the facts dangers and holes in the attempt theories. The author does not seem to consider the cliamate change in Venus, neither does he mention the possiblity of other planets. After all what would be the point of traveling through Venus and later realizing that there was a better option. Although the author would like our travels to be guided by "imagination and innovation" they only work if govern by a clear plan and logical thinking. Both of which the are unfortanatly lacking which gives weak support to his ideas.      