Have you ever asked anyone for help or advice? Most likely you have. How many people did you ask? Think back, and how many people did you really ask? When asking around for advice, it is sometimes helpful to ask multiple people. Asking only a few people for advice on a topic, sometimes it isn't very beneficial to your cause. There are many reasons why asking more than just one or two people for their advice is beneficial for you such as getting more opinions, stringing ideas together, and reflecting ideas. I think that asking many people for advice is very helpful.

One reason that asking multiple people for advice is helpful is that it is easy is for getting more opinions. This is a reason that can help because you can compare multiple ideas. If you have multiple opinions and statements, you can compare them, making the the original question or problems solution become more solid, and set in stone. Getting more opinions is also better because a thought that you have originally, could be one hundred percent different, or more unique than what ten other people think. This reflects back to comparing ideas because people have different minds. Just because you think one thing, doesn't mean that other people that you ask are going to think the same way, and one person you ask isn't going to think the exact same thing as three other people that you ask. This is one reason why asking multiple people for advice is more beneficial than just asking one.

The next reason why asking many people for advice instead of just one, is that you can string ideas together. In a way, this reason kind of relates to the first, with the fact that it is using multiple ideas to form one really solid one. However, when receiving many ideas to help your predicament, people can leave out some crucial points. For this reason, the other pupils that you ask could help fill in the key points that anybody else missed. The opposite way works as well. People that you ask could fix, or improve your initial point, or opinion. The point of this, is stringing the points together. You can bounce the ideas off of each other, and make one very strong, and crucial solution for your situation. This is another reason why asking multiple people for their opinion can help you out more.

As stated earlier, not every mind thinks the same. Old minds think different than young ones, women tend to think different than men. People think differently based on how they grew up, where they are from, and much more. For this reason, it is also beneficial, and important to ask a variety of people. Asking multiple people for their advice is important, however, when you ask a variety of people from young to old, you can get an even better solution. This reason can also reflect back on the last reason which is stringing ideas together. Getting multiple points from a different variety of people makes the opinions you get more diverse. This can help your final thought or decision become agreed on by many people since you have a little bit of everything, and everyone in the final "product". This is yet another reason why asking multiple people for their advice is better for you.

In all, there are many reasons why asking more than just one or two people for their opinion or advice is much more beneficial, and these are just a mere few of them. Multiple opinions, a variation of people, and putting heads together are just a few very valid points that can be made. I strongly believe that asking multiple people for their advice is beneficially better for whoever is asking.