In the article the author talks about machines and computers that can tell what a person is feeling like. The author does make very valid points in the article, explaining and giving well thought out details about the process as it helps us readers understand. The author claims that this machine can tell what you are feeling by ur facial structure in the moment and how your cheek bones and eyebrows and other parts of your face affect that. This is very valuable because the author has plenty of evidence behind it all. An example is the Mona LIsa. They inspected all of her bones in her face with one of these machines and results came back and seemed very valuable with reasoning. This also could easily help students like us in the future, students are very well off task a lot of tines and makes it very boring for us to learn things. So machines like this can keep us and teachers on track when we are not focused or even learning.

Students very often get bored of learning the same way and same pace as others. The students get very eager to learn a new way and not the same all the time. These machines can recognize when we arent learning properley by telling that we are bored or not focused. For an example in the article it states that, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is confused or bored", "Then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor." This explains how we could be getting a new way to learn just by a machine guiding us by itself to do so. This could very much help students everywhere out, because we know that all student dont learn as affective and the some pace. So the students who need it all slowed down a little can have a much better learning experience because it can tell when you need this kind of help.

This technology would definitley help out students now and in the future, it gives them a more wide and better learning experience. This FACS is very intelligent telling what and how people are feeling in any type of moment and situation, just by bones in your face. Now affording these in classrooms might be a big issue because they will be overpriced for schools to even have some if any. Low income schools will be in a very tough situation with this because unfortunatley lower income schools are the ones that need these machines the most, to help the chidren get the type of education that they want, and need. So as long as prices arent varied by place and can stay low, all schoold should have these types of learning tools because it really does help these children, and could have a better success rate in lower schools.