Dear Senate,

It is only fair to the people of America to change to election by popular vote for the President of the United States. The process of the Electoral vote seems to leave out votes and make them seem less improtant, and that right there is discriminating the peoples right. Millions of people in each state vote for a president but then out of all those votes only 34 electoral votes would consist, and that's if your electors win the statewide election. If not then your canidate already loses votes from your whole state.

Although, they're are some reasons for retaining the Electoral College. A canidate would need trans-reginal appeal not just the appeal of one region. Or found in "In the Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the Presdident"  Posner states "The Electoral college restores some of the weight of the politicial balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution". Last, pressure from run-off elections when a candidate doesn't win majority vote is subsided by the Electoral College.

However, the College Electoral process has more cons then pros.  With the electoral college system voters vote for the slate of electors not president. Millions of votes casted in each state are practically forgotten about after one of the electors win the statewide election. How is it that millions of votes only count as 34 electoral votes? Peoples opinons do matter and each one of them need to be heard. The winner-take-all system is just not fair to voters and needs to change.

Furthermore, the elector college sytem is shady and sketchy. "Acording to a Gallop poll in 20didate". can party's00, taken shorty after Al Gore- thanks to quirks of the electoral college- won the popular vote but lost presidency" stated in . Also " 'faithful' electors have occastionally refused to vote for their

In the end, our rights are being disrespected by this electoral college system. Each voter has their own opinion that should be heard and counted in a nationwide popular vote. Also the electors can't fully be trusted incidents have happened that show unfaithfulness to the sytem and rules.    