Some schools require students to do projects during the summer, and whether the projects should be teacher-designed or students-designed. In my opinion,the summer projects should be teacher-designed because it can be helpful for future related times and giving guidelines can make the projects much easier. Summer projects should be teacher-designed due to it be able to benefit them the upcoming school year.

To start with, teachers can give students guidelines for the project. The more instructions the students are able to have then the more understandable the project can be. Getting guidelines can give the students more ideas and can be less frustrating doing the project can be. For example,Generic_Name,a student at Generic_School,is spending time starting her project,she is confused on what to do from the beginning until she opened the guidelines that she was giving, having the guidelines made it much more easier to finish due to having a list on what was needed for the project.

Secondly,having to do projects under teacher circumstances can be beneficial for related times in the future. Many more projects could come and be far more complicated,but using their current knowledge from past experience can make the project less frustrating. For example,Generic_Name has to start an project,now that the students are back in school from break,in the past he would struggle with projects,but by using his past knowledge that he learned,he had finished and reached all the expectations needed. In conclusion,using knowledge that you learned from the same situation in the past on your current ones can very much help in the future.

Some people may disagree due to others seeing it in different ways. Others may see the project as not interesting because the students should be able to do it the way they want to due to them having to do the object during the summer and it not being able to benefit them because the students can not look back on their mistakes. Although, the project not being interesting should not be the case because they are learning not playing around. In addition, the students should know that having ideas on an project can help more so confusing them.

In conclusion,these are my reasons why summer projects should be teacher-designed. The project being teacher-designed,allows more ideas that the students are able to use and makes the project easier. The students should now be able to use the guidelines to be able to benefit them on future projects on their upcoming year.          