Dear Principal of our school ;

I object to your policy change in taking away our sports and other activities. We students should be able to have a another chance in trying to bring our grade. Yes we all should have done better but we may have reasons why we have a C average. We need these activities and sports because it helps get through our day. We have the opportunity to do sports and not have to worry about homework or class. If you take away our activities and our sports then nobody would enjoy school much our put any effort into their work.

We all love our sports and activities and we want to keep them because it's a part of us. if you kept these activities and sports then maybe we would want to do better in our classes and we would do everything we can to change your mind. We ask of you to leave our activities so that we have something to keep pushing us in doing our work and keeping our grades up. Students join these activities so that they can enjoy themselves in school. Your policy would take away what we students love doing.

These sports help us take our anger out on whatever sport or activity we joined in. Imagine if you do take away our sports students would take their anger out on others or themselves. Sports and activities are a good way for students to relax and concentrate on their life. Students love doing these things to do something other then go home and sleep. These activities or sports helps them get active with world and people around them.

These activities or sports are like our hobbies. If we don't have them then we can't be active in our school because school is always going to be about learning and doing class work and homework it's also about where were heading in life and these activities can help us think about it or find what we were meant to do.

This is why you shouldn't take away our sports or activities they make a huge matter in the students life's and they love doing these activities it's what makes them , who they are. Those who have a grade B average can do whatever they want and not get kicked out of their activities but think about the others who tried their best not to fail any of their classes but yet they receive a C ? They tried their best not to fail and by taking away their activities or sports would make them want to slack off.      