Community service is honestly a great privilege some have, giving back to the community is the one of the best things a person can do. Some people are not as fortunate as others are and that's the ultimate reason why we need to give back to the community. Like i said before, Community service is great, but it may not be right for everybody. Therefore, forcing students to do community service just isn't fair.

Think about something that you don't like doing because it "wastes your time", Now imagine how you'd feel if you were being forced to do that. You wouldn't be very happy would you? I personally don't like running, and i would be very angry if i had to go out and run 3 miles for no apparent reason. As human beings we have the right to do things we enjoy doing, and should not be forced to do things we don't enjoy.

Schools should have programs where students can help the community if they want to. Kids are likely to do what they think is "cool" or "in", If you had a program where kids could come and do fun community service it'd be more enjoyable to kids. If kids could do something like helping repair a playground with your friends, it would not only make the community better but make children better at teamwork and it could bring them closer together. Everybody enjoys spending time with their friends, and letting them work with their friends while helping the community is a great way to make a better community.

You may say that forcing kids to do community service is the only way they'll do it. I say that if you make them do something they don't want to do, the end results probably wont be commendable. I also say that if you give them a good and fun reason to do it they most likely will. You also may say that kids will work if they have to for school. I say kids are rebellious and if they don't want to do something it usually wont get done right.

Kids will be kids, There is some truth to that saying. Kids are likely to do what they think is "cool" or "in", and kids are quite easy to persuade. Making community service an extracurricular activity in schools is just what we need. Community service can and should be fun when your dealing with kids. Giving back to the community is everybody's job, but it should not be forced upon children at schools.