All teachers and principals know that students use their cell phones during class even though it's not permitted. Why keep it a secret any longer? I think that the principal should choose policy A because the parent might need to get a-hold of the student during school for something extremely important, the student will most likely use their cell phone less during class from using it in their free periods, and there is no use not letting the student use their cell phone during a free period if they're not doing anything to begin with. These are some reasons why I think the principal should go with policy A.

First, the parent might need to get a-hold of the student during school for something extremely important. Something could have come up like a death or odd news. Another example would be that the student could have left something at home and they decide to text one of their parents to bring it to school for them. One more example would be that there is an unexpected club meeting of some sort that came up that day, so the student should be able to text one of their parents during the free period to let them know that they will be home late and give them a heads up notice. This is one reason why I think the principal should go with policy A.

Second, by letting students use their phones during lunch and free periods, that would give them the chance to just do something for fun and to get using their phones out of their system. It would let them have their time with there phone, so they wouldn't use it during class. It this manner, it is being both fair to the teacher, and fair to the student. Everybody gets their way. Yes, I think it is incredibly rude for a student to use their phone instead of listening to the teacher, but I also think it is unfair for the student to not have any person freedom during class. This is another reason why I think the principal should go with policy A.

Last but not least, I think that the principal should go with policy A because if the student has a free period, and they can do absolutely anything they want to, why not let them use their phones? There's no real harm in it. If they had a free period and had nothing to do because they forgot their book or already finished their homework, whatever the case me be, they should be able to use their phones to text or to just have fun. This is my last reason why I think the principal should go with policy A.

To sum up, I think the principal should go with policy A because the parent may need to get a-hold with the student for something extremely important, the student will most likely use their cell phone less during class from using it in their free periods, and there is no use not letting the student use their cell phone during a free period if they're not doing anything to begin with. These are my reasons in why I think the principal should go with policy A.