Have you ever wondered about the benefits of students participating in an activity? Extracurricular activities can have many things to it. Some activities can be sports,yearbook designing,student council, and many other things that students can enjoy. Students would have a great time and enjoy these types of things and can find different kinds of activities they could participate in. All students should participate in an activity because it can help students find an interest,students can enjoy it, and can help keep their minds distracted from school.

Students can find different activities to find an interest/hobby. Students who don't usually participate in activities or events can find something new if they are being told to do something. Hence, making a student find an activity means that they will be searching to find one, and will lead to finding an activity they find interesting and try it out. In other words, students who doodle once in a while might find an art related activity and join. In addition, this can also help them keep an open mind and not think that all or some activities are boring or considering them as something they would never like doing. Some students might also be shy or not be involved to much in things so they might want to join an activity but are to scared to participate. This means that when students must pick an activity they can feel relieved and happy to do so.

Some students can enjoy having extracurricular activities. For example, student would enjoy having activities because they can be able to do something that they enjoy instead of having class. To add to this, students that are athletic wouldn't be able to play a sport during class because it isn't allowed and would be very disruptive. Therefore, when students are allowed to choose an activity that would make them joyful and excited to join the one they connect with the most. This will also be beneficial to the class/classes that a person is in because they have already done what they wanted during their activity and it can help them focus in their classes more efficiently.

The minds of students can be distracted from school related things. Students nowadays can become stressed, and can cause their brain to be less efficient. Students can be feeling down and even depressed which is a very bad situation for students since they have lots of things piled on them. Some of these things would include projects,homework, essays, and other things that can be personal to that student. Therefore, by joining an activity students can relieve their mind off certain topics and think about other things. While in an extracurricular activity they can communicate with others and can find new friends too. In addition, they can also find an activity that can help them relax and be more calm. For example, a meditation club (activity) would be very helpful or an art activity so they can draw out their emotion/feelings.

Overall, students should all participate in activities. This is because it can be appealing to some students and not so appealing to others, but this can make them find different activities/opportunities and keep them open minded. Students can also find new friendships and can be distracted from school related things which keeps their minds functioning. Extracurricular activities include lots of different things and students can enjoy it and consider participating in one or more activities. Students should all join an activity because it helps them clear their minds,some students enjoy activities, and it can help students find an interest/hobby.       