I do not believe that distance learning from home is a beneficial option for students as it does not allow students to interact with real teachers and peers like in the real world. School is a way for students to learn through experiences with teachers, classes, and students that will better prepare them for when they are eventually released into the real world with a job.

Attending classes from home deprives kids of acquiring specific social skills needed to adapt in the adult world. Typically, when you get your first job it is in some sort of office or workplace that requires you to deal with co-workers, bosses, and customers. Furthermore, when a student is used to working at home through "distance learning", they do not have the same social skills as those who actually went to school. For example, if a child who attended classes from home were to get a job that required teamwork, it would be difficult for the child to connect with others on the job. Another issue that could be presented is if there were a job that required employees to interact and connect with customers. Those who attended classes from home would be lacking in this skill of connecting with customers, which could harm their ability to do their job to the fullest.

Attending school comes with the additional formation of day to day life skills such as time management and establishing connections with peers and teachers through the classroom, clubs, or other activities. Distance learning is unable to provide students of these exact skills as students to do not have to arrive at the school itself by a specific time, switch classes in time, or work out how to balance attending school with other activities. The dreaded sound of the first bell, initiating the start to the day and notifying students who did not arrive on time that they are officially tardy, is something students apart of distance learning will not be able to experience. While, this may seem like a good thing, it is a crucial part in adapting the skill of time management. In the real world, every job has a certain start time where employees must arrive or begin working. For instance, in a job that requires the attendance of meetings, one cannot continuously show up late as there are now other people being impacted by one's irresponsibility or lack of time management. Additionally, students learning from home cannot establish strong bonds with their peers or teachers that can impact them later in life. There is often stories told about how a specific teacher impacted a student's life and helped to better their experience in school. While distance learners are still interacting with their teachers, it is online or through video conferencing, lacking the actual social connection needed to form such bonds.

Learning from home may have it's complications with developing social connections, lacking skills found necessary for students later on in life, and the trouble with forming day to day life skills such as time management. However, attending classes from home may provide more of a comfort to students who prefer to be independent and in a comfortable environment when learning. Students could accomplish more work and understand lessons better when the pressure of being surrounded by peers and teachers luring over them is taken away. This could also help to instill better worth ethic within such students as they must learn to take on lessons and work while at home, which takes responsibility and the drive to accomplish tasks or homework given.

I do not believe that distance learning from home is a beneficial option for students as it does not allow students to interact with real teachers and peers like in the real world. School provides many opportunities for students to adapt life skills necessary for the real world. Online school lacks these opportunities and therefore gives distance learners the lower hand in developing skills such as time management and the formation of social connections between peers and teachers that will later be mimicked in the work force. 