Why would you possibly want to ask more than one person for advice? Well, most times when making a hard decision, you'll want to talk to more than one person about it. That's because you get to hear their opinions, which helps your mind choose the best one, create more possible reasons, and then limit it down to the best one.

First of all, when making decisions and asking for advice, you'll want to ask more than just one person. That's because you don't want to hear just one opinion because that might make you feel pressure to do whatever that person suggested. Not everyone's feedback that you receive will necessarily be great, but it may still help. Sometimes it may even be the opposite. That's why you need to collect as many opinions as you can so that you will have options to choose from so that you can decide on the best one. However, as long as you get more than one, you'll be good. When going around and asking people, you might want to ask someone a lot older and smarter than you because they've been here longer than you and may have experienced the reason why you are asking.

Another thing you should consider when asking for advice is that you'll be getting a tone of opinions so that later you can think about which one you should use to help solve your problem. Having those extra opinions on advice can benefit you in making a better choice. Depending on what advice you're asking for, it's probably best if you ask someone who has either been in the same situation as you or someone that's older and wiser and knows a lot about how to deal with problems. That way they can help you with handling the situation you're in in the best possible way and help you decide what to do about it.

Lastly, once you have all your options, you need to go back through them and choose the best one that you think will help you with your situation. Each opinion will be very different so you have to be able to pick out the one that will best suite you and will give you the best outcome to solve the problem in your situation.

Therefore, you should always talk to more than one person when seeking advice because if you ask the right person, you'll be able to get the best advice to receive the greatest outcome that will solve your problem. In that process you will also learn from the mistakes that you made along the way to help prevent them from happening again in the future.    