All around the world, cars have influence our lives for the good or for the bad. Whether that is getting people to their jobs or getting into an accident. Cars have altered our lives and are doing it constantly. Although for a century cars have benefited humans greatly, cars have negative effects and banning cars can help decrease the pollution all over the world, it saves the little resoucers the planet has, and car accidents will occure less.

To elaborate more, countries all over the world are trying new ways to decrease the air pollution as much as possible, whether that is banning cars or restricting them. In Vauban, German cars are restricted and if you have a car it is very expensive to use. In Vauban, 70 percent of families do not have cars, and inorder to move in to the town 57 percent sold their cars. The idea of resticted areas are getting big ,and for Vuaban has 5,500 residents, that shows that people like the idea and will support it. People in the town have claim to enjoy it alot and are happier. In Paris, France their idea to help low the pollutin in the air was to have specific licenses plats restricted on certain days of the week. France had very bad smog and within 5 days the smog decrease 60 percent. In Bogota, Columbia they had similar goals as other countries like Germany. Carlos Arturo Plaza said,"It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."  In Europe cars make up 12 percent of the greenhouse gas and air pollution. In the United States Americans are driving less and the pollution in the air is decreaseing, benefiting the enviroment. Throughout the world, countries are tring to help the world, by decreasing the pollution.

Moreover, throughout the century cars have been using non renewable resoucers and now that alot of the people have cars, it has taken a toll on the enviroment. The world has only so much resoucers and once its gone it is gone, it takes time for them to come back and it willl not be in our life time. Using these resoucers have a negative effect they emit carbon in to the atmosphere creating greenhouse gas, that is bad. saving the resoucers and not using them can help with keeping the atmopshere cleaner.

Now people are banning and restricting cars for various reasons, but one reason is that for the past century cars have killed alot of people. It is one of the top reasons for deaths  in the United States and possibly in the world. If banning cars can save thousands of lifes why not do it. Banning cars or restricting cars means less cars which can result to less car accidents. Having less accidents results to less people getting hurt and potenially dying. Less cars can also mean that the goverment does have to focuse on roads and stuff like that ,but can focuse on improving the safty of the people on the sidewalks or at playgrounds. the funds can go to better causes.

The world we live has changed enormously and now inorder to save the plant and the people in it, we must make changes as a society, inorder to live long and healthy. Banning cars might be one of the many choices we must make inorder to live. Banning cars can help decrease the greenhouse gases, conserve the resoucers, and less people will die from car accidents. Who knows cars may be a thing in the past int he next decade or two.               