Often times it is hard to make decisions. Looking at all the options in different ways is an effective way to assess what the right choice is, but at times it's difficult to make those decisions alone. It's best to get the most advice possible, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. People's advisory can influence someone to make the best possible decision and recieving feedback from more than one person is critical to this process. When seeking advice, talking to more than one person helps you know what all the options are.

The best possible choice may not even be the one that benefits you the most. People tend to do things that benefit them the most instead of knowing how there decisions can affect others. When others give you advice, they are expressing their viewpoints. When making a deicision, people usually don't think how it might affect others, what is usually pondered is how they will be affected, but it's essentail that you know others viewpoints. In order to make a good decision, you need to know what the options are. When asking multiple people what their opinion is, they will give you an option. Asking multiple people for advice will give you a number of different options and knowing all the options will make it easier for you to make the right decision. Finding the best option that gives the most benefits without harming anyone will be easy to find because you can compare all the options given by your friends, family, teacher, etc. Asking a lot of people for advice will give you a variety of decisions to choose from, yet not everyone's advice can be equally considered as others. It's important to ask the right people for advice.

Some advisors may be more credible than others. It's good to get the opinions from multiple people, but it's also very important that you take in account the people you are asking. The advice from a friend will most likely not be as dependable as the advice from an adult. An adult will better proccess the information and are more matured than kids. In addition, one of the people that is giving you advice might be bias. This is why it's good to ask multiple people because one person may be giving you advice to somehow benefit them, or benefit something or someone they like. What if your mom said that if you didn't pass a class you would be grounded. You had a final test that determines your grade for the marking period. You didn't study enough for the test and your friends sees you studying during lunch. He asks you why you are studying and you explain to him that if you don't pass the test you will not have a passing grade and you will be grounded. You and your friend were going to have a sleepover that weekend. Your friend says to copy his answers on the test so you can pass. This example shows how credibility is very critical in the person that's giving you advice. The friend is biased and is giving you bad advice in order for you to have a sleepover with him, which he would benefit from. Having a lot of opinions that agrees with you gives you support.

People ask multiple people for advice because they need clarification. Even if someone thinks that they are doing the right thing, it's human nature to ask others what they think. Having someone else agree with you will strengthen your confidence and will make you certain that you are right. People will ask muliple people

"Is this the right thing to do?"

and "You would do the same, right?" to make sure that they know that what they are doing is correct. For these reasons, people get as many opinions as they can so they can make the best decision.

It's always best to ask multiple people for advice because it will help you know what all the options are, some people's advice may be more credible and better than others, some opinions may not be based on the situation, but may be because that person has a bias, etc. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Most people are not great at making difficult decisions, but recieving advice can help you analyze the situation and choose the best possible option. 