If we limit car usage there would be less pollution, we would save thousands of dollars, and it would inprove our safety. So if you really think about it, less usage of cars would be a great impact for us in a good sense.

For starters, experts say we have to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes..passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the U.S. Our planet is already polluted enough..why add more to it. For example; diesel trucks make up 67% of vechicles in France..which then adds more smog. In addition, Paris has more smog than othe European capitals. Once Paris had 147 microgrmas of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London, Reuters found. In the city of Bagota, Colombia their goal was to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog, violaters faced a $25 fine.

Futhermore, not only would there be less pollution..but we would save thousands of dollars..on gas and insurance. Gas is one of the most important things for a car, it makes it function. But also we would be fine if we didnt have it, mainly because we would save hundreds of dollars a month. The average cost for a gallon of gas is $3.70. Not only gas but insurance and repair jobs. Insurance is as expensive as it is when you wreck your car, if you're lucky enough your insurance could possibly pay for it depending whos fault it was who caused the accident.

In conclusion, at the Mobile World Congress last year in Barcelona, Spain, Bill Ford, excutive chairman of the Ford motor Company..laid out a bussiness plan, he proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in pedestrian, bicycles, public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emmisions and impove safety. So therefore safety is the #1 for most companies.

To sum things up we would have less pollution, save money, and our safety would be guarented. Those are the great advanatges of having our usage of cars be limited.                                    