Driverless cars seem like a neat and fun idea but they are not as great as they seem. Driverless cars can be dangerous and are not more efficient then a normal car. These cars seem to have many good things about them but actually have plenty of negative effects. The diverless cars ahould not be developed.

Driverless cars are not practical because the cars are not 100% driverless. The driverless cars can only be alone in 25 mph conditions. The car also can not be alone in traffic or near construction. As stated in paragraph 7 "the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." The human in the car can not even relax while the car drives itself because he/she must still watch the road and be ready to drive when the car can not. Then the driver will be nervous waiting for their turn to drive when it is time. The driver will just feel much more stressed. Is it not better for the driver to just drive at all times and avoid stress about getting on the wheel on time?

Some might say that the driverless cars are great because you are much safer in them. These cars have a lot of new and smart technology that helps in making a car trip much safer for the driver and its passengers. Also it alows the driver to multitask while the car drives. Drivers can be on their phones or finish up their hair and/or makeup. When the driver is in a tough situation they can just let their cars get through it and take back the wheel whenever he/she is ready..

The driverless cars are not as safe as they seem with all its technology. The number one reason people get into car crashes is because they were distracted ,usally by their phones and encouriging drivers to be on their phones in a "driverless " car is very dangerous. With these new cars it will be very hard to try and even multitask. Since they are not self-efficient the driver must pay attention to the road at all times ,therefore making it very hard to safetly turn around and do something else. Drivers when trying to do something ,in a hurry will have to leave what they are doing to attend to the wheel when the car can no longer drive. Since the car will only be able to drive in specific conditions the driver must attend to the wheel constantly.

The driverless cars are in fact not so "driverless" and beat their own and only purpose. These cars have many negative sides to them and should definitely not take the place of normal and safe cars. Driverless cars should not be developed by car manufacturers!