I remember when asking in math class on how to do something and if there are other ways to do it and feeling the movement of my pencil and hearing on what it had to say when being written down. What is happening there is that I knew one way to do it but I wanted to know if there was other ways to do it. And if so which way I pick would be the easier way for me to get my answer for that type of problem. When seeking multiple opinion it can help someone make a better choice because it can help them lead in to a better option and help them show different ways on how to do something.

First reason on when seeking multiple opinion to make a person choice better is because it can help them lead into a better choice. When answering question on paper people may ask the teacher to ask to help them or a friend to help them with it. For example, when I don't know something I ask a friend or my teacher to help me lead to a better choice for that problem. So when people have math class they might ask a question if they can help the or a friend to dot he same. For example, when I in math class and some of friends who don't get it, I tell them the way to do it and lead them in the way to the right answer.

Second reason when seeking multiple opinion to help someone make a better choice is because it can help them show different ways to do it. When doing math there can be different ways on how to do something like your times table. For example, When I do my times table I just know it but for other I would use a calculator for it or just do it myself. Another way in math is when you divide because just like you when you times something there are different ways on how to do something. For example, in math I just know it but if I don't then I use a calculator to help me with that question.

In conclusion, when seeking multiple opinion it can help someone by making a better choice because it can show them different ways on how to do it and lead them to a better option. Just like when I was in math feeling that the way I knew was to hard I found a different one and made my life easier. An when seeking multiple option it can help you thing differently, and if knowing if there are other ways to do something. Just like when you are in math learning the other ways to do something or by show a friend the easier for you that you use. By that that just show that mulitlple option can help you or someone else to make the better choice.