The author seems to be engaged in the idea of exploring Venus. But, Venus is a very dangerous place. It is very hot, and it has very strong winds. It is also mostly Carbon Dioxide, which is deadly to humans if too much of it is inhaled. But, despite all of that, the author believes it is worth a chance giving it a deeper look.

It was said earlier on in the article that no space probe has landed on venus in nearly three decades. We got close, we explored the outside of venus to get a good look at it's yellow color, but its been awhile since we struck ground on the deadly planet. They say that Venus is Earth-like. For example, it is said that Venus is home to craters, valleys, mountains, etc.. Just like here on Earth. The Grand Canyon, Death Valley, Mount Everest, Mount Fuji, are all examples of what we have on Earth that could be similar to what is on Venus. If Venus is as hot as it is, there are probably volcanoes located somewhere on Venus, if not all over.

Which brings back the point that the author believes that it is worth studying Venus depsite the dangers. We would never know for sure what is on Venus if it goes without studying. The Earth-like structure is more or less a belief. Plus, if no probe has landed on the surface of Venus in three decades, then Venus could've changed massively and we wouldn't know how much of a change it has because we can't land on Venus. It isn't our fault that we can't land though, as Venus' clouds are very thick. The atmosphere itself is very thick on Venus, which makes it harder for exploration to occur. It was said probes can't last for more than a few hours.

The point is, if we can't explore Venus we may not truly know what lies beneath the clouds. The author believes that the exploration of Venus is worth pursuing even though it is dangerous. They believe that we should explore Venus. In paragraph 8, the author says, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." That is a powerful quote. It shows that we, as humans should not let fears get in the way of exploring to open up our imagination. The author is syaing that we shouldn't not explore Venus because of the dangers, but that we should continue exploring. We shouldn't let dangers and doubts limit our exploration. Our travels should instead be expanded because of imagination. Imagination goes a long way, and if we can get past these dangers, and explore Venus, then we can get to the edge of imagination. But, we can extend that imagination, and take exploration further. This goes not only for the exploration of Venus, but for any person in general. Don't let dangers and doubts stop you from seeing your imagination through, in some cirumstances. If it is very dangerous then it's not safe, but in a situation like this, we go unmanned.

And so, we should explore Venus. The author thinks that explortion is a worthy pursui despite the dangers because of imagination and innovation.

In conclusion, Venus is, well hard to explore due to the dangers it presents. Thick atmosphere made almost entirely of carbon Dioxide. Storms and strong winds. Extreme heat. However, the author believes that we shouldn't let those dangers stop us. We shouldn't let the dangers of Venus stop our exploration forever. Instead, the author thinks that we should instead be powered by imagination and innovation to explore Venus. Let our ideas and our minds take us into a world we have yet to uncover. We have uncovered some of Venus, but not much. It has been 30 years since we landed an unmanned spacecraft on Venus. The author thinks that we should let our ideas fuel the engine that explores Venus. And uncover some of its secrets that were hiding from us all along. 