Ancient civilizations like Rome, Egypt, and Greece have all had something in common that allowed them to survive through the ages and leave their imprint in history. Education and learning has been at the base of every society as it's important to always be progressing; even education itself has progressed through out time. Great thinkers like Plato and Arestotle influenced the discussions of many and continue to do so; however, knowledge is more accesible now and is regarded as a necessity for the masses in most countries. A way that schools are reaching more students is by taking advantage of technology. Online classes and video conferenicng has become increasingly popular. Although it's dangerous to rely so heavily on technology, online school and video conferenicng is a positive thing as many adults who wish to seek higher education ,but are too busy, use this method, people with anxiety issues can learn from the safety of their homes, and it can even be used as a backup plan for when there is a hinderance in the physical school.

Most people are engulfed by their day to day life and responsibilties like their jobs and families. By taking advanatge of online courses and video conferencing, these adults are able to fufill their duties as well as work torwards their goals! A common demographic that uses this method is teachers! While most attend college for four years and get certified in order to enter the work force faster, some decide to persue a higher degree such as a masters or even a Phd. However, not everyone has that luxury. A higher degree typically means higher pay, which incentivizes these proffesionals to enroll in classes. Even more important are classes that work around their schedule. All while working for a better future such as the Physics, AP US history, and other teachers here at Generic_School.

While conserving time and energy is important, conserving mental health is just as critical. There is a high statistic of students that suffer from anxiety, depression, and bullying. These conditions can put a damper on grades and social life, not to mention self esteem. These issues are not new, except now students have an alternative. Mental health has been increasinly gaining traction in schools as they try to make the students feel safer, although it's not always effective. A well known youtuber named Antonio Garza has talked about her struggles in high school, such as a lack of motivation to do anything, usually asscociated with depression, and the anxiety of being in a room where they are being judged. By choosing to leave daily public high school in favor of online courses, she has been able to feel more liberated and reduced their anxiety that comes as a result of large groups. Many teenagers and adults alike can relate to these problems personally.

Traditional school that takes place is a physical building is preferred by many, but what happens when the physical building is not available or being avoided? Covid-19, better known as the Corona Virus, has paralyzed the world, specially east asian countries. School children are being told not to come to school for their own safety. The World Health organization cannot be sure of when this ordeal will be over; thus, immobilizing the education system for an unknown period of time. Thankfully, there are many apps and programs that schools have been using to keep the lessons afloat. Video conferencing and virtual worksheets have made this time of distress feel relatively normal to school children all throughout the affected regions, until it can actually go back to normal.

From the distant times of Plato and Arestotle to the common era, learning has always been placed on a pedestal. New forms and methods of education are always being born. A popular option being online classes and conferencing which have already made a difference for adults and teenagers alike in time management, accomodation for mental health, as well as a rampant illness right now. While technology is a good thing, it's important to acknowledge too much of anything can be intoxicating. Overall, school systems and people everywhere can benefit from these ingenious programs! 