Dear, State Senator

This is a letter to argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College."There are many reasons to keep the Electoral College" one reason is because it is widely regarded as an anachronism, a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible, but it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote, and the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virue of the mal apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution.

I am in favor of keeping the Electoral College because,it is widely regarded as an anachronism. A non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the canaditdate who receives the most populare votes the winner. The advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a method sense.It is the electors who elect the the president ,not the people. But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed).

Another, reason I am in favor of keeping the Electoral College is because, a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible. But it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. But it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning canadate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote.

Last but not least, I am in favor of keeping the Electoral College is because,

the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virue of the mal apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution. A larger state gets more attintion from presidential canadidates in a campaign than a small state does. It can be argued that Electoral College methods of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canadidates who has no hope of carrying their state. But of  course no voter's vote swings a national election, and in spite of that, about 1/2 the eligible American population did vote in the [2012's] election.

From, PROPER_NAME            