out with the old and in with the new. "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." - "the Indefensable Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" from

Mother Jones by Bradford Plumer. The Electoral College needs to be replaced it has too much room for failure, manipulation,and its loose guidelines allow unfair representation.

The Electoral College has too much room for failure considering the only guidlines for electors are those that are not holding office and depending on the state electors are chosen in various ways. the garuntee that electors will vote in favor of majority vote of their state is not garunteed. "The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a comprimse...The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meetin of the electorswhere they vote for

President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by congress." - "What Is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register.

The Electoral College allows room for manipulation and as cited in "The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong" as "the single best argument against the

Electoral College" would be the disaster factor described as the thing that the american people should consieder themselves lucky didnt happen. The articles asks the reader to "consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." Citing an event in 1960 where louisiana attempted to replace electors with others that would vote in their favor and John Kennedy would not have won popular vote. In the event of a tie the election will be passed to the House of Representatives, because each state only gives one vote allowing states with meager population to have the same holding as states that represent millions upon millions and given the information that voters may vote one party to president and another for congress, the house's selection can hardly be reminiscent of the choices of the people that each one person represents.

The Electoral College is unfair because the candidatesknow which states will vote for them and which states definately wont and the ones that they might be able to find their way in favor. for example in "the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all"-The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong. jeopardising the validity of the entire capaign by putting the votes in the hands of swing voters to see who wins favor with visits to poor elementary schools and weak middle school student council campaigning by promising free ice cream and kissing babies.

The Electoral College needs to be thrown out there is no fixing what is already widely regarded as an anachronism. the Electoral College is a flawed system and maybe in some utopia it might work but not in america it wont there is too much at stake to keep trying to mske it work                                                                                                                                    