Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

In my position I think it's a great idea to attend classes from home only if you work, or if you can handle any type of work by yourself without a person that will persuade you to do the work, and if you know English perfect.

I think that some students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Because for some students it's difficult to wake up early because some students who work on

Part-times, and some students don't want to wake up early, or they go to bed late for playing games on their phones.

Secondly. I think that some students might benefit from this program if they can handle any type of work independently without a teacher or any person persuading them to do the work, because some students are smart and they like to work independently, in silence, without people disturbing thems or without too much explanations.

Also. I think that the only students that can understand any work and can only attend classes from home, are those who knows English Perfect, because if you know English perfect then you can work in any topic or subject without the help of anybody, If you are a Hispanic born in other country then this program it can work for some Hispanic students because they are used to get everything easy, to get what they want without making a effort.

In the other hand, I think that this program it won't help to those students who distract easy or those who don't do work without any person who will persuade them to do the work, because there are students who likes everything easy, students who don't want to make an effort, this program it won't work to those students who don't like to study, to those who have only F on their classes or those who are skipping, or not going to school.

In conclusion I think this program can only help those students who can handle any kind of work without the help of any person. and for those students who have dreams, those who makes a effort to get what it can help thems in the future, for those that knows that life it's not easy, to those students that know that if you don't work for it you won't get what you want on life. those students who can handle any kind of work without the help of any person.