Do you think its time to get rid of Electoral College? Or change to election by popular vote for the presdient of the United States?

An Electoral College constist of 538 electors but a majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. To win so easily by just getting Electoral votes just seems really unfair. We should change to election by popular vote for the president of United States because it seems like a more fair challenge to earn the title of President of the United States.

Each candidate running for presdient in your state has his or her own group of electors. The electors are generaly chosen by the candidates poltical party, but state laws vary on how the electors are slected and what their responsibillites are.

What the electoral college system does is you dont vote for the president, you vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. As an example of Electoral college system , Stated in paragraph 10 "If you lived in Texas, for instance, And wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, You'd vote for slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to kerry. On the off-change that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to cocngress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes". The electors can be anyone not holding a public office.

That just doesnt sound fair to win an election just by having more electoral votes, when you have less popular votes.

Basically the Electoral College is unfair to voters, because of the winnter-take-all ssytem in each state. Candidates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. 25 if the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the prsidency in the hands of a few swing voters Ohio, They have yet to make it.

The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It doesnt make sense to have such a thing for out presidents. They should win by popular votes because it will be fair to let out people choose who should win not only

270 electoral votes, out of thousands of people that want to vote normally.    