''When people ask for advice they sometimes talk to more than one person." I think that the reason why people don't ask only one person for advice is that it gives you a chance picking more than one advice.

The thing I learned is sometimes whne people give you advice some people say it for their own good or either for their own bad. They say it for their own good because that person wants you to make good choices in life. The other people say it for their own bad so they can see you makke bad choices in life and see you not doing well. It's always going to be that good or bad advice to choice from. To make good choices you have to pick the good advice that the person gave you because they said it for their own good.

Not all the time people got the same opinion on things sometimes they have different opinions on the advice. You'll ask different people on advice and you will get either a bad one or a good opinion on the advice. Good opinons for the advice will always end up making you make good chocies in life or the road your walking in. The good opinions is for them to see you doing good things. The good opinions are always the good ones for you to choice from.

The other one is when you ask someone their are always people that got to say something about you. You never know what somebody got to say about the advice your asking for. They might judge you for asking for some type of advice. Some people always got good or bad opinions of you. People would judge for seeing you doing better because you went for a good advice.

A good reason why you should ask a couple people for advice is that you will always end up picking good choices. The more good choices you pick it would cause you walk in a good road. That's why you should ask more than one person to give you great advice. For example, say that you ask one person to give you advice and say that the advice they gave you wasn't great and you can't do noting about it , that's why it is important asking couple people for advice because asking only one person won't be great. That's why people always end up asking more than one person for advice for their own good.\

Lastly people asking for advice they would be expecting a good advice. For example, say that I ask a couple of friends for advice about soccer, I would be expecting a good advice not a bad one. As humans we always expect something great not bad. The people you should be asking for advice would be the ones who already expeirment it while going through it. You can ask someone who didn't went through but they might give you advice but it won't be great one.

In conclusion, it is always a good idea asking more than one person for advice. That would be for your own good and cause you make good choices.