Dear,  Florida State Senator

The United States has been a country of freedom since July 4, 1776. Its been a country of laws and being equal since the start.

Presidents are elected every four years. They are elected by the people of the United States. People who elect electors, who some go to the House of Representatives. The United States also consist in states. States that lead to division. That division can be use against or with the people of the US. What many people are fighting about is the system that we get to elect our future Presidents. W hen in reality, half of the people on that side of the agruement have no clue what they are even talking about. In the state of Florida, are many people from all over the nation. People that should be educated on the way this wonderful country is taken care of. The United States should be in favor of keeping the Electoral College because it is accurate, competive and reasonable.

The Electoral College is accurate by many different ways. An example is, when states vote on who the Untied States next president might be it always shows a percentage. The canditates in congress can see what they didn't really work their issues in. Which can give them an idea on what they need to improve on with that state if they make it to be a president. The Electoral College is accurate also  by how simple it is. Simple as in that it is either a yes or a no if they make it to the next round. Having that simple yes or no can time and money.

A competive trait that the Electoral College has is another main reason why the US should keep it. The Untied States is made on states and having individuality. If the United States didn't have that there wouldn't be no Bill of Rights to beging with. Different people in Electoral College as electors are always good to have. They are good to have because they see a different perspective of what needs improvement in the United States. If the President has that trait of being a different person in the government and improves the United States, there wouldn't many main issues with the Unites States.

Being reasonable in the United States is very important. Especailly when it comes to the elections. The Electoral College looks at what peron can qualify to vote. A citizen of the United States is the only person who is allowed to vote. Terrible tings can happen if that wasn't the case. For example, almost a whole country comes over to the United States, and they get to vote without citizenship. They vote someone who is also not a naturalized citizen of the United States and take over this country. That is a worse case scenario of what could happen.

The Electoral College is a way or system that the United Sates has always followed when electing a president. The United States should be in favor of keeping the Electoral College. They should keep it because it is accurate, competive, and reasonable.                    