As technology continues to advance and new programs are designed, there are many new ways to learn online. These avenues have developed to the point where some claim that they can achieve or even surpass the level of teaching that may be given in a classroom setting. Since most students don't enjoy attending class, this has been seen as a potential alternative throughout the college and high school levels. The students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it affords them ease of access, reduced stress, and lower costs of schooling.

The ease of access granted to students when the classes are at home could allow for more freedoms and the ability to carryout addtional activities outside of school. Students who live in rural areas or regions where travel may be difficult and time costly would be able to achieve as much learning as a classroom without the lost time trying to simply get to the school to begin learning. The timed gained by online classes could be utilized for students to join a sports program, help their families, or potentially land a job. Additionally, with the travel time eliminated, students would have additional time to sleep, which could lead to higher scores and better learning retention. While some students might not fully maximize the potential of the new time given to them, it would still afford them the opportunity to expand their horizons in other ways outside of school.

Students would benefit from online classes because it could help reduce potential stressors that they may encounter at school. For some students, the forced social aspect of school causes immense stress and anxiety throughout the school day, which could inhibit them from properly retaining the information being taught or the directions being given. However, if these students were able to study from home, they would be able to focus soley on the lesson plan without any additional distractions. Another example could be the reduction of opportunities for bullying to occur. Without having in-person classes, the physical aspect of bullying could be eliminated from the school system and help reduce the stresses students often carry from this issue.

Lastly, the overall cost of schooling would likely be reduced if students were able to attend from home. If students were all studying from home, the need for the school buildings and their subsequent costs could be eliminated. Additionally, the salaries required for the teacher staff could also be reduced due to the reduction of time spent teaching and the easier methods to reach a larger student body. These lowered costs could open possibilities for students who might not be able to typically afford the schooling, specifically in college level courses. While some might argue that the costs to obtain the technology necessary to attend online classes might still prove to be too much for some families, the school system could still finance those who truly need support, and it would still be a much lower cost than facillitating an entire school building.

As technology continues to advance, students should be able to take advantage of such improvements and take online classes in order to achieve more outside of school, reduce their stress, and be able to afford their desired schools. Some critics to this idea have stated that the value of a face to face education where questions can be asked and answers can be quickly given will be lost with the online system. However this is not true, because the new technology allows for conference calls between students and teachers that can afford them the opportunity to ask questions and receieve answers in a timely fashion. Online classes have excellent potential, and students should be able to utilize such potential to achieve their goals. 