Would you rather have a very well educated teacher make your summer project, or a non-educated student make it for you. Most schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their summer break. Some people believe these projects should be teacher-designed, but many think that they should be student-designed projects. In my opinion, the teachers should be making these projects for the student so they can get ready for the next level of education. Personally I think that teachers can make better projects than students, also the students dont understand what's happening in higher education classes.

I think teachers can make better projects than the students can. The teachers are very well educated in what they teach and should be able to make a neat project for the students to make during the summer. If the project were to be student-designed, I think that it would be very sloppy and confusing for the students trying to learn the information.

The students would not be able to understand what is happening in the next level of education. When I am going from one math to the next, I like to have a head start, I always watch teacher tutorials on the basics of the class, If I can only understand the basics of the class then I need to learn more of the information, I would rather have a teacher help me learn the information rather than a student who has not mastered the information yet.

One may argue that self teaching is the best form of teaching. They would also agree That this project should be student-designed. Even though self teaching is a very good way to learn information, I believe that learning from someone that has mastered the information and teaches it every single year is way better and easier for the student trying to learn the information.

Therefore, I think a teacher-designed project would help both the teacher and the student. So what, would your rather have a very well educated teacher make your summer assignment, or a non-educated student attempt to make a project for you.