In recent years, many students have chosen to attend classes at home rather than a traditional classroom. This method of education is called distance learning. When a student is distance learning, they learn the material that is taught in a classroom, but they are in the comfort of their own home. The students have two options to chose from in distance learning: attend the classes online or participate in video conferencing. Video conferencing is when a student watches a class or a teacher to learn or study. Students benefit from distance learning because they can learn at their own pace and the comfort of their home surroundings will help them to focus.

All students learn at different paces. One student may be excellent in one subject, but terrible in another, or, they could be great in a subject overall, but not in a certain topic within that subject. For example, a student could have high grades in geometry, but have low grades on the Pythagorean theorem topic within geometry. When a student is in a classroom and requires assistance with an assignment, the teacher would have to halt the lesson to help the individual student rather than the entire class. Although, when a student is being taught in their home, they can pause, repeat, read, take notes, or use other methods of study that would interrupt a classroom without disturbing any other individuals.

In addition to the individual being capable of getting assistance or studying without disturbing an entire class, the comfort and familiarity of their home will improve their focus. They will not be distracted by something that is unusual to them at home as they would in a classroom because they see it every day. The students have less distractions and can easily avoid them at home. Although, in a traditional classroom, there are usually students who are friends that like to have conversations with each other. This is affects the individual negatively because they cannot study before, during, or after lessons without getting distracted. In the students home, there are less individuals to distract them. In addition to there being less distractions, the student's home is a safe zone for them. Students feel more comfortable at home because they are not around multiple individuals that they are not acquainted with.

Teachers may argue that distance learning is not an adequate method of education because the student will not be completing their assignments due to the lack of authority. Although, this is incorrect because the initial reason that a student does not complete assignments is because they are rushed in other classes. Being rushed in other classes results in having more work to complete, therefore, they may not have enough time to complete all of their assignments. When students work at home, they have more time and flexibility to complete their school work and are more capable of understanding the topics they must learn. In addition, a student views their parents to have more authority than teachers. Therefore, distance learning is a better option for students than a traditional classroom.

States should require all schools to have the option of distance learning available to the students. In addition, instead of issuing textbooks to students who would like to participate in distance learning, schools should issue laptops or tablets for the school year to help more students become able to participate.                        