Have you ever had a promblem you didn't know how to solve? Well I know I did... Many times. One way you may be able to sole your promblem is to seek advise. Everybody seeks advise from many people for one main reason. That reason being, they want to know the people they trusts opinion. They then, listen to many peoples oppinions on how to solve there promblem. Then choose the best solution to solve there promblem in they're opinon. We go to friends,family,loved ones to help us figure out how to fix what went wrong.

One reason we go to friends to help us solve our problems is becuase they have a diffrent outlook on us and our promblems. Friends look and see things differently then our families do. Friends are always a good way to find advise but also, you have your family. Our family is supposed to be there to help us with anything no mater what. We want know how they would solve this promblem themselves. We expect family and friends to know how to help us figure out what to do.

We get different oppinions because we want to know how our loved ones would solve it. We like to know everyones oppinion so we see all the possible ways to solve our problem. We want to know how diffrent people see how to solve our probmlems so we can see all the diffrent ways to solve our promblem as well. We trust them to help us make the desision on how to fix the promblem. Although we also expect ourselves to make the right decicion to help fix our promblem. The reason we want all the possible solutions is there are many different veiwpoints on the promblem possibly. All people think differently so seeing peoples different sides of things really seems to help us to solve the promblem.

Once me and my sister, Generic_Name got into an argument becuase I took her ast piece of gum and she got mad. We both were really upset but then I went and asked my sister how to fix the promblem she suggested I go talk to Generic_Name and make her a note of me applogizing. Then, I went to ask my mom what to do to help get Generic_Name to not be mad at me anymore, and she said I should get Generic_Name a new pack of gum and apologize. My Dad said "you should make it up to her by going outside to play with her." After some thinking I decided to use my Moms advise. So later that evening, my Mom went and picked out her favorite gum and gave it to me to give to Generic_Name. I gave the gum to Generic_Name and appolgized and she forgave me.

In conclusion there are many ways to solve you promblem. You should always seek advise from those who know you best. Family and friends could really help solve your promblem. There is always something you can do to try to help solve the issue. Talking to many people about what your promblem is and how to fix it can really benefit you and who ever or whatever the promblem is. 