I agree that the option the some schools are offering is very beneficial for students, which is the distance learning option. Distance learning is being explained in the prompt it says "distance learning is an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing". I think that this option that some schools offer to their students benefits them in many ways. For example the food and transportation are tow big things that some students worry about. This essay will contain the benefits that this option will provide and some of them might apply to you

Some benefits that students will have being in this program are the food and transportation. Let's say that a middle school students always have problems with transportation because their parents work and he have to wait thirty minutes after school everyday, in this case this option that the school offers will be beneficial for him. Another thing is the food. There are some students that do not like food from school some of them bring their own food but some of them opt for not eating anything the whole day. Last year I had a friends that never ate at school because they did not like the food. This option will be beneficial for students like my friends because when you take classes from your own home your are not force to eat something you really do not want.

The benefits that you get does not end there. We all as student had struggle at least once trying to find what cloth to use the next day and if you do not find what you are looking for you might have to go out and wash cloth or use for second time and no body likes that. Well taking this option that the school offers you will not have to worry about that and you can use the same cloth you had when you woke up in the morning. Another thing are the uniforms because not every school let you use the cloth you want. When a school require uniforms you have to use it like or not. By taking the option that the school offers you benefits you in the way because buying a required uniform that you do not want is a waste of money that could have being wasted in cloth that will really going to use. This where tow more benefits that might apply to you.

There still one more benefit and is the liberty to choose whether to do things or not because of the free time you will have by taking this option. Like for example let's say that you are in high school and you like sports but you want to work you will have to choose one of them because school consume a lot of time. In my case I am a senior now and I stopped to play basketball which is my favorite sports to start working because being in school take a lot of time. Taking classes at home take less time than being in school and you could do both things if you want to which are to work, sports or just to do whatever thing you want to do.

Concluding my response regarding to this topic my thoughts are that this option benefits students in many ways.

By taking this option you will not have to worry anymore of transportation, food, or making the things you like the most. Like for example you do not have to decide whether to practice your favorite sport or having a job. As you can see above I talk about some benefits that you should consider by taking this option and that might apply for some students.           