In a world where driverless cars are becoming more and more of a reality, the worse the option of driverless cars seem. The cars are not driverless, but more like driver assisted. Laws would have to be put in place or drastically changed to allow these cars on the road. Finding out who the problem of the accident when one happens would be a catastropy for the police and insurance agencies. Accidents caused by distractions would be wide spread.

In this entire article the fact that the "self driving" cars are not self driving is very present. There are some cars that need the passenger of the car to pay attention to the road more than others. This attentiveness that is required defeats the purpose of driverless cars. Some cars required more interaction than others. The BMW "Traffic Jam Assistant" requires the driver to constantly hold on to the steering wheel. In the acticle it even states that the cars cannot get themselves through sticky situation such as work zones or accidents. Other cars such as the Google car that use radar and sensors to replicate the car's surroundings are reliable on how the driver drove, and might be prone to malfunction causing accidents to happen.

Once the boredom of not driving your car for the full time takes you away from the road you can become distracted. One BMW car even offers a built-in entertainment system that would distract the driver. Everyone has seem what happens when drivers become distracted now with the effects of texting and driving, imagine what would happen if the driver totally didn't have their eyes on the road. Whenever that replication fails or the driver gets distracted, the car would crash, and there would be a huge legal mess. Police officers and insurance agencies would be deamed the task of trying to find whose fault the accident is. Laws would be put in place after months if not years of debates on how these laws should work, and who to blame. This would take the attention away from more important topics that may need fixed sooner than later.

The "self driving" car debate is a prime example of "don't fix it if it isn't broke". As evident in this article the cons heavily out-weigh the few pros that can be observed. The social and economic change on our world would be one that could impact everyone for the negative, as stocks would fall, tax dollars would be wasted, and car prices would majorly increase. "Self-driving" cars should be left as they are seem in the past, a figure of our imagination, that would only be in place in utopian societies.