On a daily basis majority of humans operate on a cell phone which is normal and i see no problem with it. There are times you are not supposed to be using your phones like driving. Driving while texting or operating your phone distracts you from the road it gets you off guard of your surroundings. It causes accident and people getting hurt or maybe it might not get to that point maybe you might get pulled over for doing that illegal action having to got to court getting a ticket you might have to pay off just for texting while driving. Some people might say i just picked up my phone to check but even for that split second something bad could happen.

Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. Answering a text takes away your attention for about five seconds. Traveling at 55 mph, that's enough time to travel the length of a football field. People think that it's not that much of danger when you just check a text but they fail to realize that they are driving on the road with other people that might not know how to drive that good there could be up coming traffic and they wouldn't know because there eyes are not on the road.

I believe that drivers could use their phones only at stop lights or anything that they have to stop for. I feel like there is no text that is important you have to risk your life for i see no problem with being on the phone actually talking because you can use a speaker on your phone you can actually communicate with your eyes on the road. If someone is texting you there are many stops and breaks in driving you could wait a little bit before pulling out your phone.

Majority of the age of people that are getting in theses accidents are teenagers. Teenagers feel like there phones are everything they can't go without looking or using them for a long period of time which tempts them to eventually pick it up and check it. I am pretty sure one of the main person they are texting is someone they are in a relationship with they feel like they need to text them back because they are there partners. They feel like the text is more important than paying attention. And this why i think texting while driving is not good and it causes serious problems on the road not only for you but people that are driving on the road with you.   