Riding down a worn path, I pass by a bridge with a person standing at its edge. I stop as soon as I glance at them. They notice me and shout, "Should I jump?" I yell back, "No! Why would you ever think to jump in the first place?! You would have died!" "I guess you're right," they say. "I should have thought about that." They walk towards me, thank me for saving them, and walk away. Multiple opinions on a matter like this are so important because you could save a life. I say that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because multiple views are good, it gives them more outcomes to think about, and it can keep them safe.

First off, multiple views on a matter are extremely important. They can help someone look at their issue a different way. It helps them see their problem in a different light which helps them solve it quicker. It can help their overall mood if you decide to help them. They'll know that someone cares about them and wants to help them in any way they can.

Second of all, multiple views gives them more outcomes to think about. Every action has an outcome, good and bad. Multiple views can help open their eyes to these outcomes. If they didn't think of a certain outcome that would be the worst one, then another opinion is crucial. They could make a really bad mistake if they don't think of a certain outcome on their problem.

Finally, multiple views on a matter can keep someone safe. If the person is trying to decide whether or not to do something stupid that could get them in trouble and they ask for an opinion, then you can keep them safe. Telling them to not do the stupid thing, might just save their life if they could've been hurt. Keeping someone out of trouble is also great. Whatever they were going to do could have got on their permanent record and hurt their chances of getting into the college or job that they want.

In conclusion, multiple views are very important in life. They could save someone from hurting themself and getting into deep deep trouble. It can help with stress of an important decision. It helps a person think about what could happen if they decide to do a certain thing. I conclude that multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because multiple views on a matter help greatly, it gives them more outcomes to think about, and it can keep them alive and out of trouble.