Dear principal,

I heard of your plans to make the policy for grade average for attending activities from C to B and i do not agree with this. If you change it to a B then many people will not be included in activities. Their is many people who are smart and try that have C' s but they shouldn't be punished for it. many kids try their hardest to succeed but cannot. They do all their homework, try on their tests, and pay attention in class but cannot apprehend the work when it comes time to do it.

Others don't try at all, they don't even look at their homework, they sit and play around during class, and don't listen at all. The teachers should be the ones who decide who should stay out of activities. If they turn everything in, appear to pay attention and not play around then they should get to do the activities. Those who do the opposite should stay out of activities.

When you change something that drastic things could happen. The kid could be made fun of by others by not being allowed to go, and be called "stupid." Also kids that are not allowed could sneak in and cause trouble at an activity like fighting or eating to much of provided snacks and others not get anything to eat. Another thing is the kids that are left out are left out and alone and they don't get to see their friends and socialize properly.

Also when you cancel out the kids from activities, such as football, you can lose valuable players and lose and get a bad rep for the team/school. Most of the football players can get C' s easily and still learn the same amount and do the activity. Say the quarterback has a great academic year and passes with A' s all year long. He is obviously smart and capable of work. The next year that same kid is passing with a 79% right below a passing B. He is still the smart kid from last year, but maybe he wanted to step his game up academically and take all honors and he is getting piled up with work. He is still learning fine, but he is receiving to much work so it is lowering his grade. If you change it to a B then he can still play and be satisfied that he gets to because if you take the football away he could get emotionally upset and completely forget his work.

So, i think you should keep the passing grade for attending activities the same, at a C average, but have the teachers give a list of who is trying their hardest and doing their best to pass, and give a list of who is slacking off, and not doing anything. I disagree greatly of changing the average to B.