How many people do you know show that they are upset or hurting? Most of the time people hide their feelings or emotions from others. They could be your best friend but you may not be able to tell when they are not okay. Maybe you are the same way. Maybe you walk into class one day and it is just not your day. Let's say the teacher doesn't know you are upset and upsets you by picking on you. You never showed him you were upset...how would he know? Imagine being able to have the technology to calculate someones emotions!

A lot of students have stuff going on at home. Maybe their parents got into an arguement, maybe they got in trouble, or they lost a loved one. Whatever the case may be, some people don't like to show others they are hurting. So they put up a "fake emotion", as I like to call it. A "fake emotion" is when someone hids their true emotions with a fake one, like being happy when they are really sad.

Things would go so much easier and smoother if teachers could tell when someone is upset. They could help them by talking to them about it and maybe giving them some advice or recommend them someone to talk to. Luckily with the help of a "Facial Action Coding System", which was invented by Dr. Paul Eckman, teachers could see what students are actually feeling. I know crazy right? But just imagine being able to see someones hidden emotions.

Dr. Eckman classified six basic emotions- happiness, anger, sadness, fear, disgust, and surprise. Based on one's facial muscle movements his invention can detect what one's emotions truly are. Dr Huang stated that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused". This could help teachers know that they need to change their lesson to make it more entertaining for the student or make the lesson a little easier or more in depth.

Those students who get bored stop paying attention and stop learning. Those students who get confused fall behind. This affects their education. Students falling behind and not learning won't pertain knowledge and succeed. Some teachers don't notice a student who is falling behind. With the help of this invention, they could spot the students and get them the help they need. This invention can be very helpful for students and teachers. 