In the story "A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves" Luke joins the Seagoing Cowboy program.

In this story it talks about what Luke does on his journey so, this is what were are going to talk about.

In paragraph 1 it says Luke's friend Don Reist invited Luke to go with him to the Seagoing Cowboy program and Luke did not turn the offer down because that was an opportunity of a lifetime.

In paragraph 4 it said that

Luke turned 18 before arriving in Greece, which ment he could be drafted for military service.

"When my drafy board learned that I was on a cattle-boat trip, they told me to just keep doing that for my service."

By the time he was discharged in 1947, Luke made nine trips-the most of any Seagoing Cowboy.

In paragraph 5 there were some reasons he should join the Seagoing Cowboys, and it said "The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy," he says.

"Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing Europe and China.

But seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special,"

he says. "So was taking a Gondala ride in Venice, Italy, a city with streets of water."

Luke also toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to China.

In paragraph 7 the way Luke's claim supported the outcome of the story.

Helping out on his aunt Katie's farm as a boy had prepared Luke for hard work, but not for the dangers at sea.

On his second trip, Luke served as night watchman.

His job was to check on all the animals every hour.

One rainy night, after making his hourly report to the captain, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside.

Luke's heart raced as he shot feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship.

A small strip of metal along the edge stopped his slide, keeping him from flying overboard into the dark Atlantic.

He was happy to be alive.

But he could not work for a couple days because of cracked ribs.

My conclusion of the story is in paragraph 9 when it says, But being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than an adventure for Luke Bomberger.

It opened up the world to him.

"I am grateful for the opportunity," he says.

"It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs."

And that awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years.