Distance learning is a great option for students to attend classes from home. There are many students that fail the grade just because they don't attend their classes at school. This is a great way for students to still take classes and learn more their education. The generation from now aren't as motivated as generations before. Theres might be a some people that wont agree with this statement because they probably think going to school is better than taking classes online or conferencing from home.

Some people may say that it isn't a great idea for schools to offer distance learning for students especially the parents. Most parents would want their kids to go to school and take classes because they think it's better for them. They probably think that they're are ways to cheat if they take classes online. Some parents would want their kids to interact with other students and not just be home all the time.

I agree on all the reasons why they student shouldn't take distance learning as an option but I think otherwise. It's a great option for students because there are many student that fail or drop out of school just because they didn't attend school. If students had the option to take classes online from home then it would give them a second chance to pass and graduate so they wouldn't give up. It even may help other students understand the curriculum more.

The generation now are giving up at such a young age just because they don't even want to attend their classes at school. This is why its a great idea for schools to offer distance learning so students won't just give up and drop out. Having the opportunity to take online classes from home with probably help those students the don't want to attend school. The students would take classes from their homes and learn the same information they would learn at school.

In conclusion, I think it would benefit many students if schools offered distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. It's a great way for students who don't like attending school most of the time. It would be a great advantage for students to have that offer of distance learning, it woud make a huge difference for the generation of students now a day.              