have you ever had a hard time trying in think if what you doing if right or not? Did you ever bother to ask someone fore help? Well some people have a really hard time trying think think about if what there doing in right or not. Here are some reason why you should always ask for advise, even tho you might not get the response you want.

First off, one reason you should ask others is because they could give you some better options then what you had in mind. Having someone to talk to about if what your doing sire right or not is fantastic. Those friends could help you from making a terrible choice. Always make sure what you about to do is gonna be the right choice.

Secondly, always make sure you get some more ideas, or some alternative ideas. That one idea of yours, might seem really good but could actually be not very good. Your friends, peers, or anyone around you could of been in the same boat as you but had no one to talk to and could of made a bad choice. Those friends of yours will always want to you to have the best option possible.

The next reason is, having this "awesome" idea might make you fee like you have to rush or do it right this second. Why rush yourself when you could always just wait and see if this idea of yours was really that great after all. Just always make sure for when your about to do something, make sure your gonna be ready and always happy with the outcome. Some people choose not to listen to there friends and when that happens they always regret what they have done. And all the friend can do is say i told you so.

lastly, be confident in what your doing. If all your peer agree on what your about to do, you go and do it. Your friends,family, and peers will be with you no matter what. Make sure your always having fun but staying out of trouble. life is too short to worry about what others will say about you. Just never forget to always remember your friends are there if you ever need them.

To conclude, just remember to never be afraid to ask for help. Always be confident in yourself and with what you do.