In America, presidents are voted in by the electoral college. The electoral college is a process of electors from all the states that vote for the president and vice president. There are 538 electors, and you need 270 votes of that 538 to be elected. The electoral college is how we have been electing all of the presidents in America, but the president ought to be elected by a mjority vote of the people, not by some fascist in a room voting for us.

Furthermore, the office of the federal register gladly explins the process of the electoral college and it has some holes. Bradsord Plumer explains in his article ''The Indefensible Electoral College: Why Even The best laid defenses are wrong'' says ''at the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters.'' He goes on and exemplifies the fact that the way the votes are cast and counted could be in fact more individually based. Maybe Mr. Plumer is wrong and the electoral college is the best thing for us, but, most people would agree that if we could all vote and have every individual vote counted, we would have a fair election and the true winner would be voted in.

Perhaps in ''Five Reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the president'' by Richard A. Posner, an electoral college would be good to have because of run off and big states and so forth. But plainly put, if we could just count voters as people of one nation, not individual states, we could have an efficient running election. For example: say there is 300 million people in America and the president needed 150,000,001 votes to win, then the majority rules factor can be initiated and there will be no run off, no problems with big states, no problem with swing states, and the certainty of outcome of everyone's president will be decided by majority.

Last but not least, all of the authors of the articles have great arguments and have concluded as so. ''what have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electoral college!'' Bradford Plumer couldnt have summarized it better. If former presidents and other powerful organizations can can agree on abolishing the outdated electoral college then why cant we just get rid of it.

Finally, the electoral college is an old and untrustworthy system of lection currently used in the united states. perhaps if we could try the majority rules and have every legal voter counted as an individual, the election process would be more faithful. All in all, with time comes changes, and with chnges comes broad new spectrums of possibilities. But for the time being we should all be proactive in staying in motion with modernization, and every little change counts. Abolishing the electoral college is an innocent and small step in the right direction.                                            