Seeking advice from someone when you are struggling is always a good idea. What about multiple people? A lot of people have different opinions, and sometimes hearing more than one is a better idea. If you only listen to one person's opinion, your mind is fixed on that idea. However, listening to multiple peoples' ideas can open your mind to how others would react to it, and that can help make better decisions in life. Listening to multiple ideas is always a good way to go.

Say you were struggling with the horrible choice to put your dog down, because it is old and badly injured. You wouldn't want to do it because it is your dog and you care about it, but a friend might suggest to put it down. It is already struggling and old, and putting it down would be better than to have it suffer. It is a sad decision, but you've probably helped it by putting it down, otherwise its last few moments would have been miserable. Seeking your friends advice in that situation helped you make a better decision, and it was the right thing to do.

Imagine you are walking down a hallway in school, and you see a group of kids standing in a circle, shouting. You walk over to see what is happening, and you see your friend beating up the kid who used to bully you. You think to yourself, "I should go help my friend," but then a bystander tells you, "Hey, maybe you should not beat up the bully. Although he used to hurt you every day, it is not the right thing to do. Instead, you should stop the fight, and help the bully up off the ground." You say "That is a ridiculous idea", but then realize, even though he did use to hurt you, everyone deserves a second chance. You help the bully up, and he asks, "Why did you help me?" You say, "Even though you hurt me, everyone deserves a second chance." By showing kindness to the bully, you helped him change his ways, and he stopped bullying. Even though you did not ask for the bystander's advice, he helped you make a better decision, and you even helped the bully.

Seeking other people's advice can be helpful. It can help us make better decisions in life, and as we get older, having a trusted friend or two to look to for advice when things get bad, is always a good idea.