Driverless cars are coming, should we let them? Well with the technology we have today why not? They would be benificial for our race. While some people may see them as just another difficulty we would have to work out, think of all the accidents it would prevent. The future is with technology we can't be afraid of it. Our objective in science and technology is to increase our life span and enjoy our lives more, driverless cares would promote both.

With all of the accidents that happen every day, would driverless cars cause more problems in comparison? While the person in the driver's seat may not be ready to take the wheel. The driverless cars that have been made already alert you, giving a reminder that you still need to remain alert. For example GM's, General Motors, car has an alert system that makes the deriver's seat vibrate when the driver is required. While the Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. These inventions help prevent one of many obstacles the driverless cars will provide, all of witch can be prevented.

Another problem would be the worry of hackers with technology today. Because Tesla's cars are all ran on one mega computer what is to stop it from being hacked? This could cause huge problems. Cyber-terrorism would be a big concern but even that is preventable. Apple's phones have been out for awhile now and still havn't been hackable, not even by our government. With our advances in technology we can put a stop to most accidents. So will there still be law suits agaisnt companies if an accident does occur?

Well while technology advances our laws remain. Take into consideration that while there would still be problems, there would be far fewer than before. Don't make laws prohibiting driverless cars! That only slows down what is too come and makes it harder to fix mistakes that the vehicles will have! All humans make mistakes even the ones behind computers. I would rather have multiple people who work daily with time on their hands fixing problems that would come along than people who are driving daily and in the right moment forced to make a split second decision without full thought. I will put my trust in these vehicles and I hope others will too. If laws are truely there to focus on keeping drivers, passengers and pedestrians safe then why deny something that would make traveling safer.

Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems will be solved. However their technology won't be able to give the pleasure of driving to those who wish to drive. Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver admits that. Some manufaturers hope to still make it fun by providing entertainment systems. While they can be truned of instantly if manual driving is needed, it would still be safer than having people today who text with cell phones while they drive.

Google has already had self driving cars since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. Is this alone not proof enough of the benefit it would be? How many miles can humans drive without a crash compared to this? Google's cofounder Sergey Brin believes automatic cars would fundamentally change the world. So should we let the cars come? I believe so.