We need to keep the Electoral College , it has been used by the founding fathers back then and still should be used to this day. The Electoral college is a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. It also helps by the process of selection of the electors , were the vote for president and vice president. The Electoral College can keep five hundred and thirty eight electors with two hundred and seventy electoral votes to require the president. For each state has his or her own group of electors chosen by the candidate's political party.

The presidential election is held every four years on a tuesday after the first monday in november. What most states do is have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate. Then win the election is over the governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment"with every candidate who ran for president names on it. That means who ever won it represents your state for when you try running for president. The certificate is sent to the congress and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presidential election.

For some reason a lot of presidents wanted to get rid of the electoral college such as Richard Nixon , Jimmy Carter ,and Bob Dole. Apparently people would rather have wanted a direct election to the kind we have now. When you use the Electoral College your not just voting for a president your voting for a slate also. Which could also lead to the disaster factor , when everyone has an arguement against the electoral college. Usually the only problem would have to  be a tie in the electoral vote , in case the election would be thrown to the House of representatives were they vote on the president.

The Electoral College is unfair to voters because of the winner-takes-all system in each state. Candidates don't spend enough time in states they know they probably don't have a chance at winning so they focus only on the tight race in the "swing" states. Even though it is unfair it is widely regarded it just tells whoever person got more votes. Did you know when you vote for a president you are actually voting for a slate for electors. So you dont have to always blame the Electoral College its you who is putting the vote into it.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is a process not a place that takes in the number of votes for a presidential election. Our founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president. Ever state has thier own Electoral College , and it tells which candidate has won so they can represent are state in the presidential election. It also helps process by keeping votes in for our vice president and our president of the United States. That is why we have the Electoral College , now tell me do you think we should always use the Electoral college.    