Imagine you are sitting down in a middle school classroom, all of a sudden your principle patches in on the intercom he says attention all 8th grade students, you are now required to participate in at least one after school extra curricular activity. Your mind races you think of all the things you could do, you think of chess club or the football team. That is what happened to me and if I am being honest i think it is a good idea, to have students participate in something and not just sit around, i think it is a good idea because it keeps students healthy and active.

There are many sports, I even play play a few myself such as baseball, swim team and football. if not a sport than a student can join a club such as decorating a yearbook or or act as a member on a student council which is very important if a student wanted to pursue a career in the government.

activities such as these are very important for brain development and creating social skills. even if you despise doing activities such as these there are so many options they are also very good for making friends, some of my closest friends i have met through base ball or swim team.

But i understand how some people can not like these things they could have social anxieties or maybe they are not good at sports i understand but having them be required to do such a thing i think is good. giving people an excuse to go outside and actually do something like hangout with friends or be an active member of the community is awesome and more people should do that. or just act in there school as someone who dose something for the community.

That is why people should do things like play sports or help out in their community is it look good on your resume for colleges and con help you if you need references for jobs in the future that is one of the many reasons i agree and i think you should to because even if you dont like sports or clubs or thing like that they are still very important.

That is why think it is so important so if the school besides to implement this change i would support it and encourage you to do the same. it is a good way to make friends it looks good to collages and there are so many other good things about it and i think it is better to the alternative which is just doing nothing and so that is what i think about the topic.                   