Dear, TEACHER_NAME

I think you should allow us the students to bring our phones to school and use them during lunch and free time as long as there turned off during class periods.

We are very responsible.

Lunch is a free time so we should be able to do what we want at that time. Also we will listen to all rules for cellular phone because we are responsible young adults.

Lunch is a time for us to socialize with friends. that's a time when we talk to friends and goof around. we should be able to have them cause that's our free time and we should be able to text and talk during that time. At that point and time nobody is worried bout work were talk to friends and telling bout how good our day is so far.

All rules you demand swill be followed like beside lunch and free times phones are not to be seen or there will be consequences of your choice. we are very responsible with putting them up at the appropriate time. We understand we have to learn at some point during the day and during that time we know okay its time t learn all cell phone put away!

We are very responsible young adult as long as you tell us the rules. they will be followed. This is something very good for us. there isn't anyway a phone could distract us from learning if there put away during "the teachers time". Nothing should go wrong to the point where you take the privilege away. We will take putting up our phone as a very valid responsibility.

We really want this opportunity to show you 1. we are responsible and 2. we can handle anything you throw at us. We are going to have no problems with i promise there will be phone away during class. you will only see them in the hall, during free time, and also lunch. We want to show you we can be big girls and boys but still learn in the same matter as we should. So on behalf or the entire school body i am asking you may you please allow us to bring phones to school and let us use them during lunch period and other free times, as long as we turn them off during academic classes. :)