Dear senator,

I wanted to write you this letter to say that we should keep the electoral college. Because they tally the votes fair to elect the goverment and president that the people of this powerful country have elected to be their leader. The electoral college was one of the rules that our founding fathers made for our country which has kept our country stong in the past so why would we want to take away that cause that would be like erasing our countrys past and our fathers rule. The electoral college consists of 538 electors for the electoral college so if we take away this process cause its not a place then we are putting 538 people out of a job.

First things First, we should keep the electoral college cause it is a great process that lets our people choose a leader of this brave and powerful country fairly by having the electors read the votes and tally them up and pick the leader the most people voted for but sometimes its not the most cause if bigger states with more powerful people vote for a diffrent president and the one president has the most votes but if the other one has the more votes from bigger states and cities like california then he gets the popular vote. The electoral college has never technically failed us it has gotten close in the John F. Kennedy election when state legislators were technically responsible for picking electors and that the electors could defy the will of the people so say like if John F. Kennedy got the popular vote then it could possibly not go to him cause the electors could get replaced with new ones that could oppose him. The mistakes were never to the point that it messed up our country just little mistakes that got fixed by a direct election which we have now a day so that these little mistakes cant mess our whole voting system up. We should keep the electoral college because it is proven that people have out voted electors in the Gore vs Bush election cause Bush got the electoral votes but Gore got the popular vote by the people.

Second of All, we should keep the electoral college because it was one of our founding fathers rules and processes and they were the people who founded and discovered this brave, powerful, and beutifal country so if we throw that away then we are betraying our fathers and our anceistors. Another thing is electoral college has of america and they aint running for president and they are aloud to vote which is fair cause it's everyones president not just only the people not appart of the constitution. The great rule that our constitution made for the electoral college was the mal-apportionment which means even if the large states has a bigger population they still could lose by virtue so if we dont have an electoral college that will not be possible then we would just get out voted by heavier states and electors. The electoral college is a great process for fair voting for our goverment and president and if we keep that running then we keep our country running as a healthy country.

To Wrap it up, I think we should keep our electoral college for many of reasons. one because its the fairest most strongest process of voting. two because it lets everybody vote including the electors. and last but not least it keeps our founding fathers rule going and keeps us loyal to our brave and powerful countrys leader.    