The opportunity to attend classes and avoid going to school sounds like an impossible luxury, but there actually is a way to act upon this fantasy. Through the large and expendable capabilities of the internet, there is a way to visually speak to teachers and professors through online video conferencing, or distance learning. Although students will not benefit from distance learning because some students may not have access to the internet or certain websites, students will benefit from distance learning because it is convenient, it will cause less distractions, and it will help them save money.

Now, most students would agree that going to school is a struggle or a hassle,even if they know that going to school will benefit their life in some way. Distance learning helps get rid of the struggle but still keeps the benefits that school has to offer. Distance learning is much more convenient because it allows students to learn and work from home without all of the useless presentation of school pride and school spirit. Distance learning allows students more time to get ready and be prepared for class by cutting out the time restraints and the asked questions. Students will find it easier to get on their computer or phone and start learning without experiencing the atmosphere that school forces upon them.

Secondly, distance learning helps students pay attention and listen to their teachers and professors because it is, usually, face to face with very little distractions. School provides many opportunities for distraction with school pride, rumors and gossip, and even fights (varies from school to school). School tends to bring out the worst in many students because of how strictly they dictate them while distance learning gives those students the freedom they were promised. The chance to learn without so many distractions could really help students retain more information and get a great education.

Finally, distance learning helps students save money on transportation and vehicle costs by being available at home. Most students that attend school acquire a car ride from a parent or friend, this increases unwanted wear and tear on the vehicle's tires and axles because of speed bumps and, usually, tight curbs. Most students have enough financial trouble as it is with supply and tuition costs (for college). Distance learning gives students the opportunity to learn from home, where no vehicle is required to take them there. It also saves money for students who have to use public transportation, such as the bus or subway. Distance learning is usually cheaper than an institution or university anyway.

In conclusion, distance learning will be beneficial to students because it is more convenient than going to school, it provides less distractions, and it helps them save money. In the future, the presence of distance, or online, learning will, more than likely, become much stronger and may even become more efficient than many universities and colleges. Students are urged to start talking to school administrators and professors about setting up online courses and websites dedicated to specific subjects of education.