Facial coding is cool, but it is not valuable in a school setting. Why would one ever need this at their school. Students do not go school to get their emotions checked, they go to learn about history stuff or about anything else. Also we do not know if this computer will truly work on a human because they only talk about attemping it on a painting not a live physical humans. Also how can one produce something so complex that a PC can not even keep up with it. To one it might might be cool, but in reality it is not that interesting for school use.

Why use a computer? Using a computer to find people's emotion is uneccessary because Alto mentions the brain does this calculation everyday with even more acurracy and it will help build comunication skills and put oneself on a deeper level of thought. There is a person that this boy likes or has a crush on and he wants to talk to her, but he doesn't know what to say. Later he notices that she is obviously down about something, and he walks over to her and says "Hey, are you alright you look kinda down?" This is the skills we need to work on we need to not rely on computersand learn to read emotions.

While people agree and disagree with this idea the opposition has some good points. If there is kid that has been mentally abused or is depressed. Having this imagery can really help get students to open up and talk about it, so they can prevent what is happening. Another thing it can do is help depict the mood of a painting like previously stated in this article by D'Alto. Also it could help teachers more on understanding their students so they can buils a more positive and stable relationship. By knowing what people are feeling it could effect the mental state of the mind and body and not cause stress.

Overall the effect to this product would be not having the ability to actually depict how one is feeling without using the coding system which could make human intereaction almost artificial. Later on down the road this could be useful, but as it is today it's not the greatest idea for a school atomosphere, especially with the distraction of social media and technology in general. 