Dear Mr. Principle,

We as students both like and do not like community service. At times, we might enjoy it because it helps us feel important and useful in our community. At other times, we don't like it because it does require a lot of time and some of us do not have that kind of time. We have things to do like; Homework, chores, cleaning sometimes projects and everyone has other things to do that not everyone does. Other students however, are just plain lazy. During their day all they do is lay around and watch television and play video-games and use there cell phones. This is a very hard decision to make on weather students should or should not be required to do community service.

I think that students should be required to do at least some community service. It helps build friendships, love, respect, and decency. Kids nowadays don't do anything to help their fellow man. They rely too much on other people/things doing it for them. I think that it would help better kids' relationship amongst each other and help better the relationship among human beings. By making kids do community service, they will understand that they cannot rely on machines working for them and they will learn important moral values. This, over time, will lead to a beautiful America filled with; Love, Friendship, and no pain and poverty.

What will happen if students don't do community service. There will continue to be hate and racism and wars over who is better. The education of children will lower because they rely on machines and technology to work for them and do their work and they will not learn anything. They will eventually do nothing and we will be over ruled by technology. Children will not be able to make friendships amongst each other creating hate and violence. Hate and violence go hand in hand and eventually creating a stupid and pointless war. This will lead to unnecessary death of our youth. Forgive me for exaggerating the truth a bit but this is true and a possible future for America.

In conclusion, it would be a terrific idea for kids to do community service. community service will strengthen our friendship, our moral values and help those who are in need. Imagine a world where everyone can get along and there is no pain or suffering. Isn't that beautiful?

How can we get to this you ask? We can start with making our youth do community service and help the less fortunate in reaching a healthy and safe future. Mr. Principle, the choice is yours, start making a beautiful future today and make students do some community service or help create an ugly violent and hateful America by letting students stay at home and wasting precious time. This memorable decision is for you to make.