In today's world, many of us see cars as a necesarry tool used to get us where we need to go in the shortest time possible. However, what many do not realize is how much restricting our usage of the personal automobile will actually help society in the long run. Decreasing our usage of the car will not only cut down on greenhouse gas emissions, but will also improve congestion and see an a boost in the economy of cities and countries around the world.

There is no doubt that cutting down on driving will greatly reduce the emission of grennhouse gases. As detailed in "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer, the effect of just one day of reduced driving played a signifigant impact on the amount of smog in Paris, France. The smog which covered the city of Paris rivaled that of Beijing, China, one of the most polluted cities in the world. The cause of the intense fog is thought to be diesel fuel, which is the most commonly used type of automobile fuel in France. Because of this, Paris has a very high smog concentration compared to other Western European capitals. The temporary ban on driving drastically improved the conditions in Paris, and the ban was lifted after only one day. If this idea of reducing the use of automobiles spreaded to other car-dependent countries such as the U.S., there is no telling how much the impact of society on the emission of greenhouse gasses will reduce.

Additionally, the increasingly popular idea of favoring walking or biking over driving to one's destination has seemed to have a signifigant impact around the world. In the passage "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selsky, the capital city of Bogota, Colombia has participated in the Day Without Cars program for three straight years. This has led to an increase in the creation of bicycle paths and cut down on congestion and traffic jams normally common in the city. In addition, the uprising of parks and recreation centers has also helped to boost the city's economy. However, this program has not been restricted to Bogota, as many people from countries around the world have come to see the event. This has the potential to become an internationally now phenomena, which will greatly improve the health and well-being of the people of the world. New bicycling opprotunities will mean no longer getting in traffic jams and will reduce stress and congestion in the long run.

In conclusion, the limiting of car usage would have a profound impact on our society, not only on pollution and the envorinment, but on our personal well-being. The limiting of our dependency on cars has had a great effect on the emission of greenhouse gasses into the atmosphere, and smog has the potential to be removed from modern cities all together; the economy would also benefit, as fewer cars means fewer roads needing to be built and an increase of bicycle trails, parks, and shopping centers in walking distance of neighborhoods. Overall, the limiting of car usage would have a fantastic impact on society and our world as a whole.    