Rough Draft

"Hey there," Someone yelled then you relize thats the call of friend that is about to ask for some advice. Many people take advice from others to help with problems they think they can't do by them self. Which leads to the question why take advice from others? They take advice because they don't neccarly need help, but want help to take the easy way out of things. By doing this they second guss them selfs and go and ask more people for more advise to see if the other person advice was wrong, or they have no idea what to do. If that's the case then they take the advice of others to help them with his/her problem by taking the best advice possible, asking how to do what you don't, and knowledge.

Firstly, by taking the best possible advice you would want to go to multiple people for there advice, experince, and help. By going to someone who has already given advice to others they will probably have a lot of imformation for you to have about your issue. If you go to someone with a ton of experince there advice would probaly be the best. Lastly if you go to someone with the experince you have you could give advice to each other, making it good for both of you.

Next, you could ask for tips or pointers on how to give advice to others, learning, and on how to take action. Asking for advice to give other people advice is a great idea if you want to help others out and yourself. By learning you could gain experince like Mrs. Generic_Name to advice to others. Lastly by taking action you take the advice you gain and give it to others.

Finaly, by going to multiple people you gain more knowledge including their perspectives, there reasons on what they would do, and how they would resolve the matter. First by knowing someones perspective you will know on how they would do stuff their own way. Second the reasons on why they would do what they are going to do will help with your actions by putting other reasons together. Lastly by knowing how they would solve the issue it would help to take others solutions all in all.

In conclusion, people who ask others for help are wanting the best advice possible, asking for tips they don't know how to do themselfs, and knowledge. Those who take advice will likely feel better when they actually use the advice to solve there problem and will enjoy it. So don't be afraid to ask for advice from others it will benifit you in the long run.