The Electoral College system is not something American citezens should experiance. Theis system of voting has many flaws, even some of the top political leaders such as Rixhard Nixon or Jimmy Carter agree. I beleive that we should get rid of the electoral college system and change it to election by popular vote for president for these reasons, It is unfair to voters and the electoral college has a big disaster factor.

The electoral college system is very unfiar towards voters. Under this system voters aren't even voting for president, rather they are voting for a slate of electors who vote for the president. Ins't that the whole point of voting for president that you actually vote for president? Well under this system it is impossible. In source 2 it gives the example, "If you lived in Texas, for instance, and you wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off-chance that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and Kerry would get 34 electoral votes". As show in this statement when voters want to vote for president they dont actually vote for president, in turn they vote for electoral votes. This defeats the whole purpose of Americans voting for their president. This goes against the American ideal that American is a Democracy in which people vote for their leaders. Another reason why this system is unfair to voters is because of its winner-take-all system in each state. According to source 2 ", candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 capmpaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all," This in turn is unfair to those people in the states where candidates didn't visit. As mentioned in source 1 "Most states have a "winner-take-all" system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate". This statement is not at all fair. It is saying that the electors of the winning candidates team are rewarded while the other electors on the other side are not. How is this in any way fair towards the oposing teams electors? All of this is caused by the winner-take-all system caused by electoral college, which again is unfair to many American citizens.

Another reason why we should get rid of the electoral college system is because of its disaster factor. Americans should considers themselves lucky due to the whole 2000 election crisis which was the biggest in a century. This system allows for much worse to happen during these elections. Getting rid of it is one of the only ways to solve that problem. This system causes many problems, for example source 2 states "Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. (So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy. P)" This shows that this system has caused many mishaps in the past that could occur again. The American people should not be subject to these disasters. Another disaster factor that goes along with the electoral college system is that some electors have not voted for their own party, causing a disturbance in the voting. Source 2 states "In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please..." In no way shape or form is this fair towards the candidates party's. This infidelity can sway the predicted outcome of the election. Resulting in a surprise for many of America's citizens when they see the voting results. This electoral college system can cause many different problems resulting in disasters. A few have already happened in the past, as mentioned, and America shouldn't have to endure another one. This is why we should eliminate the electoral college system and change to election by popular vote for president.

All and all, the electoral college is unfiar and disasterous. It causes many issues with the voting for President in America. Many Americans believe that is system is definatly not working. This is why we need to change to election by popular vote. Famous politition Bob Dole one stated, "Abolish the electoral college!" and he seems to be right.            