In the article

"Making Mona Lisa Smile", it talked about using this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. In my opinion it is a great idea, because the teachers would know what to do next to make them change their mood to happy. If a student is sad the teacher would know & would also want to talk about it with the student to make him or her feel better. The computer could figure out why students are bored and/or confused by identifying what the topic is about.

The "Facial Action Coding System" could prevent bullying too! It could identify two students or more by knowing if one is afraid or angry. The angry students would be the bullies & the afarid studens would be the bullies victims. It could easily stop a situtation between them both. It'd alert the teacher or just anybody with a loud noise to attract people to go near the students. When teachers arrive they could use the computer to detect how the students are feeling and would start solving on from there.

The fact that this is a new technology amuses me, because it could solve so many problems on this Earth believe it or not. Also, it could prevent many problems as well. We can use this technology to make others happy "happy person, happy life" is how i see it. Now then again it might not be helpful for some people. People are used to hving a serious face all of the time and smiling when its truthful and that's okay because not everyone is happy most of the time. Some people prefer to not show their emotions so they keep it to themselves until the time is right which is when they're alone.

It's time to put a stop to all of the negativity with this new technology called the " Facial Action Coding System". I find this technology very positive and helpful because not only humans can solve everyhting, but with help of other things like mechines. Making faces got to reveal so much about the science of emotions. Us humans could end up feeling someone else's emotional state by unconsciously imitating another person's facial exprssions.

I find smiling, showing positive vibes, and actions making our lives a bit happier. Hopefully one day we get to "calculate" emotions some day, because i will definitely try it out! I was never a fan of being down or sad, I love being happy everyday. So hopefully this new technology is useful and helpful to everyone. "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal" are words from a wise man who will actually "make America great again". 