Online School is the New Cool

You wake up, it is pitch black outside and there's no sound of life on the earth. No birds chirping, or people laughing. The day doesn't even seem to have begun. Incredibly tired from the night before, you rush out of bed to brush your teeth and hair, throw on some clothes, shove a pop tart in your mouth, and get in the car. Oh what a disastrous morning it is for that of a public school student. The switch to online classes is not only beneficial for the mental health of students, it also provides them with a better education, and a comfortable learning environment.

We all know what it's like to feel upset about ourselves. To have a bad feeling about our appearance, whether that be our clothes or our body. Imagine being reminded of that every day in a school setting. Students are constantly told by their peers that they are not good enough. When I started middle school was when this feeling set in. My mental health rapidly declined and I started not caring about the way I acted towards my family because all I wanted was to be good enough in the eyes of my classmates. Once I realized this wasn't healthy, I asked my parents if I could take classes online. I truly believe it is best for the mental and emotional health of our youth. Online schooling creates an environment where students can't be judged, harassed, or bullied. Also, it provides a chance for students to rest their brains when they want to, not when the teacher says they can. Taking classes online is the best way to improve the mental health of our youth.

A better education is provided when taking online classes. Some may say getting assistance for an online class is easier than getting it in the classroom. When students are being taught in a classroom full of other kids, they are constantly fighting for the attention of the teacher and most of the time, not getting the clarity they need. I am taking an online English class and I have found that by emailing my teacher if I need help, I can better understand the instructions because the emailed instructions are written to me and not to a classroom full of peers. Because I can get clarity, I am then able to do better and work faster. I am also allowed to reread instructions whereas verbal instructions can be harder to understand in the moment. Allowing online emailing or even video conferencing, creates an environment where students are comfortable asking their questions, and this ultimately provides for a better education.

The learning environment associated with online school and/or class is the best part of the experience. Students can sleep in and rest when they want to. They can have a peaceful morning which translates to a more productive day. School is a distracting place filled with drama, fighting, and distractions. Taking classes from home allows students to stay focused and get more work accomplished. Online schooling doesn't have to be done only at home, many students enjoy going to the bookstore, or a coffee shop. This is a great way to interact with other people and be productive. A comfortable learning environment is critical to build a successful school career.

Some may say that online schooling causes teens to become antisocial, lonely, and depressed. This is not warranted because the effect is the opposite. Working from home allows students to take the time they need to get work done for the day in their own time, and then spend the remainder with friends or doing other activities. Students actually have more free time because they aren't as distracted. As long as they are participating in plenty of activities, and are getting out in the world to talk with others, teens will not become antisocial, lonely or depressed.

Being able to learn from a distance is tremendously beneficial to our youth. The classroom is not a good environment for students to build a successful career. In schook, their mental health declines, they don't get their best education possible, and they dont have a comfortable learning environment. The switch to online classes is something all students, schools, and parents should be encouraging. 