Dear,

Senator of florida is send you this letter to tell you why we need to keep things the way they are. Electoral college is a process in which we decide who will be our president of the United States of America. During this process the Electoral College consist of 538 electors in which 270 of those electoral votes is required to elect the President. During this presidential election you vote for you candidate but what your actually doing is voting for your candidate's electors. All though the electoral colleges have things wrong with it they do have have some positive things that counter the negative out. Like certainty of a outcome,avoiding run-off election,you have to have trans-regional appeal(everyone's President),Swing states, and Big states.

A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible-it happened in 200-but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. Winning candidate's share the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote. For example,Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular vote cast for him and Romney.... Because almost all states award electoral votes on a winner- take-all basis. A nationwide electoral vote is possible because 538 is a even number, but its  highly unlikely. The winner-take-all method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates-as we saw in 2012's election to focus more on toss-up states. As the people of these states are very thoughtful in deciding who they will pick because they are the people that pay close attention to the campaing.

The Electoral College is widely regarded as an anarchonism. People believe that it should be changed to who ever gets the most popular votes. People only believe it should be changed because of what has happened in the past with other elections. Like what happened in 200,1960 segregationists in the legislature nearly succeded in replacing the demacratic electors, and the worst being that it ends up in a tie. Things have happened in the past.

We dont need to change because of things that happened in 2000 or 1960. Its 2015 and we dont need a change to our way of deciding the president. Theres no reasonto changing it to popular vote.    