Human emotion recognition software should be used in the classroom. First it could appeal differently to each students larning style, or be modified to teach him/her how the student wants. Lastly, it could see if a student is getting bored with the lesson or if he/she likes the lesson. This could help children learn alot better in a learning enviroment tailored just for them.

First, it could appeal differently to each student. This means that if it notices a kid frowning when showed a hard problem or a large group of text, it could change what it is doing but keeps the concept of what it is teaching. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused, Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective instructor." This shows that the program could be used for the betterment of teaching for different people, not all people learn the same way, so why should it all be taught the same way. The computer could fix that by modifying the way it teaches.

Lastly,

it could see if a student is getting bored with the lesson or if he/she likes the lesson. If a student, me especially, dosen't like a lesson or thinks it is boring, he/she wont learn. A computer that reads faces to get the emotions of students would keep the lesson being taught livley and more fun to keep students entertained. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused, Dr. Huang predicts. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective instructor." I used the same quote twice once in the second paragraph and now, in this paragraph becauses it strongly supports both of my claims. If a computer where to "modify the lesson, like an effective instructor" students would always be engaged in learning because the lesson would always change to what is needed to keep students entertained.

Human emotion recognition software should be used in the classroom. If used in a classroom, it would greatly keep students engaged in learning. personally, I would love having something like this in the classroom to keep me interested in the lesson. Wraped up, having this tool would greatly improve the entirety of the school learning enviroment. 