Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I think the students should take a responsibility to do some community because it would help the world and the school a lot. Many people litter and trash the place and they shouldn't because it would cause pollution. It wouldn't be fair to the people who clean the streets or the janitor in our school. This is why I think the students should clean after themselves and help the community like everyone else has been doing. I also think it would be a great idea because then the people wouldn't have to became worried all of a sudden and complain that the world or our school is a disgusting and smelly place. That's why people and the students should help clean and care for there schools as they would with their houses. Maybe also some of the teachers could help also. It would be great for everybody and everyone in the community.

Examples: - Recycling Unused Paper

- Erasers and Pencils could help other kids

-

Newspaper from the teachers could recycle

Other people in the world could use the things we have. Also kids that are less fortunate could use the recycled products and use them for their classes as well. We also have to be grateful for the things that we have and that were not starving, or dying . That the world has given us a chance to help and give to others as we do to them. Its a good thing we do to because no one knows what's going to happen to us by tomorrow or maybe even today. Anything is possible. That's why every student should help in the community and our future. Also to help our community people could tutor or help someone that is in need of our help. That could probably help us when were older and they probably will thank us later. So its never too late for the students to do a kind thing in our community. That's why I thank people who stop and check if I'm okay just in case I fall, break a leg, or even become sick. So that's why I say this over and over so people and students could stop and do something kind in our community, it could be useful. Not everyone has this chance.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME                        