It's really easy to make a bad decision and mess something up but when you have more than one person giving you good advice it really helps. When someone is trying to make a decision they need to have multiple opinions or else they might make a biased or wrong decision. There are a lot of good things that come from getting multiple opinions but, more people know more stuff, some people could be bias, and it could change your mind completely are on the top.

The first reason that getting multiple opinions is beneficial, is that more people know more about what you're trying to decide on. For instance, if you only talked to one person about getting something expensive you could and up wasting your money due to an uneducated decision, but if you'd talked to multiple people who know what they're talking about then you would've know it was a bad decision in the first place. Also some people know more about somethings than others making them more reliable. You can also get more information about something because some people will tell you different things.

Another reason talking to multiple people is a good idea is that some people can be bias. If you ever talk to one person about something they can have a biased opinion and can change the outcome of your decision. So when you get multiple opinions from more people its easier to find out what is bias or not. Also you can have a biased opinion about something and sometimes it takes multiple people to change your mind.

The last reason getting multiple opinions can help you make a better decision is, it can change you mind completely. If you had the idea of this one thing being a good choice and you only talked to one person you would potentially make a self biased opinion. If you talked to multiple people that have experienced what you are trying to decide on then you would maybe get your mind changed. Even if you think something is good or bad you should always talk to multiple people to make the best decision.

The benefits of getting multiple opinions are great, more people know more stuff, some people could be bias, and it could change your mind completely are some of the best. Talking to more people will help you make better decisions and have an unbiased opinion about something. You'll also learn more from multiple people compared to one as well. In the end multiple opinions are great for helping you make a better decision.