Distance Learning

Distance learning is a new option for students that schools are thinking about adopting. One side to this argument says this will be a beneficial thing for students. However, other's think that this will hurt students more than it will help them. Schools should allow distance learning as an opportunity for students because: it'll teach students how to work independently, they won't have to deal with social pressures, and it gives them the opportunity to prove themselves.

One of the many benefits to distance learning is it gives more chances for independent working. Also, it gives people more of an ability to work efficiently by themselves. For example, it lets students work on their own time. In addition, it also allows teachers to rely less on their students. Secondly, it teaches students work ethic. Working independently teaches them how to work effectively on their own. Moreover, it also helps people learn an abundance of skills that can be applied into the workplace. Finally, working by oneself teaches people many important things that schools can't.

Not only does it teach independent working, but it removes the societal pressures that come from a school setting. With distance learning, it removes the bad peer pressure. First off, it gets rid of the bad distractions. Secondly, it encourages the benefits of completing work. Furthermore, it relieves the stress of performance. For example, it allows students to focus more on the work to be done, and not on how they look. In addition, it removes the feelings of having to do better than others in order to succeed. Distance learning doesn't put students under standards of performance, unlike a school setting does.

Lastly, it gives students an opportunity to prove themselves. It allow students to show themselves that they have what it takes to succeed. For example, it builds confidence that one can do do more than they think they can. Also, It helps build self-confidence in oneself. Not only does it help self, but it also impresses colleges as well. In proving that students can complete certain tasks efficiently and effectively, it shows that they have what it takes for the next step. In addition, it builds trust in others that they can finish what they start. In conclusion, the benefits to this are life changing.

Distance learning is a new opportunity for schools and students. It teaches people how to work independently and not to rely solely on others. Also, it removes bad societal pressures that arise from peers in a school setting. Furthermore, it gives people the opportunity to not only prove it to others that they can work but to themselves as well. In conclusion, more schools should be allowing distance learning as an option for students.