Car accidents are increasing due to the use of cell phones. People often stare at their cell phones while behind the wheel of a moving vehicle. Hundreds-of-thousands of lives were lost because of car accidents. Although the death rates are increasing, drivers today are still texting while driving. The use of cell phones while driving should not be allowed, or death rates will keep rising.

Cell phones were created to stay in contact from far away people, but only to be used as a distraction from reality. People often use their cell phones while doing important activities, driving is one of them. Using cell phones while on the road causes the drivers attention all on the phone, rather than in front of them. Plenty of lives were taken non-stop due to these incidents. Whether the driver flipped in their cars, crashed, or hitting somebody taking their lives instead.

Vehicles was supposed to make lives easier with transportation, and create a better society. Instead vehicles were used to kill others, or make people suffer. Vehicles increased the use of cell phones at an alarming rate. Soon after that, getting in car accidents were a common thing. Lives were fragile in the hands of drivers, and they shattered it.

Within the state of Georgia on 2018, a law has been passed to no longer drive with phone in hand or get a ticket. The risk of accidents is to high to have drivers behind the wheel with a phone in their hands. Both eyes should be on the road if they are behind the wheels, or receive a ticket or lose a life. Accidents has been occurring less due to the new law in Georgia. Phone holders or headphones/bluetooths are the only way to interact with cell phones while driving.

It takes time to show drivers cell phones are only going to cause pain and suffering behind the wheels. People should not have to walk on the side of the road worrying about cars harming them. Too many lives were taken by cars due to cell phones. We must ban together to stop driving with cell phones in their hands. All drivers must realize it's time to stop, and stay off their cell phones.                                        