Dear Principal,

Changing the school policy so that students have to have B or higher to participate in sports is a wonderful idea. Some students at our age do not understand that how we do in school is our future. By making this policy it will allow students to try harder in academics so they can have a bright future and participate in sports.

This policy allows students to realize that academics becomes before sports or having fun. Learning this important skill will allow students to focus on their academics and have a bright future when they graduate middle school or high school. In collage they will not have this type of determination to excel in something to participate in an activity so if they are determined to be apart in a school activity then they can learn the importance of doing well in school.

I believe all schools should make this a policy because many young adults plan to get into collage by a sports scholarships; yet they have no back up plan. With no back up plan and having not the best grades they can not get into a collage that they dreamed about. Many students have been in this situation and their future went down a drain. This is something no one wants to experience. If teachers start enforcing the fact that school is your future and you have to start planning now for it then possibly young adults will try harder to succeed in everything they do.

All schools should consider this policy for the well being of their students. Not all students have had the extra push in their life to know that this is their future and every major choice and action they make affects it. Schools having this policy gives students participating in sports that extra push. Teachers might also want to consider the idea of students participating in all activity's (not only sports), will have to get a B or higher in their classes. Also, they should hold a study time after school for anyone who needs help in their classes to give the students the idea that teachers want to see them exceed. Over all I believe this will affect students life in a positive way.

Thank you, STUDENT_NAME