Is being in the classroom the best way to learn? While most people would agree, the classroom is the best place for learning, they might be wrong. Technology is improving, and that means people can communicate much more efficiently. An improvement in communication means teachers can teach from outside of the classroom. Learning from home is much more efficient because: there are not in class distractions to deal with at home, sometimes parents plan vacations as a surprise for their kids, and students could have a snack to help stay focused.

At school there are plenty of distractions. Almost every class has a class clown, or something that makes it hard to focus on what the teacher is saying. These distractions may not seem that bad but a lot of kids have ADHD or ADD making these distractions way worse, it becomes nearly impossible for someone with ADHD or ADD to focus on the teacher. Not only would learning from home would eliminate these distractions, it would drastically improve grades and make it so much easier for students to learn. However learning from home could be beneficial in more ways.

Sometimes a students' parents will take them on vacations during the school week. In a situation where a student does not have the option of staying home while their parents go on vacation normally they would have to miss class for a couple of days. However if the student could participate in an online class then they would be able to continue learning while they are away. this would also work with getting suspended from school or being sick. No more would students be able to miss school and say they were sick.

Finally, most schools will have lunch really early or late and with growing kids there is not really a golden time to have lunch. Not only is lunch a problem but kids will leave trash in desks or on the ground so there is no food allowed in classrooms at most schools. However being able to have class from home would give students the ability to have snacks throughout the day. this would get rid of complaining about being hungry, or "when's lunch?" This would also help students focus more on the lesson with their brain not thinking about food all day.

Although there is still the at home distraction or the possibility that the student does not have internet connection where ever they might go, a student could get rid of distractions at home, and they might not be able to do anything about internet while traveling they can still get some stuff done while they are away. Online classes and distant learning programs should be considered and applied at most schools for everyone's benefit.