I disagree that all students must participate in extracurricular activities because those activities require you to stay after school, and some students might have more important tasks to do at their homes. For example, those students might have to baby sit their little siblings while their mom is still at work. I will be going into a few more examples in the following paragraphs.

The first reason why students shouldn't participate in extracurricular activities is because some might have duties to help out their mother or father. Some of those duties could be making dinner, babysitting, mowing, etc. There will also be many parents who would not want their child doing these extracurricular activities. These duties take up time, and the extracurricular activities and mess with that time.

Secondly, some students might just think it's a waste of time. Doing the yearbook club doesn't really interest many students, saying that the yearbook club just goes around taking photos. Sports doesn't interest many people, due to that the training is difficult and it takes up a lot of time. Serving on the student council is stressful. even though you make minor choices, they don't get that much thought from the school administration. You have all these positions, but what yields from the experience? Not that much.

Lastly, some students might just want to have a chill day, and might not want anything to do with extracurricular activities. They don't want the stress from them. They want some time for themselves. These activities take time away from students, and many dislike that. being stressed can make school harder, make you sleep less, and make your over all performance dwindle.

These are my reasons fro why i disagree with this decision. Some might have curfews, important business, doctors appointments, and much more. Extracurricular activities take up quite an amount of time, and could get in the way. This is why that all students shouldn't have to do extracurricular activities.