Voting time is here again and its time to cast your vote for the president, but do you know what really happenes when you vote? See the United States Constitution has this process set that the election of a president consists of the selection of electors and each state has electors based on population. Citizens vote for the electors canidate and the elecotrs take the majorety of the votes wheither it be Demicratic or Republican and all votes of that states electoral representatives vote for the states winning president. Crazy right? But is that the most effective way to this and if it is not the why shouldnt we chage it to something more fare and equal and not leave it up to some special elecorss. Leave it to the people to decide who we want for our president.

The United Staes is a fairly new country compared to others around our world yet we have some pretty advanced technologies and some really brilent ideas but when our founding fathers made the Constitution I dont think they made the best choice. Even some of our previous presidents like Nixon, Carter, Dole, Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO have said we need a better way to elect our presidents. In 2000 Al Gore had won the popular vote and was set on presidence but did not win thanks to this outragious system and lost the electoral vote and lost his shot at precendence. If you win the popular vote doesnt that mean your the fan favorate and the citezens want you to be president because the majority voted for you. During a pole shortly after Gore lost people were asked if we should keep the system we have now or chang and 60% of the people asked said that we should change. Cant you see the people are cying our for help and asking to change the system so someone like Gore doesnt get cheater again.

When campaining as a president shouldnt you try to visit every state to try and increase yo popularity? Well sadly it really doesnt work like that with this current system you see some presidents lets take Obama and Romney as and example. Some staes wont see the canidates at all because they "know" they will win the electoral votes. Obama in the 2012 election never visited some staes like Ohio or Romney and flordia because they knew that the majorety would vote for him and he would win that state. Now how is that fair. If it was up to just a popularity vote each president campaining would go to every stae trying to get as many voters as possible instead they say eh i will skip that state because I will get the majorety any ways. On top of the the electoral system makes smaller states less important because it is set up where more population means more votes. That to me is saying well you a small state so everyone in that stae you mean way less that this other state. California, Texas, and Flordia are the most campianed staes in the US because they have 55,38,29 votes respectivley. now places like Arizona, Ohio, north and south Dakota have six, three, three, and three respectivley. how is any of these people less important adn less aluable the the ones in California, Texas or Flordia.

I still cant find a reason why we should keep this sytem around and the more I think about it the more I want to get rid of it. The electoral college is taking our power as US citezens our of our hands and defies us from voting for the president and in turn makes us vote for special offece people. I say leave the electoral system and change to a popular vote wins presedency. This puts power where it should belong, in the hands of the citizens. Who else is with me on abanding the old way and taking a new step in the direction of power to the people.    