The car is one of our greatest inventions. It has completely reshaped the way we get around, unortunately cars are taking a hand in hurting our panet. Limiting car use is a great idea because its beneficial to your everyday life and it will help keep our environment clean.

Limiting car us would be very beneficial to our everyday life. Why, well yes cars are the best way to get where you need to go but they eat up alot of your living wage. Cars require alot of payments such as monthly payments, repairs, upkeep, and gas. If people started taking the bus or riding a bike then our enconomy would be on its way to improving with all the money people would save. Alot of people go in debt from car payments and gas prices an dit is very unfortunate. You would be alot happier if you removed the stress of trying to upkeep a car. Homeowners already have enough on their plate without having to keep up a money eating hunk of metal. Now I'm not saying that cars should be banned, what we should do is we should limit them. Alot of people have been happier with the removal of their car. Also alot of deaths have been from car accidents. They are dangerous machines and they should be limited. Yes I know it will be a hard adjustment, but its a good price to pay to save money and improve safety.

Smog is a big problem in countries around the world. And helping our environment is a pretty good reason to limit car use. Smog is not something we need to worry about in most of America, although the fumes released from cars do damage the ozone layer of our atmosphere. The sun releases solar flares from its surface and these solar flares hit our atmosphere. Fortunately it is strong enough to withstand the hits. But our atmosphere is weakening with all the fumes trapped inside eating it away from the inside and these solar flares could do alot of damage if they get through. Smog, like i mentioned earlier, is a big problem in places like Italy and Asia. This is because of constant fumes being pumped out of cars and factories. We are lucky that our environmental cnditions dont allow this to happen but the fumes are damagig our atmosphere and it needs to be stopped or at least reduced. If we keep going on this track we're heading on then we may not have breathable air or a livable environment in the future. And im sure nobody wants to have to put on protective gear every time they need to venture outside.

The car is one of our greatest inventions. It has completely reshaped the way we get around, unortunately cars are taking a hand in hurting our panet. Limiting car use is a great idea because its beneficial to your everyday life and it will help keep our environment clean. We have lived on this planet for over 2 thousand years, how about we start taking good care of it.    