Many studies have shown that students that suffer from mental illness usually have bad attendance and do bad in school. As technology and social media has advanced throughout the years there has been an increase in online school and home school as an option. Many social media influences as well as athletes also do online or home school to the fact that they are doing other important activities and can still focus on school and graduate. Although attending classes from home it might not be for everyone it should still be an option for students. Having the option to go to class in the comfort of you're own house or computer can be dependent and benefiting on the lifestyle you have and personal preference on learning.

Sadly many young adolescents suffer and battle anxiety everyday and gets in the way of their learning. Not just anxiety but many other mental illnesses. For instance,In big schools and highly populated school social anxiety can be hard to cope in the way of you think everyone is looking at you and get really anti social .Speaking from personal experience from someone who is diagnosed with anxiety,my freshman year I had to present in big sized class and I started to get an anxiety attack,I got really red,started shaking,felt nauseous,began stuttering, and felt the whole room closing up. Probably one of the worst experiences ever and to this day whenever I need to present I hope I don't experience that again. Many students deal with this and with anxiety you don't know when its at its peek. Having an option to avoid this through being in your home can be benefiting for students and could probably increase grades.

Along with mental illness,the lifestyle you live such as being a social media influence or athlete. School is usually 8 hours and usually around two or three hours of homework each day. Social media influencers have a busy life such as promoting brand deals,traveling,collabing with other influencers,and going to brand events. Just like famous athletes need to train almost everyday and be focused by being recruited. With doing this at home it can help them worry about what they only need to get done and at their own pace. Everyone's life is different and although school is very important we can all agree that having an education is a top priority. You can loose fame any day or get injured and loose your skill in a sport but you will never loose your knowledge or education and no one can ever take that away.

There has been many arguments against the way the school system is messed up and how school isn't about learning as much just about passing. Everyone's brain takes in information different, some are kinetic learners or even visual ones. Point is,everyone learns different and at different pace. With online school you are in control of your classes and the pace you desire. Maybe some days you want to do five hours of school work and then another you only want to do two,its all your own preference and what you feel is your pace. Ultimately ,its how you feel is the best way you learn. Some might argue, with online school that students wouldn't experience the whole"high school" experience such as prom,homecoming,football games,making friends,and even social skills. In reality,many schools offer the option of many of this with your zoned school. Luckily ,depending on your situation you can take some classes online and some at school .

Throughout the years ,online school has become more popular and easier for many students and helped improve their insights about school. Ultimately being in control of your education can help your grades. Not everyone learns the same and at the same pace. There are many restrictions with this not just in the U.S but globally and many older adults look at it in a bad way,in which it should not be. In conclusion,having the option of attending classes from your own home could be benefiting for the lifestyle they have,mental illness battling, and learning preference.