One topic that is frequently debated is about the benefit people receive to take classes online. Some people think that if someone want to keep study they have to go a school to take that class or the classes that they need. They feel that some people do not deserved the chance to take classes from their home. In my opinion i think that taking classes online is a good opportunity for many people because people can work and study at the same time, those classes can be more cheap, and not everybody have the opportunity to attend a college or an university.

First taking classes online is the opportunity that everybody want, but not everybody have. The people that take classes online is getting many advantages. They can work at the same that they are taking classes, they can take the classes during the flight or if they are in another country visiting their family they can take the classes there. They can do a lot of things during taking classes online, and they always have free time to do whatever they want. But the most important you can help your family in home or and your country.

Second online classes can be more cheaper than attending a college everyday all day. All my aunts that graduate from high school are taking classes online and they are close to end taking classes. They said is more cheap and we can save money taking those classes than attending everyday to a college. They save money and now they are capable to pay and attend a college. I personally think that is a good option for me to keep study save money and got o a college.

Finally go to a university in United States is something that not everybody can do. Because you have to speak a perfect English, you have to have good grades, your GPA have to be great, and for people that does not born here and is not a legal and just have tree or 4 years studying is almost impossible. My sister born here she went to Generic_School she was in the ten best GPA and now is in Virginia Tech University one of the best universities and Virginia. I do not think i will go there i just have tree and half years here, i will take classes online during my parents and me save money to pay a college. I am planing to got to NOVA but i will take classes online first.

As you have read classes online have many advantages that we can get if we take it. We can save money, spend time with our family , visit many places and the possibility to go a college. Classes online is the way that you can get your goal, the way that you can feel comfortable taking it at home. But also is the way that you can work and get money. classes online was made for people like us, that are trying to study and be a professional in the future. 