One summer afternoon, a boy named Generic_Name asked his mom if he could go to the park. She agreed, but told him not to stay out too late. Generic_Name informed his dad about going out and he said to travel with a few of his friends, due to kidnappings in the area he didn't want Generic_Name to be alone at the park. Generic_Name also told his older brother about him leaving the house for a bit and he said to watch the area for anything suspicious and that if he did see something, that Generic_Name and his friends should head home immediately. Thanks to his family, Generic_Name and his friends got home safe and sound. Listening to multiple opinions can help people make safer and smarter decisions.

The first example is that multiple opinions can help you make safer choices. Like with Generic_Name, going out with people you know is a great way to stay safe. Doing things in broad daylight helps as well. Unfortunately many kidnappings and random shootings are happening presently. Following all of this advice could help a simple walk to the corner store just that much safer.

Secondly, taking in multiple opinions help people make smarter decisions too. Referring back to the introduction when Generic_Name's brother told him to survey the area and watch for any strange activity was an amazing idea. Watching for people that are acting out of the ordinary is a helpful tip, because if that person were to do something weird knowing who exactly it is your getting away from is a good thing. You also always want to know where you are at all times. It's also important to know where every exit and entrance available in any public setting.

In summary, listening to the advice of multiple people is a way to stay safe and make educated decisions. If Generic_Name were to just leave the house without speaking to his dad or brother, who knows what could have happened. The safety of you and your peers is a major priority. Everyone should get a second opinion on as many things as possible. 