Driverless cars are in theory is a good idea, but when put to the test with real humans inside of them they are far too dangerours and not practical. With no one driving the car, only relying on senors, there is way too many possiblities to injury wether it is the riders or pedestrians. The smart cars would be too expensive for the average american and just not realistic.

In the article, Driverless Cars Are Coming it states that "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009" What are the specific conditions? Certainly not in a hard rain or heavy snowfall. In real life situations no one watching the road is a huge risk, anything could happen that a senor could not detect. People should not trust a senor to carry their family to their destination, wether it is ten mintues away or an hour.

Who would be at fault if in an accident a driverless car hit another cart that did have a driver in it? With a driverless car the driver would get bored, doze off or spend time on his/her cell phone. With a distracted driver the likelihood of an accident increases dramaticly. The driver presuming that no accidetns will occur would look away from the road, but when a car B pulls out unexpectidly infront of it whose fault would it be? The manufacturer? The driver in the driverless car? Or the driver in car B?

Puting ones' self or ones' family in that kinda of danger is really testing their luck. Smart cars that can drive themselves would be extremly expensive. Brands like Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan are already in the hundrend-thousand dollar range. A car like is is not practical to the everyday person.

Those who ride in driverless car are put in more danger than those who ride along with a driver. Driverless cars are likely to cause more accident, especially because the car is not seeing what is going on infront of it. The car will not be able to notice black ice, a heavily trafficed area, road construction or know exactly when to use the brake if an accident were to occur infront of it. These types of cars are way too expensive, not realistic and not as safe as they seem to be.            