Will students learn more if they design their own projects? Some schools require students to work over the summer to assure they keep learning and can come prepared for a new school year. However, most of the time these projects are designed by teachers, making them boring and repetitive. Students will be able to plan and find a good solution to create a project that will be easy for them to finish. They will not just be learning about a certain subject, but they will be also learning new skills. While some people might think that summer projects should be teacher-designed; it is a better option if they are student-designed because it helps them work on creativity, teaches them to work as a team, and gives them the opportunity to learn their own way.

Students will work on their creativity, while thinking on ways of learning. Projects are made so students can develop what they are studying in a certain class, but these can be boring sometimes. This idea makes students work and think like teachers, by creating activities that will help them continue gaining knowledge. I can be creative when I am given the opportunity. Designing a project, is a fun way for me to think and come up with different ideas to create a project that will help me and my peers to learn.

Working as a team it's a big part of life. Everywhere you go, you will have to work with other people. This can be at school, college, work, if you play a sport, if you do theater, etc. Working as a team requires of many skills: being patient, a good listener, and supportive. Many students, around the world, focus on themselves and are too individualist, or they just don't know how to relate with other people. Most of the time, the main reason of this is that they are shy and introverts. Fun activities, like this one, will help them be more open about it, and will help them work with their peers since they want to achieve a common goal.

This is a good opportunity for students to learn their own way. Most teachers leave many activities for students to do over the summer, without caring that this is their only long vacation after an exhausting year. For example, these activities are hard and too long; it gets to the point that students can't have fun because they are stressing out in order to finish these projects. Students are limited by the activities made by teachers; and creating a project is the perfect opportunity for them to think about everything they've learned without making it too complicated to solve. Most important, they will have the freedom to create a project without getting limited by their teachers.

Some people might say summer projects should be teacher-designed because they have more knowledge than students; however, they should be student-designed because it helps them develop new skills while learning at the same time. Summer time it's supposed to not be stressful for students; therefore they shouldn't be worrying about doing a project that takes long to finish. If students make their own projects, they can start off by thinking how much time they will be able to focus, during vacation, to finish school work; and finally they will come up with the perfect project for them. Learning can also be fun, specially if students will contribute with each other for a good purpose.             