Keeping the Electoral College is not smart for the united states voting system. First, many citizens all over the country don't agree with the voting system. Second, the Electoral College may be swayed by bias. Third, citizens do not really have control over their vote. The Electoral College system should be changed.

Many American citizens do not agree with the voting system. Citizens have grievances about the system being unfair and unreasonable. The Office of the Federal Register states, "It's official: The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality" (source 1). If American citizens are persistant with the issue, and continue to argue, then why is the government keeping the system? Why doesn't the government come up with a more rational voting system?

The Electoral College's vote may be swayed by bias. How can we trust total strangers with our vote? Bradford Plumer states, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in the states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states (source 2). Voters do not get the full effect of voting because they are voting for other "qualified" people to vote for them. How is that possibly effective?

Citizens do not have control over their vote. Once citizens vote their vote is out of their hands. The Electoral College chooses the president for them and there is nothing citizens can do about it. Bradford Plumer states, "Your states certificates of Ascertainments are sent to the congress and the national archives as part of the official records of the presidential election" (source 2). The government has full control over how the election goes, not the citizens who voted.

The entire Electoral College system is completely irrational. The government needs to come up with a new way to vote for future presidents that is more fair. If we find a solution to this problem the government will not only gain favor of the American citizens, but also keep the balance that is established by the constitution. The American citizens will have control over their vote. The Electoral College should be abolished.    