Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College is widely awknowledged for serves a purpose as a method of selecting a president and vice president, not a legitimate college. The Electoral College was established by the founding fathers in the Constitution as a compromise between having the President elected by a vote in Congress and an election by a popular vote of qualified citizens. This process of choosing a president needs to be modified into popular vote for the reasons that the Electoral College was established to actually vote a slate of electors, voters feel disenfranchised, and is unfair to voters.

To begin with, the Electoral College was actually established for voters to vote for a series of electors, which then get together to have the final decision. Stated in "What is the Electoral College?" by the Office of the Federal Register, " The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise...process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for President and Vice President, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress." This means that under this system, voters don't vote for the president, but for electors who then elect the president. The voters sometimes aren't told full front that they are chosing someone else and not always can they control who their electors are voting, leaving many puzzled. Voters aren't to be puzzled. They are to vote who they'd like because it allows them a freedom to express who they want because they are strongly awknowledged of the troubles of their society and how they should be handled.

In addition, the Electoral College makes voters feel discouraged and disenfranchised. According to "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner, it is stated, " No region...has enough electoral votes to lect a president...residents of the other regions are likely to feel...that their votes do not count...that he really isn't their president." This means that voters feel that the presidnet they chose is their president because they believe their votes count.

Futhermore, the Electoral College is unfair and irrational to voters because the candidates they "vote" for don't spend time with them. Sizes matter to the candidates. According to "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, it is stated, "...the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates do't spend time in states they know have no chance of winning..." This quote conveys that because some states are small in population and size, they will not help the candidate succeed. This is immensely discouraging to the voters because they feel worthless for not being big in size. Candidates should not have an excuse to not thank all their voters because every vote counts, not matter how small.

Admittedly, the Electoral College allows a clear and certain outcome because it exceeds the popular vote, however, the method is actually turning off potential voters for a candidate. The popular vote allows every voter to express their opinions because the overall vote chooses the puopular president.

In the final analysis, a change is needed because with the Electoral College many candidates are losing potential voters considering that the qualified feel that they arn't doing much by voting considering they aren't voting for the president, but a gamut of electors to vote for them. They alos express the feeling of discontent and unfairness because they feel that they don't count and know they have no chance at winning.            