Since the beginning of time people have always wanted the next big thing. After watching many movies where cars that don't need drivers are being used, people have wanted to make this a reality. Since 2009 there have been cars that could drive independently under certain conditions (paragraph 2). However, by making these driverless cars legal it makes driving even more dangerous.

In paragraph 7 it states ," This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." After drivers get use to this car they will be more relaxed and not as alert as usual. It will be easy for drivers to drift off or get distracted. This is because the car is doing most of the work. This could cause many wrecks that could injure not only the driver, but others on the road too.

When driving a driverless car many drivers would not be aware of their surroundings. In paragraph 8 it says , " Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over - something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone. In this way the in-car system is actually a saftey feature." If drivers are texting while using a Driverless car , then it means they are not paying attention. In an emergency the driver would not have enough time to stop. If a child or animal ran out infront of the car, it would be to late. The driver would not have enough time to react and stop the car. The car would not have enough time to alert the driver.

Another con about a driverless car is who to blame when an accident occurs. Paragraph 9 states ," If technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" Many car accidents take place each day, which means the odds of a driverless car getting in an accident are probably pretty likely. If this did occur the driver could blame the manufacture saying that the car didn't alert the driver. The manufactures could blame the driver by saying that any driver of a driverless car must always be alert. This now affects not only the driver, but the manufactures and the other people in the accident.

Driverless cars would make roads even more dangerous and unsafe. They give drivers an excuse to not pay attention to the road and the things around them. This could cause very serious accidents. It is safest if cars remain where drivers are always in control. 