As the school year approaches, students begin to turn their attention towards the daunting task of summer assignments. Teachers give assignments to their future students, whether it be books to read or projects to complete. These are designed to ensure that the students don't forget everything they learned in the previous year during summer. These summer projects should be student designed because students would be more motivated, students would know what they are doing more,

and teachers could get an idea of what the student is like before the school year completely starts.

It is not uncommon for students to not want to do a project that their teacher assigned them, and the fact that this project is during their precious summer break doesn't make it any better. A student might not try as hard on this assignment, or maybe even not do it, which defeats the purpose of a summer project. But if a student were to create their own assignment, that student would be much more motivated to complete the task. For example, if a teacher told their students to read a book and write a report on it, it likely wouldn't appeal to those who have to read the book. But if the student were to choose what project they wanted to do after reading the book, they could pick something they enjoy doing, and therefore the assignment would be much more productive.

Before students meet their teacher at the beginning of the year, they are left with he inability to ask questions about the projects assigned to them over summer. This means that if the teachers give vague instructions, or the a student generally doesn't understand the assigned task, they best they can do is try to email their teacher and hope for a response. But, if a student picked their own project, they would definitely pick something that they know they understand and can do. For example, if a teacher tell their students to read a book and create a diorama, the students won't know what they need to create a diorama of. Now, a student given the same book but told to pick their own project would choose an activity based on the book that they know how to do, which would allow them to better complete the assignment.

Summer projects are the first way a teacher gets to know what a student is like. If every one of the teacher's students is assigned the same exact project, they likely won't be able to tell much about the student. But, if a student is able to pick their own assignment, the teacher can begin to get an idea of how that student learns. For example, if the students are told to read a book but are allowed to choose their own projects, one student might choose to rewrite a scene of the book form a different perspective. This could tell the teacher that this student is a good reader and writer who understands the text they are given. Another student could choose to make a three dimensional model of something significant in the book, telling the teacher they are more creative and visual. This allows teachers to start to know their students.

It goes without saying that the typical student wants to eliminate summer assignments altogether to have a responsibility-free summer, but a student-designed summer assignment is the next best thing. It allows the assignment to still get done, while letting students show thier teachers what they like to do, along with keeping them motivated and understanding the project.