Mona Lisa's emotions were recently tested and showed she was prodominantly happy in the picture she is so famous for. Her emotions were read using new software called the Facial Action Coding System or FACS for short. After the Mona Lisa scan, they saw that she was 83% happy, this is a positive for people who admire the Mona Lisa. Thus, A new software has came out and it did a positive thing already by reading the emotions of the Mona Lisa, a very admired painting.

The Facial Action Coding System is a system that reads the emotions of its subjectees, The program takes alot to run as it has to run many complex algorithims , which may be slow for a computer that is slow. It can be used in others places rather than just in paintings, it could be used to read the emotions of drivers before a crash takes place, This lets the cops know if the person was on anything, as his chemical levels would be at a disbalance.

Classrooms are a notorius place for students to fall asleep to the sounds of their teacher or to easily get off task and the teacher may not even know, but with the Facial Action Coding System, it could read the students emotions to see if they're up to date with whats going on in class, you could see if any of them are bored, or .distracted, this helps the lesson planner by planning more accordingly based on independent classroom statistics. Thus, classrooms are a good place for children to be, but they would be better off if they had fun while they had schools as well, this gives them the idea that school is fun and they should give it another shot.

The Facial Action Coding System is a software program that follows intense algorithums that allow it to the the amazing act of reading other emotions, this is very helpful in todays thoughts, it can be used by law enforcement and schools in America. Therefore, its uses are very important for the public and the federal government as it may use this technology for their own uses.

In the end, this technology that was just invented was a game changing techn ology, it can be used on both a psychological exam of just the study for students in a classroom. The FAC System successfully read the emotions of the notroius Mona Lisa, a famous painting from a very long time ago. Thus, the Facs system was a game changing break through that will likely be incorporated in finding statistics or just reading your students emotions.