In the Westminister system, the head of state and or government is elected by the majority of both houses of their respective national legislature. In the popular vote system, the head of state and or government is elected by the majority of the nation. Unlike the Westminister system, the popular vote system has a vast array of ways to carryout the elections. Tyrants sway the people and if the people are sovreign we can't let them hold all the power when they can easily be misguided. For the safety of freedom against tyranny and for the safety of the people's sovreignty; the United States must ensure the continuity of the Electoral College.

The united states of america is the oldest surviving republic in modern day times. This is because our founding fathers were some of the greatest thinkers in american history. the idea of the electoral college was heavily influenced by the English system of government and also the Iriqouis Confederacy though it is usually unrecognized due to the fact that many americans, at the time, thought Native Americans were savages. One of the principles of English government the founding fathers used was the idea of electing heads of the nation. in the United Kingdom the Prime Minister, i. e. the head of government, was elected by the majority of the house of commons and then approval by some higher authority to ensure the vote was valid and legitimate. Our founding fathers were afraid of a popularly elected dictator who would bring down the principles of republicanism and democratic institutions. So the Founding Fathers decided to create a system where the head of state and his office where responsible and questionable to the Federal legislature; the United States Congress. He could be impeached by congress if he had committed crimes and removed from office if he was unfit to carry out the duties he was entrusted with. The electoral college was made to ensure that despotism never happens in the United States. Adolf Hitler was never elected to any office, he was appointed to the chancellorship of Germany by President Hindenburg because Hitler held the people's trust and approval. Benito Mussolini was appointed Prime Minister of Italy by the King because he had the people on his side. This cannot happen in the United States because we have the Electoral College. the electors of the President are ordinary people that no one really knows whom they are. the electoral college is not democratic and it was not supposed to be. This is representative democracy or republicanism. According to Richard A. Posner,"...the electoral college method is not democratic in a modern sense... it is the electors who elect the president, not the people."

Governments are flawed and some are so corrupt and abusive that their extremitites cannot be mentioned. The United States government and congress have always had the interests of the people in their mind. However, there is a rising faction of people of the united states that want to remove the electoral college, one of whom was Richard Milhouse Nixon who was the 37th president of the united states and was the only person to resign the office due to unconstitutional scandals. this growing faction states that because the Electoral College is not democratic enough that it should be done away with. According to Bradford Plumer,"The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." What many forget to realize is that the Electoral College is a Presidium for the elections, it presides over and gives the real vote in the elections because it comprises of random people representing both the states and the states' populations. This is representation in the election process.

The Electoral College is the people's representation. It was made by the Founding Fathers of the united States for a purpose. though many not approve of the Electoral College, many of our nation's greatest presidents were elected by it like John F. Kennedy, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, and Thomas Jefferson. To ensure the safety of freedom against tyranny and for the safety of the people's sovreignty; the United States must ensure the continuity of the Electoral College.            