Should Drivers Be Able to Use Cell Phones While Driving?

"The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving. 1 out of every 4 car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving." Drivers shouldn't be able to use their phones while driving because it creates a distraction that could not only lead to injury to the person on their phone but also other innocent drivers on the road. Even the most experienced drivers can find themselves losing control of the wheel while concentrating on their phones. Also driving is a task that requires constant awareness, any type of diversion can lead to accidents no matter how quick it is. In a lot of cases death and serious injury is the result of "glancing" at your phone even for two seconds. In reality no text, call, video, etc is worth losing a life over.

Additionally the mortality rate behind using cellphones while driving has caused some states to take legal action. 19 states have banned hand-held cell phone usage while diving, 39 states bans any cell phone usage for novice drivers, 20 states bans any cell phone usage for school buses and 48 states have banned texting while driving. So not only is cell phone usage while driving dangerous but also illegal. So if you are using a cellphone you risk getting into an accident and getting into trouble with the law, which could possibly require jail time or a fine. Also this can affect your insurance, constant tickets and fines from texting while driving can make your insurance go up almost two times its original cost.

According to research cell phones are leading factors that cause car accidents. Studies show that using a cell phone can make you 4x more likely to crash. Despite the dangers, people still use their cell phones while driving to communicate or occupy themselves. Some may argue that using hands-free features is safe, but research shows it can be just as dangerous as holding the phone because the conversation can distract drivers from the road. Distracted drivers have a slower reaction time meaning in case of an emergency where they need to make a quick move they won't be able to. Having that quick extinct when you're not distracted could make the difference between life and death.

Although people may say "It was just a one time thing, I barely text while driving." Science begs a differ, during recent years it has been studied that texting while driving has become a huge epidemic. Scientist have even compared it to craving junk food, stating that like junk food we crave being on our phones. Study shows that the average person check their phone once every 12 minutes and 80 times a day. So using your phone while driving can definitely become a habit even if you just do it a "couple times".

In conclusion, if people don't give up cell-phones the number of fatalities on the roads will still increase. It is people's responsibility to not incur their own and others people lives. Putting up your cell phone and waiting until you're at a stable place can save your life. No one should put themselves or others at risk to reply to a text message. Even if you're hands-free it can still distract you on the road and make you unable to make detrimental last minute decisions.

Everyone should be mindful of everyone and themselves and focus only on driving when their on the road.                              