Dear Principal,

Sports are great! You should most definitely allow students with an average below a B play them. This is because sports give you exercise, allows students to interact with each other, and gives students the chance to have a little competition in their day.

First off, sports are great for students because it gives them the exercise they need. Without exercise, students and others, tend to become more lazy. In language arts, I read this passage that said, "If you sit down in front of the TV for more than two hours a day, it increases the chance of having heart problems." You wouldn't want this to happen to your students would you? I don't think any principal would, it will cause many problems in the school. Therefore, since exercise is needed in a child's life, they should be able to play them even if they have an average below a B!

Not only is exercise great for kids, but children and students need to interact with each other. If you don't let students play sports because they have a low grade, you might end up ruining their social life. A recent poll says, "90% of our voters voted that kids need to have sports in their life. Without sports, they just sit home and do nothing. They can't talk to their friends and other classmates because they are playing sports. So they get used to being alone and don't want to hang out with others" This quote states that without sports, kids can't interact with each other, which will cause them to lose their social life! Would you want to be the blame of your students social life? I know I wouldn't. Therefore, if you do not want to ruin the students social life, let them play sports!

Not only is exercise and interaction between the students important, but it gives students the chance to have a little competition in their day. This is because, many students get very competitive over sports, so they would want to help the school get publicity. I know this because recently there was a basketball tournament at our school and nobody thought that our eighth grade boys would even win a game. This made the boys want to prove everyone else wrong because they knew they can do it, so they tried their best and actually made it to the championship! This was all over the news and got our school known statewide. Without these boys, many people wouldn't know our school. You wouldn't want this would you? I definitely wouldn't. Therefore, if you want our students to have some competition in their day, and maybe even get our school some publicity, you should let students play sports, even with low grades.

All these reasons are great, which is why you most definitely should let students play sports even if they have a low average. It gets kids their daily exercise, allows them to hang out with other students and classmates, and it will add a little competition during the school day. You wouldn't want all these good things go to waste would you? Please let students play sports with a low average, it isn't that bad! It will definitely do our school a lot of good! And you want that!

Sincerely,

A student who loves sports