Should we keep the

Electoral College?

Dear state senator, i been reading all these arguments on whether we should keep the Electoral College or not. My opinion is, that we should most definitly keep it. We can avoid run off elections, there could be a great outcome, although we dont pick who gets to be president, we're still picking so people can elect that one president. But that's just my opinion. So please read on and just look into it.

Mr. Senator sir, did you know that in "1968 the election of nixon and in 1992 the election of Clinton both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370 electoral votes, respectively). That's pressure for a run off elections... when no canidate wins a majority of that votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, which on the other hand if they had gone with the Electoral College that would have invariably produced a clear winner" I read that off of an article. Now that sounds pretty reasonable to me Senator sir. You wouldn't want to complicate an election just because of something little would you now? American population did vote in 2012's election but voters in presidential elections are peopls who want to express a political prefernece than the people who think that a single vote of theirs might decide an election. Think about that sir.

Don't you ever think to compare what the outcomes would be if we voted a certain way? Well if you went with the Electoral College you would have a certainty of an outcome senator, like for example in 2012's election, Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent of the popular votes. Almost all the states award the electoral votes on a winner takes all. The Electoral College requires a presedential candidate to have a trans regional appeal. Whoever wins the election its going to be everyone's president so why not pick the best guy for the job. The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance in that large states by popukation.

Although we might not particularly be voting for the presidents but for the people who vote for him we are techanically still voting for him thats just one of the cons about this. That's why people are argueing in the first place, some people know that we don't vote for the president himself just the people he chose to elect him. Other peopls think that yeah we do vote for him that they want other people to know that they're a republican and what not , but that isnt the point. The point is that we need someone good enough to run our country! Not just to show that theyre republicans or democrats.

That is my opinion on which process to go on for electing president. you might get other people's opinion but I think its better if we just use the Electoral College process. It wont complicate things for you or anyone else. It is a clearer way of showing who has one the election and who hasn't. This process would make life way easier , and it won't waste more time that shouldnt be wasted! So Mr. Senator sir, look into that process.         