People think about today's world as the era of technology; constantly advancing and creating new ideas beneficial to us all. But are they really benefiting all of us? That's where the car comes in. Automobiles are one of the highest polluting machines out there. People are constantly worrying about greenhouse gas emissions while they use their cars consistently. Now, when us stubborn Americans try to imagine a life without cars, we immediately oppose the idea. But can you blame us? Society has been built upon the idea of cars since World War II. Cities are so widely spread out that the mear thought of walking or biking to the nearest shopping mall makes you appreciate your car even more. It could take a matter of time before any civilization modernizes into a car-free society.

But people must realize what the real matter here is; less driving equals a healthier planet. Think all of how much less pollution would be around if people did not use their cars so religiously. Our earth is sacred. If we continue to destroy it with fossil fuels and car exhaust, there will not be anything left for generations to come.

Not only would the environment improve drastically, but people would also save money from not having to buy gas! If you pay $3.50 for a gallon of gas, that can add up extremely quick. Imagine all the alternatives you could use that money for instead of gas. Why pay for oil when you can simply ride a bike for free? Biking and walking rather than driving is much healthier for your physical state as well. Altogether, people will be much happier and at a better state of mind with cars banished from every day life.

As you see in cities such as Seattle, Washington for example; hardly anyone owns a car. The people have revolutionized into using the trains. The subways create less smog, more efficient car pooling, and will still get you to your destination in a blink of an eye. Seattle is a booming city, teaming with life. If that is not proof of sufficient life without cars, then I do not know what is.

Humans' lives revolve around automobiles. Just think about your average day. I can gurantee you spend a good amount of time driving hastily around town trying to get to your many destinations. This can be stressful. As stated in one of the articles above, a media trainer and mother of two who resides in Vauban, Germany, a car-free city, said, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Nobody wants to spend their evenings in their car while they could be spending quality time with their family, but that seems to be the way everyone lives nowadays.

A car-free world is the ideal society us as people should strive for. There are extinential benefits to life without automobiles and many downfalls to life with automobiles. If people can all stand together on the idea of a better way of life, then why not try it?    