Generic_Name wakes up to realize that he has still not turned in his submission for the summer project. He is stressed out with the work needed to be done and decides to rush it in order to turn it in, but it turns out horrendous and he cannot do the project he wished on doing during the summer. Some schools require that students must complete summer projects, and these projects are either teacher-designed or student-designed. Even though some schools may argue that student-designed summer project are superior because the students have more control on the topic for the summer, but schools should have teacher-designed summer projects because they provide better education for the students, less stress for the students, and better grading for the students.

To begin, school based summer project summer projects should be teacher-based because it provides a better education for the students. For example, normal school project are mainly chosen by the teacher due to their superior intellect. The reason why teachers mainly choose the topic is because they are the ones teaching it and have more experience with the topic they teach. Another example, is when students choose the topic of a project, but it tends to be slightly off topic, which tarnishes their intellect. The reason behind this is because they do not contain the same intellect as their teachers and know a minuscule amount the topic compared to them. Thus concluding that a summer project would not be as challenging to the student's mind if students had the choice to design their project.

Secondly, school based summer project summer projects should be teacher-based because it provides less stress for the students. For example, normal school projects chosen by the teacher are not as stressful. This is due to teachers knowing their topic and choosing a project that will challenge the student's mind, but will still remain not too stressful. On the other hand, if student had the choice to choose their topic it would be stressful to them, this happens because students have multiple tasks at hand during school like paying attention in class and studying. This ends up in not having the time to choose a topic in their interest and would just rush it and it would end up being horrendous. Thus concluding that it would end up in stressing the students out more than inspiring them.

Finally, school based summer project summer projects should be teacher-based because it provides better grading for the students. For example, after a project designed by a teacher is done the students must turn it in to be easily graded. This happens because the teacher is the one who designed it and knows how to critique it. On the other hand, a project designed by a students being grading is difficult compared to one made by a teacher. This is due to the teacher not knowing what to grade when viewing a student-designed project, and can often result in a worse grade that what it was worth. Thus concluding that grading a project is easier when it was designed by a teacher.

In conclusion, summer project designed by teachers are overall superior because they provide better education for the students, less stress for the students, and better grading for the students. If schools allow students to partake in the designing of the summer projects it will end up hurting the students more than it helps. You can help out by informing teachers for them to design the project in order not to harm your grade.