For years I've heard that voting time is the choice of the people. But with Electoral College, it's not about the people; it's about the slate electors. When voting for what president the people want, they aren't voting for the president, they are voting for a slate of electors. But if two people are going for president, and one wins the national popular vote but the other has more electors votes; the one with more electors votes will be president. I think changing the election to popular voting for the president would be better than Electoral College, I'm not the only one that agrees.

When voting time comes around you see a lot of publicity about each person running for office months before the actually voting time. And between that time of the publicity starts and to the voting date you are picking which person you want in office. You may do some research, listen to all the radio or TV interviews, and/or watch all the speeches each person does. The whole time you are set on one person to be president. But yet you can't vote for them, becuase of Electoral College. You vote for the slate electors, the electors vote for the president. Maybe your slate elector doens't want that person, they can vote for the other runner. Voters can't always control whom their electors votes for. Sometimes voters get confused on the electors and vote for the wrong candidate.

To pick a electors to depends on the state. Maybe it's a state convention, state party's central committee who chooses, maybe the presidential candidates themselves even. It's not always the people's choice on who is president. It has happened before, two people gone for president, one gets more national votes while the other has more electors votes. And of course, the one with more electors votes goes into office. Even though the people decided they wanted the other runner.

During elections the runner for president tend to only pay attention to the more populated state such as California, New York, Florida, and Texas rather than the smaller states that have less number of electoral votes like Hawaii, Alaska, North and South Dakota, or New Hampshire.

According to Bradford Plumer in "The Indefennsible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong," Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and AFL-CIO all agreed on getting rid of electoral college. Over 60% of votes would rather have a direct election to having Electoral College. They rather have a president win by popular vote than having slate electors vote on a president for them.

Voting for a leader of your country should be the people's choice. Not slate electors. It should be by popular vote, not Electoral College's vote. I say listen to the people, vote on popular vote.                    