Driving a car is not a necessity in life and countries are starting to realize that. A car is merely "just a means of getting from [point] A to B" (Source 4). The stress and pollution caused by these vehicles is not worth it for some countries. They would rather have less stressed people, less pollution and less traffic accidents and congestion in the streets.

Germany believes that the lifestyle of driving a car is not neccessary. "There are only two places to park - large garages [] where a car owner can buy a space" (Source 1) These parking spaces cost $40,000, and the car owner buys this space along with a house. As a result of this phenomenon "70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars" (Source 1) and 57 percent of people sold their car and chose to move to Vauban, Germany. Cars are "responsible for 12 percent of greehouse gas emissions in Europe" (Source 1). Yet there have been efforts to lower the greenhouse gases, Vauban put a stop to cars to make the citites nice, and better for walking.

Paris is one of the most known tourist destinations in the world. People cluster in from around the world to see the Effiel Tower, which stands straight into the sky. Their main tourist attraction is a monument that goes into the sky. No wonder they want to cut down on cars' pollution. "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals" (Source 2).

A home to 7 million people, Bogota, Colombia is trying to spread their program globally and reduce the pollution from the once nessecary cars. "The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog" (Source 3). Violaters are faced with $25 fines. In a car free day, "the turnout was large" (Source 3). It is believed to be a great oppurtunity to relieve stress and lower air pollution. Bogota's program is "generating a revolutionary change" (Source 3) and the idea is spreading across borders.

"America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling" (Source 4). The United States is one of the top most prosperous countries in the world and the culture revolves around transportation. Americans depend on their cars to help them preform their daily lives. The explaination of the "cooling of vehicles" is a result of unemployment and the recession. Many Americans are "cash-strapped" (Source 4), and cannot afford new cars. If the pattern of car ownership continues to decrease, it will benefit the environment with less pollution and car emissions. But, a negative results for the car industry's.

Pedestrians, bicycles, cars, commerical and public transportation all play a crucial role in the lives of people across the globe. They are "woven into a connected network" (Source 4) to save time, resources, pollution and promote safety.    