Dear principal,

I have heard that you want to require students to do a certain amount of community service. I have some suggestions and opinions on this matter that i would like for you to take under consideration.

First is that i don't think that students should have to do to much community service. I do think it is a good idea to make them do some but not too much. If you give them to much it might take away from their learning experience and also they might not do a good job. If i was given to much i would probably slack off too. But i think it would be better if they would volunteer. Maybe if you give them an assignment to help the community for a week and then at the end ask them if they like it or not. If they don't like their assignment you could give them a new one until they get one they like doing.

I don't think you should give them any over the top assignments either. If the students are strained to much they could hurt themselves or it could cause a lot of stress. School is already a lot of stress with homework, schoolwork, after school events, and clubs. So if there is too much stress on them coming from the community service their grades could slip, they could rebel against the teachers or even their parents.

Also to save gas and money i think you should keep these tasks simple and very local. The supplies for these activities are probably going to be very expensive to begin with and children can be careless and break something.

I have noticed that the area around the school is very messy and needs to be cleaned. This could be a low cost job. Also there could be a garden or some trees planted to make the school look better and full of life. Also there are a few people living around the school that don't seem to have a lot of money so we could help clean their yards or plant a garden for them.

Something that could not only help your students but also make you school better is have some of the older students tutor the younger kids so you could save money on hiring people to come to tutor them.

So as you can see there are many reasons to make and not to make students do community service. But if you can compromise with the students about this i think it could benefit the school, the students, and the community. Thank you for listening to my suggestions and i hope you make a wise decision.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME            