"You could be the smartest kid in the world, but if all you do is study, then no collage will want you!" This advise from my mom is truly one of the most important things she said to my brother when he was applying to collage, because it is really true. The decision to have all students do at least one extra curricular is the right choice because students will get opportunities they never would have gotten, and the friendships that will last a lifetime!

Without joining after school clubs, I would have never gotten the opportunities I did. When I joined a competitive dance team, I never thought I would get the chance to learn from professional dancers. As my mom drove along the road to my dance convention, I thought about who I would see, and what dances we would learn. When we got to the location, I hopped out of the car and went through the big, metal doors. I looked around and was absolutely shocked. I saw my dance idol, Generic_Name! Her classes were amazing and if I never joined the dance team, I would never have gotten the opportunity to learn from a professional. Though parents and students may be reluctant, it is overall better if minors do extra curricular activities. There are so many things that come out of doing sports, yearbook, or even if students just do the math club! Each one provides lots of benefits. Studies show students who do one or more activities outside from school do far better than those who don't. Speaking of school, doing clubs after school programs help you in school as well!

My brother joined a programming club in 9th grade, and continued to do it every year. This club helped him understand the material he learned in his computer science class, and he excelled in it. This club helped him realize he loved programming, too. Recently, he got a letter from his dream collage, and they accepted him with a scholarship! If he never joined, he might not have been accepted or not gotten a scholarship to that collage. If teenagers don't sign up for clubs, they will miss out on amazing chances.

Friends that teenager's make in after school programs, could last for years! I've met some of my best friends through my extra curricular, dance. They don't even go to the same school as me! It started when we all were in the same ballet class, and we clicked. I would never have met them if it wasn't for doing dance. Adolescents need to make friends in order to live happily. Some teenagers might have a bad reputation at school, consequently, nobody wants to be friends with them. Luckily for them, most extra curricular activities take place outside of school. Nobody would know about their reputation, so they can start out fresh. Adolescents might even meet their future maid of honor! My mom met her Maid of Honor through a sewing club. Originally, my mom never wanted to do this club, but her mother made her. She was very reluctant the first few times, but started talking to another girl, Generic_Name. Overtime, they became very close and stayed friends throughout high school, and collage. When my mom was planning her wedding, she thought of her best friend, Generic_Name, to be her Maid of Honor. To this day, they are still best friends and it all started in a sewing club! Remember that all the friends kids meet in clubs, could last them into their golden years.

The principle is making the right decision to enforce this policy because it is providing students with countless opportunities and chances to meet their best friends! Remember, the next time a child asks to do a club, always say yes! 