The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. One reason why I thik is valuable for a classroom is because it can see if you happy, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. Another reason is " a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Lastly, teachers can communicate with their students better and understand them, if she knows the way they are feeling. Can this app be spread through all teachers in schools?

First reason is because it can see if your happy surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. This can help students to be more kind to their friends because they know how that person is feeling. It can also help them selfs to realize the way they are feeling because sometimes you don't even know how you feeling. It can help students to change their emotions and feel better about themselfs.

Second reason is "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. This can help teacher to know when students need help. It could also help the teacher see if they are bored and make the class a little more fun for students. Teachers can learn more everyday about her students and see her kids have any problems at home or in school.

Last reason is teachers can communicate with their students better and understand them, if she knows the way they are feeling. The teacher could help the student by giving him space or time alone and not be so hard on him. Teacher could communicate with the student and help them get their feelings out and make them feel better. Teachers might start giving their kids more leassons abou how to feel and how make themselfs get up when ypu feel like the world is against you. Students might start coming to class more happy.

The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom it can be valuable. For teachers to know students feelings. For teachers to also make the classroom more fun. For teachers to communicate better with students. This could be really helpfull for teacher the most. That's why this could help a classroom with students.      