Giving advise is like two ears, you always have to listen. When people ask for advise, they sometimes talk to more than one person. You should always ask for more than one person's opinion, for it's better to hear more than one person's opinion, seeking advise from multiple can help out a lot, and sometime's you may not like the advise that one person is giving you.

To begin with, it's better to hear more than one person's opinion. When somebody is giving you advise you should ask more than one person to hear what they have to say. You cannot just take someone's opinion and run with it because what their telling you might not be right and you could get in trouble for taking their advise. For example if I got in an argument and I ask for my friend's advise and she tell's me to do something bad than I could get in trouble for using her advise when I should have asked multiple people. So asking for more than one person's advise is better so you won't get in trouble.

Also, seeking advise from multiple people can help out a lot. If you need advise you could ask a few friend's that you're not that close to because they may give you good advise and you could build a stronger bond with them. Also if you ask multiple people for advise some might say they same thing and some might say different so you can choose from the one's who are telling you the same thing. For example, if I were asking people for advise and most people are telling me the same thing I would choose the advise that most people are telling me. Hearing multiple people's opinion's can help in different but good ways so you should always ask more than one person's opinion.

Finally, sometimes you may not like the advise that one person is giving you. Some people could give you bad advise or tell you something that's not in the right so you might not like that. If you don't like what one person is telling you could go ask someone else like a friend or a school councilor and they might give you better advise. For example if I was given bad advise I would go ask someone else that I know would give me good advise. If you were given bad advise maybe you should ask multiple people next time.

In conclusion, you should seek multiple peoples opinion's. It could help out a lot with problems that you're going through it could also help if you just need to talk. If you ever get bad advise than you should ask multiple people. You should not just take one person opinion because it might not be something that's good and you could get in trouble in the long for it. So if you ever need advise ask more than one person.            