Dear Principal,

Every student should perform community service. All student should perform community service because it will make the environment more clean and there would be less waste at the places that we will clean up. All students need to perform community service to help the world a better place for the next generation to live in. Community service will help our school to get a name for all students doing community service. This will help everyone that lives in our community and our schools. For example like one school that I went to gave students chances to do community service and the administrators or staff always had one day of every quarter to thank the student for there hard work. Another example is that if students do community service you and your staff should have one day to thank the students. Students that do community service will feel good about what they did. They will feel they have done something for their community as well.

Some students may not want to do community service, but the teachers will have to convince those student to do it. For the people that do community service should get a reward for doing it. If they get rewards other people will also want to de community service just to get a reward. If you approve that all student are required to do community service your school might or even be on a newspaper for being the only school in the country to have all the students do community service. For example your students and your self will be posted on a newspaper or even a major newspaper on your country as well. Your school will be rewarded with something from a mayor or someone else. If you get all students in your school to do it, other schools in the country will want to require their students to do it as well.

If you approve the part where all students are required to do community service it will be a great news for the students and the teachers. The DOE might congratulate your school for being the first to convince your students to do it. Your school might even have more students the next school year. The parents of student will want their child to go to your school. The country will remember the first school that did it. Well that is all that I can say to you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME