Extracurricular activities, are a great way to find an interest you may have. Some activitie's can be outdoor's, like the hiking club, or the soccer club. These club's help get kids outside, and doing something that they love, with their friend's. Other club's, like the robotic's,video game,or board game club's are great for kid's who prefer to be indoor's. They can help those kids make friend's,become smarter,and most importantly have fun.

I believe, that student's should not participate in extracurricular activities if they do not want to. For some kid's who have activities out of school, they might have are hard time getting to their club's. It might put more stress on them, because they would first, go to their after school club. Then, go straight to what they do after school. Finally, they would make it home at a really late hour, then realizing that they did not have any time to do their homework. They might walk into school, exhausted, and probably not as efficient. Their grade's could drop, and possibly the school's average.

My next reason is, that I believe it might effect the kid's that want to be their. Some kid's who signed up have waited to do this for a while. When you bring in a kid that does not want to be their, he may cause a ruckus. It might make the kid that want's to be their annoyed, and sick of his nonsense. It would start to make the kid that want's to be their might have less fun. With all of that, it could make no kid's want to be their, and everybody wishing they could just go home.

My final reason is the right of choice. Everybody has the right to do something that they want. In my opinion, you cannot just force someone, to do something that they don't want to do. If they want to join a club at school, and have fun with their friend's,then that is great. If they want to stick with their out of school activities, or no activity that is all good. We cannot force someone to have fun.

I loved all of my club's at my school. I remember, in elementary school doing taek won do with my friend's was awesome. It seemed at my school everybody loved their club's that they were in. I believe, it was because it was our choice. The school did not force us to do a club, and that was the beauty of it. Everyone did what they wanted to do. Being with people with my same interest, helped me make new friend's. It could do that with kid's all over the country. But at the end of the day, it should always be the students choice on what they want to do.