Say you have a altercation with someone and you need advise, wouldnt you want to go to multiple people? I feel like most people go to many different people for advise because you may ask one person for advise but dont feel like what they said is true so you ask other people. Many people in this world have different opinions on everything. But thats okay because its good to hear opinions from other people because there opinion matters just like yours. I personally go to many people for advise because I like to hear more than just one persons point of view. If I only was to get advise from one person and I do it and then something goes wrong ima feel hurt because I didnt ask many people.

Make sure when you ask people for advise that its someone you can trust and not just someone you know is gonna give you bad advise because you had the audacity to come to them and ask them for there prospective just because you trusted them. I would prefer going to a close family member, close friend , teacher, etc. that you know would give there best advise possible. So for example one day I was in New Jersey and my cousin before he passed away he wanted to see me before I had left to go home back to Virginia but then I also found out that my best friend who I went to school with wanted to meet up with me that exact same day and I didnt know what to do. I really wanted to see my cousin but I wanted to see my best friend too. So I had talked to my dad, Grandma and grandpa three people I really trust and they gave me good advise on what to do. They told me that I should go with my cousin because he hasnt seen me in years ever since I was a baby. So I got in contact with my best friend and asked if we could do it another day and he agreed. So then I ended up going with my cousin and it was amazing spending quality time with him.

Asking for advise from variety of people really goes a long way and it could possibly have an outcome with you choosing the best decision for yourself. Its a 50% change of you choosing the right decision you wont always choose the best choice but at least you know for next time. I remember what my cousin always told me that you should always ask for advise even if you think you dont need it because you might regret it if you dont. Even if you dont like to hear others people opinions, which some people dont at least give it a try you might just change your mind.

It also helps you have less stress because your getting help from multiple people.

Many people get stressed out or angry when they dont know what to do. Which is a bad thing because you shouldnt stress out so much over it when you have people out there that you could talk to. There are many other ways that getting advise from other people can be helpful but these are just a few. Always make sure that you take someones advise if you trust them because it could possibly lead to a positive outcome. 