Having school online and staying at home would be very relaxing. Some schools have the option of online schooling or video conferencing as a way to help schools and students become a better society. Although some may say that having school online or video conferencing does not benefit the students because some students need the motivation to get up and go to school, by having an option of online school will benefit the students because the rate of bullying will dramatically decrease, students will be more focused, and students who have social anxiety will not have to worry about the worry.

To begin, having online school will benefit the students because the bullying rate will decrease. For instance, Generic_Name gets picked on by the popular kids at school because she dresses like a girl in poverty. By letting the home school become an option Generic_Name would not have to get bullied by them. Another example, is that by not having bullying the rate of passing grades will increase. The students who bully will not have any one to be their next victim or even have a crowd to watch them bully therefore, making them focus in school. Thus, allowing students to become a home school participate the rate of bullying will decline and the passing rate level will increase.

Secondly, by being able to be home schooled students will be more focused. Generic_Name likes to talk to her friends in class because the class they take is boring. By making the online school an option, Generic_Name can work on her work and talk to her friends at a later time because her friends will be at school. To include, staying at home for school is efficient because when students talk they are a distraction to themselves and others around them. Putting these children in home school is magnificently sufficient because it stops them from being a distraction to others around them and even there selves. To leave off, by allowing these teenagers to be home schooled, the rate of distraction will decrease and better there future.

Lastly, by allowing video conferencing at home students will benefit because of the decrease in social anxiety. More than half of the teenagers in the world suffer from social anxiety. Most of the social anxiety comes from talking in front of the class for a huge project or walking up to the front of the class to get a tissue. By being in home school, these students can roam free,go to the bathroom whenever they want, eat lunch at whatever time, etc. To analyze, not just being able to do these actions but by the pressure that will get taken away from it will make their life easier. To sum up, social anxiety is a mind mental illness and by allowing students to remove some of the pressure will intensely increase their life.

In conclusion, some schools offer distance learning as a option; this will benefit the students because social anxiety will decrease, teenagers will tend to be more focused in learning, and the rate of bullying will plummet. I personally think this is a great option for students based on there mental health. To leave off with, students should be able to have this option because it will make the school look better and the troubled teens cautious. 