"Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" Google cofounder, Sergey Brin, stated. I am all for driverless cars. I believe that driverless cars will be our transportation in the near future.

In paragraph one, Goofle cofounder, Sergey Brin, stated "He believes such cars would fundamentally change the world." I think it would be good thing, because the driverless cars would use less fuel. "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." The driverless cars would not be completly driverless. The driver would have to stay alert through traffic jams, road construction, bad weather, and accidents. The car would give off a signal like a beeping noise when the driver needs to be in alert. "Gm has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object"

"Manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road." "While the driver watches the road, the car watches the drivers." I think that is a great idea to put that kind of camera in a driverless car. Just incase an accident happen they could tell if the driver was paying attention, or if the car just didn't give any signal that the driver needed to take control.

"Most driving laws focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, and lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers." Some people may think that driverless cars are dangerous. Others may think that the driverless cars may cause more accidents. "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" Some people may feel like it was the manufacturers fault, and not theirs.

I belive that our future transportation will be driverless cars. I just think the drivers must pay attention at all times, even if no one was arround. I feel like it'd be a great thing. It would save money, and would take less fuel. I think driverless cars would be something for each state to think about for the near future.      