In the past few years, smarter cars have come about and have gained popularity as word has spread. Many feel that smarter cars bring a new perspective to the automobile industry; however, others feel that they are a hazard and could injure drivers on the road. I believe that the development of smarter cars should be stopped and that focus should be turned on improving regular, fully drivible cars.

The development of driverless cars should be stopped because if not, they would cause new traffic laws to be created. As a reult, all drivers to change their ways on the roads. Many states do not allow computer-driven cars to be drove being that that are looking out for the safety of their residents. Some people would have to abide to the rules if they chose to drive a smarter car; however, those who drive regular car may believe that learning new regulations is a waste of time and could further injury themselves or others. Lastly, new laws for driverless cars would take many years inorder for everyone to adapt do, being that there are many people around the world.

Driverless cars are not safe being that they are ran on computers that can often have technical difficulties or failure. An important topic discussed by producers is how is a passenger's safety ensured? Some feel that they can trust the technology because of the importance it plays in our life everyday; a driveless car would just be another thing added. In opposition to this, some feel that their use of technology has allowed them to feel that computers/ technolgy can result in failure. If driverless cars were allowed on the road addition accidents could be caused if the technolgy or computers were to fail while being driven.

Lastly, the development of driverless cars should be haulted because issues can arise between drivers and consumers. As stated in the article "Driverless Care Are Coming", the idea of fault has come about. This is due to the fact that if an accident were to occur, then who is to blame, the driver or the car or the manufacturer. Drivers would feel that it is the manufacturers fault because they are ones creating the cars and aquipping them with technology. At the same time, manufaturues would believe it is a drivers fault because they put themselves behind the wheel and were aware of the cars capabilities.

In conclusion, I am against the development of driverless cars. Driverless cars would create new traffic laws that would take time inorder for everyone to abide and adapt to. Driverless cars are run on the power of computers which can fail or have difficulties. Lastly, driverless cars lead to the topic of fault when an accident occurs. Driverless cars can be beneficial, but they need to be fully scrutinized before they are place on the roads full of drivers and passengers, ensuring the safety of all.