Assume you have to decide something, wither its to buy something you like or its which sports team you should play for. Don't you usually ask more than one person? Even if you don't, have you ever thought of why you or someone else would do that? Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can get more background information than just one person can usually provide and the more people you ask the more prepared you will be for any issues that could occur.

Asking more than one person can help you get more background information than just one person will be able to provide. If you ask just one person than their information may be biased and have not as many facts as opinions, but if you ask more than one person than you will have a better chance of getting more facts than opinions. If its about something on the news, social media, and/or its a rumor being spread you can get both/all sides of the story before you form your opinion on that certain topic. Plus if you ask people who have done it before your information will be more accurate than someone will equal experience or less experience than you.

A lot like if you ask more than one person you get more background information, if you do that you also will be more prepared for any issues that may happen. You will be less likely to assume that something will happen if you have heard about it from someone that has had it happened to them. You won't be as surprised if something happens that you didn't expect to happen because like how you won't make assumptions, you will have asked people who have had that happen to them. This doesn't always work because you can spend you whole life building up background information to do something you'll never do it because you are to busy asking people. There is always a happy medium. If you only ask one person then you wont be prepared enough and if you ask to many people then you might never be able to do what you set out to do.

Most people never wonder why they ask more than one person; you probably never did either but the more people you ask the better off you will be. you will be more prepared for any issues than may pop up and you will have more background information that could be necessary to make the decision you wish to make. Even if you asked only two people you will still be more prepared than if you asked just one.