Transportation has become one of the largest emissions throughout the world, and many do not seem to wonder how beneficial limiting car usage can be.  Not only does the release of fossil fuels harm the world, but the stress that comes with having a vehicle is immense. When considering ownership of a vehicle, one must think about the pros and cons of owning one, and realize that the limited pros... are not worth the cons.

Cars, trucks, and buses have many factors in common, but one in particular is hazardous to mother nature... fossil fuels. Fossil fuels are harming our territory, the place where life has been made possible, Earth. At the streak we are going, soon enough us humans, the domain species won't have a home due to the pollutants vehicles release killing the O-zone Layer. We have become accustomed to the abuse of transportation. Even when we are capable of walking or using a bike to a nearby location, we choose to use a vehicle instead of avoiding the damage that is caused. Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the city, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intesifying smog..." Source #2 states. Their are many ways to distinguish transportation, but one very adequate discription is "a death wish".

The stress that comes with the ownership of any transporting vehicle surpasses what anyone can bare! The economic standards one needs to posses is difficult. In, Vauban, Germany, one can have a car under the circumstances of paying $40,000 for a parking space, along with your home, source #1 explains. Your car needs to be fed in order to function, and it's food is quite pricey, especially when it hoards gallons of the substance! In addition, one needs to pay for insurance aswell! Dangers in streets are not abnormal what-so-ever, so the stressfulness that one has behind their back while driving is not enjoyable.

The benefits that come with limiting the usage of cars is grand                                                                           