Would talking to more than one person for advice be better or worse? People sometimes need advice for real life problems. It may be because someone are confused about somethings or all around are lost. Some people to have those conversations to release all the pain that is surrounding their life. I think talking to more than one person would be a great idea if you are lost or do not understand things in your life. If you were to talk to more than one person chances are they might have went through what you are going through. Do not go to someone who you do not know nor trust go to someone who really knows you. It is better that way because different people who you do not know have different views on things and opinions but if they are one of your trusted adults or friends you will most likely have the same opinions and if they do not know you they will say whatever. I think that seeking advice from multiple people is a very good idea but YOU HAVE TO MAKE SURE you know these people It is also great way to express your feelings and open up about your situation to these multiple people.

First, you need to understand why going to multiple people is a good idea. You can learn a lot not just about yourself but about the person you are getting advice from. Maybe your parents are having a divorce and you go to your friend for advice on how to deal with that and he or she explains that their parents divorces and how they dealt with that. You can get yourself to tell other people your full story because sometimes you might be embarrassed by your story but telling them the whole story would be beneficial and by doing that you can get better advice because the person you go to are fully understanding what is actually happening and you can receive a better response on what to do. You will be getting different opinions on how to deal with things but I think this is a good thing because you choose which outcome you want. When you go to get advice what that means in my head is your looking for different opinions on things because you cannot think about what to do. It is important you do not go to someone who does not know you. You will also be asked different questions by these multiple people so you can articulate your point better.

Next, you 100 percent have to know why you CANNOT go to people who do not know you. The reason why I urge you to not to do this is because if you go to someone you do not know or you do not consider a friend or just someone you do not know at all they will probably tell you something that is irrelevant to what you need to know, they will probably not take you serious and tell you a joke or mess around with you and will probably tell all of their friends your business because in their heads their like I do not know him nor do I care about you so why are you telling me your business. That is why it is important to tell a trusted adult or a friend or just someone who understands you and will not joke around with your problems. It best advised that you go to people you also understand so you both can relate on things during the conversation.

Finally, you have to know that going to other people can make you choose a better choice. People can change your mind they can change how you think in 1 conversation they can make you choose the better choice talking to multiple people can effect how you think. I saw this video that had a girl so deep into wanting to kill herself. She was at a party and she hit her head on a pole going outside and went unconscious quickly and the people at the party brought out their phones and recorded her unconscious and the next day on Monday everyone was looking at her and laughing the whole school had the video after that she was called name for weeks and she wanted to end it. Until she started talking to the teachers about how she wanted to end it but enough conversations from the teachers and principal and her family members got her to convince herself that she should not. I think talking to multiple people can change how you think and they can give you multiple opinions and ideas on what to do and that is why I truly think talking to multiply people for advice is a great way to express feelings or let your pain out. Getting multiple opinions from different people can lead to your opinion being changed.

In conclusion, seeking advice is a great way to express your feelings or deal with something you cannot handle it is better to tell multiple people something than to keep it to yourself because you do not know they might have went through what your going through or maybe even going through it too. Whatever you are going through will just get worse if you keep it to yourself and not tell anyone about your situation you need to understand the things you are doing by not telling someone and by telling multiple people your response will be way better than if you only told one person. When you talk to someone for advice make sure it is not one person. Also by telling multiple people or explaining they will all probably react in different ways. I Believe that talking to multiple people has a great effect on how you think and the choices you make. It is good that you take that chance and get explanations, stories, and background history from the people you are getting advice from because they will probably tell you what to do or what they did when they were in your situation which is exactly why it is better to get advice from multiple people.