The FACS system, in other words the Facial Action Coding Sytem. There has been new software that has been developed that improves the accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others. The new software has promised to have applications for variety of industries. When the process begins with the computer starting to construct a 3-D computer model of the face all which measure out to get thr 44 major muscles, the model must move like human muscles. Movement of one or more muscles is called "action unit."

Facial expressions for each emotion are universal, accoriding to Dr. Huang. Though most of individuals often show varying degrees of expression, using the new technology system would use the video imagery for a new recognition software tracking their facial movements. This would not only be available for the face but also for painting which would make it very intresting to see how the persons face that is on the painting was feeling at the moment or occasion. It could even identify mixed emotions between the expression used to compare a neutral face. For example, te humans perform the same impressive "caculation" every day. When you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on the person's face. Much of the people that would try to tell the actual facial trait that would be happy or worried the person would be feeling at the moment.

Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, it shows of how much the computer is able to do with just having the face but still obtaining the right predicament of what the person was feeling which for Mona Lisa was happy. To an extent the system could help even more than just getting to know what people's emotions are. In the passage it had said that if you were to smile or frown on an ad then it would determine what kind of ad would pop up. Thats honeslty great because wouldnt just help the person but also the ads company that had provided it. Another show of creation by the system is that it could make a computer-animated faces more expressive for like video games, or video surgery. This could defentiley have an impact on many workers or company's hoping to improve their software not only themselves but for the people that are into it. According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also even could help produce them. Even for the people that are into drama club, could help improve the way they act. This is proven by even an exprienced drama coach, his actors caredully reproduced smiling and frowing as a way of creating these emotions on stage. Also Empathy may happen because we unconsciouly imitate another person's facial expressions.

Finally, this usage of the new system Facial Action Coding System could very useful for students in the classroom for which you could know the feelings of your pears or emotions at the moment. Sometimes people may not be feeling well or are just not in the mood would probably like to know that people understand what they are feeling thanks to the system. Also in a case of someone getting nervous about something or scared, the school could quickly find out to indeed help the kid in need of assistance. But for the most part, the emotional expressions of students would indeed be a valuable system to have in a classroom.      