The sun kisses your nose as your early morning alarm sounds. The warmth and comfort of your bed pulls your body into a deeper sleep. Once again, your alarm sounds and you are forced to get out of the cozy nest of blankets and pillows. It is time to get ready for school.

Have you ever wondered if you could open your laptop and take classes from home? Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online school. By taking classes online, students will learn important time management skills, have a smaller chance of being exposed to sicknesses, not have to drive to school everyday, and have an overall better experience in the comfort of their own home.

To begin, when taking online courses, students are required to turn assignments in on time without the constant nagging of their teachers voice. They are in charge of when and how they will get their work done. This aspect of online schooling is a great way to prepare young minds for their adult futures. They won't always have a teacher to tell them what to do in life. Online school is teaching them to advocate for themselves along with other important course material. Students will not have block scheduling with bells ringing every 90 minutes. Instead, they will use their time on their own terms.

Additionally, students will have a smaller chance of catching illnesses from being exposed to hundreds of other kids and their germs. At school, kids spread germs by sneezing and coughing on surfaces. In your own home, you would only be exposed to your immediate families germs which will have lesser effects than the hundreds of germs at schools.

Another reason that online school is beneficial could be for the long distance that some students would have to travel to get to school. If each student drove to school every weekday, their cars would be putting pollution into the atmosphere. Our world is currently in a climate change crisis and online school would help to decrease the amount of pollution in the air. In return, this would decrease carbon emissions and future generations would benefit. Not driving to school would also mean that families are spending less money on gas.

On the contrary, some students have a better time understanding material when they can speak to teachers face to face. However, this problem would be dissolved with the use of video conferencing. Teachers can use technology to speak to their students using platforms such as FaceTime or Skype. Students would have the same enriching educational experience over a video conference.

In conclusion, advancements in technology have brought about many beneficial things such as online school. By implementing online school, students will learn how to manage their daily routines, be healthier, and have enriching experiences. 