In our community, it is important to be actively involved. This not only helps those around you, but it can have a profound effect on you too. I think it is beneficial to have students participate in at least one extracurricular activity outside of school. This could be sports, clubs, or even volunteer work. Students get to know new people, have an impact, and even gain valuable life skills that will help them in the real world. I participate in a creative thinking program called Odyssey of the Mind. Since joining that program, I have made new friends, competed for my school, have become an effective problem solver, and have even seen improvement in my grades. I know getting involved after school could help other students.

One of the numerous benefits for joining after school activities is the fact that you meet new people. If you join a club or sport, you can meet others with similar interests. Students are also exposed to others with different backgrounds then themselves. Among meeting new people and making friends, this can help students who feel lonely, less lonely, and give them something to look forward too. In fact, 85 percent of people who join an after school activity would say that they made new friends, have better self esteem, and a stronger support system outside of school.

Doing something outside of school also gives students an opportunity to have an impact. Volunteering at a local animal shelter, or participating in programs like Girl Scouts or Boy Scouts gives them the opportunity to help out those in need, and provide services to them. If you participate in sports, you are making a positive impact on your overall health. Exercise releases a hormone that makes you happier. Clubs can result in students having a positive influence on each other. If you participate in Student Council, you are having a direct impact on those in your school.

Clubs and extracurricular also give students real world experience. In Odyssey of the Mind, collaboration is key to being successful. We work as a team to reach an overall goal. I would say that participating in Odyssey and other activities has made me a better team member. Extracurricular activities also establish a strong sense of responsibility in a student. If I am playing on the soccer field, I need to have been responsible by attending the practices, and practicing on my own in order to be a good asset. Clubs also help you with communication. In Student Council, we need to be able to effectively communicate with each other inside, and outside of school in order to truly make an impact.

Students everywhere have benefited from after school activities. As a result, students get to know new people, make an impact, and gain real world experience. With these benefits in mind, we know that extracurricular activities can be the turning point in a student's life, and lead to long term success. 