Texting and Driving

Phones and driving is where one person is conducting a motored vehicle while on a cellular device. This has got to the point where the government has taken major action into making it illegal. This has caused a lot of accidents, deaths and tragedies in everyday places. People who are driving a motored vehicle shouldn't be able to text while driving its dangerous and irresponsible. Driving and texting is very dangerous and could lead to very bad punishments.

Texting and driving is mostly seen by around teenager and adult age groups. Adults from the age 18-33 admit they text while the drive. Texting and driving shouldn't be done by anybody it could lead to tragedies and even more. Teenagers from the age 13-17 admit they text at least once a month while driving in a motored vehicle. Texting while driving is a life-threating norm to families and other people on the road.

Texting while driving on the road is a very dangerous risk not only to the person behind the wheel but also the people on the road such as families. Phones, while having any cellular device while conducting a motored vehicle can be very dangerous. It could cause accidents and deaths, tragedies. Not only could you risk your own life but you would be risking the life of other innocent's people and families.

Texting and driving comes with many consequences with every action there is always a consequence depending on a good one or a bad one. There could be fines from $20-$500 depending in which state you are living in or the accident happens in. The worst there could be in consequence form, it could be life in prison, jail time, community service, and maybe death penalty. Texting and driving is something serious and not something to be taken as a joke.

In conclusion, texting and driving is just another way of making a tragedy or taking someone else's life's with just sending a text. Texting and driving can come with many consequences it could give you jail time, life in prison and even community service. Using a cellular device while operating a motored vehicle can do so much in just seconds, it needs to stop. Texting and driving is not a game and needs to be taken into serious action.                                                         