A lot of people go through rough times where they aren't really sure what to do so they might reach out to other people for help. I think its better for someone to reach out to multiple different people, talking to different people helps because if your going to just one person the opinion they give you may seem right but if you talk to someone else the other person could also seem right about the situation. You can talk to your trusted adults, friends, and family. When you feel stuck you should talk to people in order to make a decision. When talking to multiple people they may give you similar or different advice.

Sometimes people might know a certain person who gives really good advice, they might just stick with that person to talk to because it may be the only person they trust. A lot of the time some people may not know who to talk to, Or feel like they can't trust anyone so they may not even talk to anyone, But if you have friends or family and people you can trust to talk to or ask for advice its better to ask multiple people, if you only talk to one person it may seem like the right choice but if you were to ask someone else they might have even better advice.

When talking to multiple people they may have different opinions and if a couple of people have similar advice then Its better to take the advice a lot of people are giving you because it may be true and helpful. When people give you similar advice it's also good because then you have reinsurance your making the right decision. It also gives you peoples point of view of the situation your in.

Whatever advice you feel is the right should be the decision you should take, if its the right decision then you'll know its right because when people give you different advice you can take the one you feel is right. A lot of people have different opinions and theyre helpful for whenever you need help or get stuck in a certain situation. Talking to different people helps you pick the right one and give different options to help you.