Think of this, "car-free cities". To about 90 percent of Americans this idea may sound outrageously retarded. why? well, for those who own a car their car is extremely important to them because it's their form of transportation, but also think of the harm that cars have done in just the past decades. Our global warming levels have rose dramatically and cars are one of the so many reasons. Not just that, think of all the deaths that have been involved with car accidents. All this can be stopped if we learn how to manage our car usage.

I'm not saying that cars should be banned or not used at all in our country, but we most definitely do need to be less dependent on our cars. Some places have already started the movement of car-free cities like in VAUBAN, Germany. They have given up their cars and have adjusted to a whole new life style. In the article "car-free cities" paragraph 3, a women named Heidrun Walter shares her opinion. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Not only can it be beneficial, but some people actually like the idea.

Now lets think of air pollution that has rose our global warming levels. If you were to ask someone "what's the biggest reason for global warming"? The first thing that would come to mind to almost everyone would be air pollution caused by cars. This isn't just in the US, this is going on everywhere in the world, but some places are finding solutions for this problem. For example, in the article "Paris bans driving due to smog" paragraph 1, it says "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city". That's a perfect example of limiting car usage that can be extremely beneficial to us and our earth.

Some people may ask, "how can you limit your car usage" Well, you can ride your bike to work, take public transportation, and also walk. Riding your bike to work or walking to where you need to go can be an advantage to yourself. Many Americans are so inactive due to their cars because it can take you anywhere, but if you go out and walk or ride a bike to where you're going you're helping yourself out, and no it's not like you have to do it every day, but its just a way that we can manage our car usage and it would be more helpful than you think.

If we all take that big step and want to make a difference to our earth and its air pollution, we can achieve it. We don't necessarily have to be "car-free" we just all have to learn how to manage our car usage to make the big help. There would be less air pollution, our global warming levels would drop, there could be less car accidents, and less deaths. These advantages of limiting our car usage could just about save our lives and our earth.     