Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some believe that attend classes from home is not great for the student. But others think that if you attend classes from home you learn so much more. Attending a school can get you ready in the real world then just attending classes from home.

Those who say attending classes from home say that because teacher cant teach the way they want. They have to follow the way the schools wants you to learn. For example, the teacher does not want to teach some of the stuff hes given but he has to because at the end of the day this is his job and he does not want to lose his job. When your attending classes from home you have more sleep and you wont be tired because it will be at your own time. And also you dont have to be in a class that the teacher dont really like to teach because over time some teachers lose that feeling that they loved.

However, people believe that attending schools is way better then just staying home. Some reasons you should attend school then stay home is that you will have more fun in a class room then just home all the time. For example, you will make friends and do stuff together the will make your time more joy able then just at home. you wake up and go to school you see your friends and you make jokes and help each other and it is limitless.

Another reason you should attend school then classes at home. Schools have field trips,sports,after school activities that you will probably love to do. Because you have the chance to try all of them at school. For example, there are filed trips to the art museum that have great at works like the monalisa. And filed trips to New York and other places that you will love to see. Sport teams are like family, you watch each others back and help improve you game together and thats something you cant get from home or video conferencing. Other reason why you should attend school with others is that someday you will find a bond with someone or a group that will last and you will be grateful for. For example, There were couples in high school that later on got married and there were these groups that became friends actually the became family.

In conclusion, Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some believe that attend classes from home is not great for the student. But others think that if you attend classes from home you learn so much more. Attending school is better for your kids in the long run. You can learn more in school then you could ever at home and you will make friend and maybe family.