"Pow" went the kick! Which lead to the winning goal. This was always the best part of the game. I never knew what it was like watching those the famous sportsplayers on television shoot the winning shot. Without being pushed to do a new activity I would have never found my passion or met the people I did. Doing this has really helped me not be so shy and find new friends that are intrested in the same things I am. Persuing something you want to do as a job when you get older can start with a simple club based on the topic you are intrested in. Doing this technique can make you be very successful on what you want to do. Training for a sport you want to play proffetionaly, or doing things with construction and engeneering. Persuing that can make a great impact on your future. When you try new activitys you can figure out that you are most intrested in.

Clubs can really make a big impact on your mental health. It can honestly make you happier and have something you can look forward to. If you chose a activity based on a topic that you really enjoy, it can make you excited to attend that club or sport and increase your mood, which also impacts the peole around you. Activitys help you manage your time and be commted to something, because you have to be a certain place at a certain time. which helps with your stress and help with anisxty. Overall activitys calm you down and make you a better person and general. Also getting to pick what activity you want to do makes you feel lie you have more freedom.

Doing activitys can also get you off your phone more, which is a big issuse today. When you are distracted from your phone can really build you up and make a better person, which goses along with mental health. Sitting on your phone all day can make you less modavted to do things, doing activitys personaly discourages me from wanting to get on my phone and makes me be more modivated to do other things, it distracts me from the phone world and engages me into the real world.

Doing things like activitys can benefit you in many ways. Overall its just good for you and helps with your mental health and social life. You can meet people who can be with you forever, and learn things that will never forget. It makes you a much happier person. It helps you find new things you are intrested in. Doing things that make you happy can make your life much easier. Personaly I think everyone should be included in a activity or sport.