Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning their break. If students were to design thier own summer project they would do it on somwthing they like instead of doing it on something educational. If teachers were to create the idea of the summer it would be about something productive and educational. The opposition wrongly think that summer projects must be student designed because they can learn planning skills and students will feel satisfied. Although some believe that summer project need to be designed by students, it should be known that teachers should desgin the summer projects because of the benefits for later and the benefits the students can get now.

First, summer projects should be teacher designed because of the benefits the students can get for the future. One of my reasons is, students will learn something new since teachers created the idea for the summer project. This relates to my topric because if someone were learn something new. What ever that person is trying learn about, the project could help him with what ever he is doing. If he gets a project about pollution and how it affects the enviroment and he wants a career about saving the ecosystem. The project would help him by showing and telling him ways he can start helping the ecosystem now. Another reason is that students will learn time management. Time management is great a great thing to have because if a person can manage their time to any degree would be splended because they would be able to get all of their assignments done on time. If all of this girls' teachers gave her a due date for her project she would get it done on time because she has good timemanagement for her age. She would get her project done a few days early and then turn it in when she done so she does not forget about the project. Having time management is good because like the girl that was brought up earlier finished her project early so she might get extra credit for tuning it in before the due date.

Secoondly, a teacher designed summer project would be good because of the benefits the students cna get now. The first rason is that students will not be stressing out so much as they if they had to come up with the idea for their summer project. This relates to my topic because the less someone stresses the more that person can get done. There was this student who had a teacher that made him create an idead for his summer project he did not know hat to do for the project so he did not do it because it was stressin him out. Another student was given a summer project he same time as the student that was brought up but this time this student did his because he knew what to do for the project because the teacher crated the idea. The first student was stressing out because he wante dit to be school approiate but he wanted it to be about something he liked to do. He did not do it in the end because it was too stressful. The last reason is that students will have more time to finish their project and it gives them more free time to do what they want over summer. The students will have more time to finish their project because they do not have to sit and brainstorm on what to do or how to do their project. Since the they have more time to do their project becaus etheir teacher told what to do for it they cans pend more time doing their project. They would have more time because the idea of the project was planned by the teacher already.

Many may think students must create a design for the summer project, it should be understood that teachers should be the ones designing the summer projects. The other side incorrectly thinks that students need to design their own projects because it helps them with confidence in themselves and it will be satisfying because they finished something they created by themselves. However, summer projects should be teacher designed because of the benefits for later such as learning soemthing new and learning time management. Also teachers should design the summer projects of the benefits students can get now like less stress and the ability to have more time on their project. If this summer project thing were to ever happen I would like the teacher to create the idea for it instead of me beacuse i'm just really bad with comming up with ideas.