Limiting car usage will be very important in the near future and can be very deadly for the enviroment if not we do not conserve and reduce car use. Using a car is expensive for everybody because think of if you get into an accident and it was your fault you have to then pay for your car and the opposing persons car. It can also be a health hazar where if you live in a big city with lots of running cars then it can be dangerous to be breathing in all those chemicals and you might end up getting a diseas or condition like maybe cancer of the lungs or bronchitis.

To begin with, the expenses of a car can be very high and very low, depending on where you stand on it. but if you ever get into an accident and its your fault and you have to payoff the other person and also pay for your car to be fix (if it hasnt been totaled). Payment of cars can kill you though maybe you wont have enough to pay your electricity bill for your apartment or you cant pay for an oil change so your car is useless now and you are still paying to have it look pretty even though you cant even pay for the oil to be changed.

To continue, think that you`re living in a big city like new york or chicago or philidelphia. Now think of every single car in that city. Alot right? well every single one of those cars do the same thing they just are used to get to point A to point B. well think of all the gas that car is pooring into the streets by just sitting at a red light. now can you see about another couple hundred thousand doing that at the same time? its pretty bad right? all that gas and chemicals hits the streets first then you can smell it from your 4th story apartment and then its stuck in there for hours. think about how bad that is for your lungs and all your senses. Im no doctor but id say that its pretty horrible and maybe even cancerous. just think about that before you dont limit usage on your car!

For a conclusion, id like you to remember that cars are not just transportation but also chemical exhausters that have the effect to kill any man or women of any age. So maybe just maybe if you limited car usage you might be saving a life and also not spending to much money on your car and more on bills to be saving your own life cause water and electricity bills are some of the most expensive bills out there.

Liting car usage is important and we all need to be like the town of Vauban in germany.    