Traveling to school has become a hassle to students. With transportation being limited to the person's zone, many have found it very difficult to attend school. Now that technology has advance, though, it has made it easier to learn and teach certain individuals that may not be able to make it to their classes by video conferencing. At home learning is offered at some schools, which help many students that could not make it to their classes. Students would benefit from online conferencing because they would be able to attend classes on time and they would not have to worry about transportation.

Although some may disagree by saying students would most likely wake up late and not even do the actual video call, most of the high schoolers have became accustomed to wake up early. From interviewing students, at least eighty-five percent have claim to wake up at a very specific time. As they have been waking up at a certain time, it has become a habit that benefits them to attend they classes with this form of education. This body alarm clock that everyone will certainly help students be on time to call for their instructors.

Students always worry about their transportation. While some buses come on time or early, others come very late or not at all, which causes an obstacle for many that do want learn. This has been a major problem that students have no control of whatsoever. The opportunity to stay at home to attend classes without worrying about if bus 69 has arrived could make an abundance of student's learning experience easier. While many may argue that student should provide their own ride, it should be noted that most wait to get their license at the age of 18. That is around the time that most will graduate. Even if they have their parent or guardian to drop them off, it pays a heavy price to the driver who may have a job that requires them clock in early. Which is why an online call is a better option for students.

The obstacles that students must endure to travel to school has become tremendously difficult. The option to learn from the comfort at home is very stress relieving. Students would not have to worry about waking up early for a bus that might not even be there because an online conference would help them succeed academically. Attending classes would be so much easier with this alternative teaching method.