Through out the years I went to school I met a lot of people, did fun projects, and learned in a bunch of different ways. So I benefited from it in a social way and in kind of a learning way, going to the school leaked out to different opportunities just from going to school everyday. I learn in a visual way, with going to school from home, I don't think it could fit every ones learning ways. It might sound fun going to school from home, but in the the long run I don' t think it would help students. I don't believe students would benefit from attending classes at home because they could get distracted more easily at home, they won't be able to meet people from a social point, and it won't fit every ones learning style.

Attending class at home can lead to more of distractions at home, and won't benefit the student. At home the students probably has like a game system, a television, a phone they can keep on their side, and or a little sibling. In order to learn new things you need to have your undivided attention to learn, and at school you have a better chance at that with the teacher there to watch you. From recent experiences in school when I had my phone on me, looking at it and barley paying attention to what I had to finish in on my computer, I barley got anything done. With me wasting time and putting all of my focus on the phone, I barley got any work done. That's in school, if some people can't do work in school, imagine at home with more distraction, nothing would get done. The more and more distraction, the less amount of learning and devolpement the student will have.

In school you have a lot of social time, you meet new people and do different activities with different people. Every year in school you meet or talk to at least a new person every year, but if you don't go to school and start learning from home, I don't think a student would benefit from it. From a social point staying at home for almost half a day, five of the seven days in a week is bad. You meet most of your friends in your life time in school. The only time you could talk and meet new people if you learn from home is like if you do any extra curricula things like sports or a club. And not everyone does that. In school I met a lot of people, just from doing going to my different classes, clubs, lunch, sports, and way more. From my view thats another way school benefited me, from that social point. In school you learn life lessons, it more than just learning who our first president and what does the y=mx+b is, from my view I don't just want to stare at screen and just talk, it's way more than that.

Everyone has a different style of learning, some are a visual learning, some likes to take notes, and there are ones that like to move around, and plenty more. I'm a visual learner, so looking online and learning like that at home may enjoy me and other people who learn like I do, but not all. Some believe learning from home is better, but not others because there are many problems it could lead too. Learning from home could stop the usage of projects, project is another in my opinion which was fun that could stop if students would have to learn from home. Not all people learn at the same rate and speed as others, that is something else that gets brought up also. In school learning and taking notes of a video or a sideshow gets boring and get a student not interested, from my experience. It does not benefit a kid if they are learning a certain way and not enjoying it. Then that could lead to a student getting distracted and more.

Students won't benefit from learning at home, there are a bunch of ways it could lead to a student not learning and could be a worst environment than at school. Students won't benefit because they could get distracted more easily at home, they won't be able to meet people from a social point, and it won't fit every ones learning style. There are a bunch of "what if" moments and wrong turns learning from home can happen from. I think it would benefit the students to work at school for learning purposes and social. Attending class from home sounds fun, but it's better for the student to physical go to school and learn.