Driverless cars are no doubt going to be the future of the automotive business, making our roads modernized. Having driverless cars will be a great thing for our future. Once everyone starts driving them there will be less accidents, no more gridlock, and the economy will boom.

Due to the huge influx of cash that the automotive business industry would get our economy might possibly pull itself from the grave and make us be able to abolish our debt.

All throughout history our goal has been to better our way of life by creating new technology for safety reasons and for ease of life. The automotive industry is not exempt from this, throughout history we have been making changes to vehicles so that we may go faster while being safer. One of the ways we do this is with the revolutionary technology of sensors which allow the computers in our vehicles to sense and see things that humans can not. Sensors have gone a long way since they have been invented; at first they were just used to let a computer see things, now they can predict a head on collision or when your going to lose traction on ice. So why not just let them control the car indefinately if they are able to brake, drive, and regain control of the vehicle even better than a human can. This is why there should be driverless cars at some point in our future, hopefully sooner rather than later.

The one thing holding us back from being able to discover what driverless vehicles are like is the laws that we have set in place so that a vehicle is only safe when their is a human in it driving. What they don't consider when they makes these laws is that if everyone had a driverless car then they would all be programed to drive correctly and in sync without ever needing to worry about trusting another driver or knowing when your turn is at a intersection. The vehicles would be able to sense if the other vehicles are there and be able to decided exactly what they are spose to do without the emotions like trust and doubt clouding its judgement.

Driverless cars is the future of modern technology and the future of road safety. There will be no more gridlock due to sensors and computers talking to eachother. There will be no more worrying about what speed to drive in snow or if it is too icy. The vehicles would be able to tell us all of this and compute it even better than a human could. With how fast our technology including sensors has come since 2000 driverless cars could be right around the corner and be safer, faster, and more. Driverless vehicles are our future and it is a good one.   