Technology has come a long way from one hundred years ago. As it adavces more and more things can be used to help benefit in any of situations such as in classroom settings. The article by Nick D' Alto "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D' Alto tells how the Facial Action Coding System can help in any situation as it can even read students' emotional expressions in a classroom.

The article informs people the technology uses the major 44 muscles in the face. When the face moves it can detect which muscles are put into use and identify them with one the six basic expressions- happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. These basic expressions off diversity more than just the basic happy and sad, and also account for most emotions. To make sure this is even more effective the given expression is put againts a neurtral face for a comparison. By giving a neutral face and an expression it gives a independent and depent variable. This would ensure a correct basis rather than just giving the face with an expression. It would also be able to tell if a student were enjoying a lesson or not. It help the teacher too see what topics they could make more interesting.

Some people might ask how can it detect emotions accureslty if somone fakes an emotion, but facial muscles do not lie. For example the frontalis pars lateralis muscle indicated suprise though a raised brow. A raised brow would indicate to the teacher that a student had mostly likely just learned something new. If several students had this expression the teacher could decide to keep incoorperating it in the lesson. The zygomatic major is the main indicator of a fake or real smile. For a real smile the mouth is lifted at the corners whereas in a fake smile the mouth stretches sideways. This would show if a topic was enjoyed by a students or disliked. It could also tell which topics students prefered more than other.

"Making Mona Lisa Smile", an article by Nick D' Alto, tells how the new technology, Facial Action Coding System, can read expressions of a student. Once technology advances even more it would be able to help out in an array of settings, and even be able to detect more accurate, specific emotions.                  