Numerous schools nationwide require students to complete projects over summer break. These summer assignments are primarily used to maintain learning and knowledge through summer. Furthermore, said projects are likely teacher-designed; an upright design flaw

. If. instead, the projects were student designed; students would be engaged in democratic teamwork, they'd likely actually complete their assignment, and doing so would take stress off both the teachers and students' backs alike.

Most of the time in school, students are simply told what to do, how to do it (or not do it), and then graded upon their achievement or failure. Most students are hardly given a say in anything they have to do. However, in a student designed summer project, they'd be given an opportunity to practice having a voice and opinion. All the students would grow closer to one another as they come up with the best idea; something that's missed out on with teacher designed projects. Not only would students be closer, but they'd get to collaberate as individuals working towards a common goal. This is something that is seen in governments, so it'd be great for students to get experience with collaberation. Student led design would also be majorly inclusive, since they all want the same thing (an easier assignment). Regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, etc, students all have the same willingness to get a better project idea together.

A lot of students wait till the last minute to even do their summer assignments, if at all. Student designed projects would change that. If the project is designed by them, they'd have a much greater interest in the topics chosen. Interest is actually the primary motivating factor towards completion, according to Princeton's 2012 study. With greater interest, comes greater enjoyment. Nobody would really enjoy a project they were assigned, but if they were there for the whole process it would be much more enjoyable. Students even may feel an obligation to complete their projects to a more satisfactory level, or all the design work would've been for nothing.

A huge problem in todays education system is the level of stress held by students and teachers. A student designed assignment would allow a lot of unnecissary stress to eliviate, though. Teachers wouldn't worry about if the projects good, over completetion, or the stress of creating a project in the first place. Students, on the other hand, would be given the power to know and create what they have to do, which will allow a much greater understanding of the project once they begin. This is especially true for students who may start their assignments later in the summer. If the assignment was designed by students, they would better retain the knowledge and understanding of what's required of them to do. Although student designed projects wouldn't get rid of all school related stress, it'd definetely be a step in the right direction.

There are many things that can be adapted in our education system, but something as simple as this would have nothing but a positive impact on everyone. A student designed project can introduce students to teamwork and divergant / convergant thought, reduce on overall stress, and push students to complete their assignments. Students should lead the way, since in just a few years those student's will become our teachers, politicians, and scientists; all people who must design and push the bar higher.      