I think students could benefit on attending classes from home because it's less distractions and they're in their own comfortable environment.

When students are at school in most cases they find it distracting because there are a lot of students in class and some of those students are loud therefore, it disturbs the other students and it can be irritating trying to listen to the teacher and do work while others keep talking, yelling, or being being loud while you're trying to concentrate on what you have to do. But when you're home schooled you can be disturbed here and there but it's less disturbing then being around a lot of noisy students and students that turn their headphones up all the way so you can here their music is also a distraction to students and if you're at home doing the work, you're in your own zone.

Being at home also helps if you're nervous around other students or you don't like being around big crowds. When you're at home if feels more comfortable because you're around an environment you know well and that you're used to. You also have your parents at home to help you with your work and your parents keep you on track with your work. It also helps being independent at home by yourself and doing work online because some adults do that when they're in college and have to take online classes.

Another reason is because some students might get bullied and if they feel they're not ready for school then, they should be home schooled so they mentally and physically don't become damaged. If a student says he or she is getting bullied then changing schools can also be beneficial but, I feel like having them home schooled would help them a lot more so they can get more comfortable and find it in themselves that they are ready to be in school again. It can also be a big stress relief for the student as well because they find peace in their own home that they like for an example if the student has a pet that can be relaxing for them and therapeutic to the student and have them calm while doing work because the student can rub the pet to focus more and be calm.

Student also need experience in school to know how it feels,but in all if the student likes it better in their own home I think that is most important and what ever makes the student comfortable so they can keep striving and become successful.