Many students have conflicts that can't be avoided during the day, so why should they be punished for not going to school? Many students fall behind on school work, and suffer in there classes, because they have work after school, or have medical reasons which keep them from going to school. A solution to this problem is distance learning. Schools should offer distance learning, which means they offer online courses in addition to classes at school. This could greatly benefit students who can not make it to school or have reasons not to go. Although some may say that experiencing the social aspects of school are necessary to someones growth, there are people with medical issues, people who learn better in an online based method, and people who need to help their families would gain great benefits from an online approach to schooling.

There are some students who have medical issues making it difficult for them to go to school. In my own life I know three people who rarely attend school due to having medical issues. The people I know have to do online learning and have benefited from this, without this option for them they would have many issues getting there schooling done. If these students did not have this option schooling would be very difficult and maybe impossible so it is necessary to offer this kind of schooling to these groups of people. If more schools start doing this approach to learning, the people with health risks could gain a more fair way of education. If this method is an option then these students could also still occasionally attend school and keep some of the social aspects that are gained through school.

Many students have different learning techniques, some learn through doing what they learn, some learn through hearing, and some learn from seeing. I know personally I learn very well through seeing, and one good way I learn is through online videos. Videos are re-watchable and can be paused, this is one of the best ways that I personally take in knowledge. One could re-watch lectures and go back and review new content. Not all students benefit from this way of learning, so it is important that schools offer this as an option not a requirement for students. Doing a more stay at home approach to schooling could help those kids and also benefit them with more time at home. There are many social benefits to going to school, this is how many people gain friends or learn social skills. Yes this is very important to peoples development, it is still not for everyone. There are groups of people that would benefit from not being required to go to school. Having a more home schooled approach without having stress on parents will be a substantial benefit to people who need this kind of approach. If this is optional then these students could chose classes that they would do stay at home so they could still go to school for more interactive classes that require students to be there. Having the option to do difficult classes at home could help there study habits and help these students overall knowledge of the material.

There are some families that need financial help from there children. Some of my own friends deal with this and have to get jobs to pay for there families. One friend in particular has to work everyday to keep his family financially stable. I know that for my friend, he would gain many benefits from having more time to work, and it could really help out his family. There are many families that could benefit from online schooling, because if these kids had this option they could provide better by having more time to work, and also could do there learning when they have the time for it. Many people who are in this situation have more trouble maintaining higher grades, so if this was an option for them it could help them to have better grades and better financial support for their families. There are many colleges that offer online courses, and I have seen the benefit of this approach to students younger and older who have other commitments. A father I know does online schooling and still holds his job so it really benefits his family. This is not any different from a high school student with a job.

In closing, many groups of people could benefit form an online schooling approach. Although one could argue that the social growth gained from school is essential, yes it is important but it is not crucial to all people, people with health risks, a job commitment, or just learn better online all would greatly benefit from being able to have a online approach to schooling. This could benefit any student that wants to do classes at home, online conferencing could really help a lot of students. Having this as an option can make it so students can tailor school to their needs. This option needs to be implemented into more schooling, because it is unfair to these groups of people to suffer in their schooling for things they can not control.