Cell Phones have been a very big problem relating to car accidents for the past few years, especially when it comes to teens. Cellphones are so dangerous when it comes to driving, so dangerous that they are sometimes the cause of deaths. Cell Phones shouldn't be used when driving or operating a vehicle. Cell Phones have especially been the cause of many teens deaths over the past years, this is why you always see so many signs on the freeway or even on billboards saying to not use your phone it is better to read a message later than to be dead or the cause of someone else's death.

Cell Phones have caused so many deaths or even fatal car accidents over the past. In an article by teensafe. com it states that, "In 2015, 391,000 injuries were caused in distracted driving related accidents''. This means that in 2015 there were a total of 9 people killed by distracted driving a day. Imagine you driving down the road not even knowing what the person next to you behind you may be doing, maybe their texting on their phone, answering a call, or even trying to set up their GPS, and then all of a sudden boom your into a major car accident that could be the death of you. Cellphones are very dangerous and will continue to be throughout the years and coming.

So many teens dream of having their own cars, some are lucky enough to actually be gifted it to them by their parents, the only scary part about it is that some teens don't understand the responsibility behind driving a vehicle without their parents or having someone to make sure they are driving safely. In an article posted by teenssafe. com it states," Each day,?11 teens? die in crashes caused by texting and driving." That means 11 teens are dead each die due to a simple text sent or received while driving. Imagine if you had a teen child who drove their own vehicle, they could fall into being those 11 people who die a day, honestly anyone could fall into that category it's not just only teens.

Using your phone while driving is life risking and very dangerous, especially when the person behind the wheel is irresponsible. Just imagine losing a loved one due to someone who couldn't wait to send a text message till they go to their destination. In my opinion a cellphone or any form of technology should be out of anyone who is operating a vehicle hand. Maybe you wait to get home or wherever you must go, to send a message it's always better safe than sorry. Not only are the people operating the vehicle the ones in danger but sometimes even the passengers or the person in the other cars can be harmed or sometimes even end up dead.

In conclusion cellphones should be banned from being used while driving. It causes harm and sometimes even death to the one operating the vehicle or the people around him. Me as a teen agree with phones being banned, no one should put their lives or the lives of others at risk just because they couldn't wait to send a message. Others may say that people need their phones to contact people for work or children may have to contact their parents while at home, but people need to understand that earphones exist now that help you answer your phone that having it in your hand and of course texting can always wait, if its so important why not pull over instead or just a simple phone call. In the end parents should make sure their children are responsible while driving and adults should know better than to use their phone while driving.            