TEACHER_NAME:

Students at SCHOOL_NAME strongly dislike the current policy of no cell phones on at school. Students should be allowed to bring their phones to school, at least, and using their phones at free times and lunch periods would be a great privilege for students to have because it would let them be more social, help them retrieve forgotten things from home, and help them find their way home.

After school some students don't know where they will be picked up by their parent or guardian. If cell phones are allowed in school, students could use them after school and not have to panic just about a small task. Most students who get picked up at school by somebody know the feeling of having to search for their ride and feeling that they are wasting their time because they could be doing something better with their time.

By allowing students to use their cell phones during break and lunch times, students would be happier because they would be able to connect with their friends and be able to be more social. As of now, students have a hard time finding their friends during free time because our school is so large. Also, this would help students grades because in many classes they are assigned group projects. If a student needs to find members of their group, and they cant find them, their grades might fall due to their incomplete project, this might make our school and teachers look bad compared to other schools. By allowing students to use their cell phones, their grades may be helped and the school will look better.

Now, when a student forgets something at home, they have to go to the office and ask TEACHER_NAME if they can call home. If cell phones were allowed to be used during free time this would not only benefit the students but it would also benefit the office and staff because it would stop students from disrupting so much. Although students may misuse this privilege and use their phones during class, allowing students would bring up the morale of the students and benefit the ladies in the office.

Please consider Policy 1 for it would not only benefit the students but it would also benefit the staff. SCHOOL_NAME is a great school and the students deserve the best, so please

Regards,

The Students of SCHOOL_NAME