Everyday we are faced with a decisions we have to make, from picking a movie, to deciding whether or not to take on an new job. No matter the decisions we're making, we all tend to ask others for advice. But why do we turn to others for advice instead of just one person? When we ask others for advice on a situation or decision, we are usually unsure on what to do and what the best choices to make are. By seeking multiple opinions from others we are given new opportunities, and points of view.

In many different situations around the world we look to our elders for advice. Elders are seen as the wisest by many and by asking them for advice you can learn about their experiences, what happened, and what changes they would have made. Using the information they shared you can apply it to your own problem and avoid the mistakes they made in the past.

Depending on the decision your making, you may also need someone's advice to clear your head. If your emotionally attached to someone or something involved in the decision or problem you may be blinded by the feeling you have toward them or the object. Being blinded by emotions can cause you to make ill-founded and panicked decisions. Its better to ask someone who is not involved for advice, they will have a better idea on what to do and have a different point of view.

Lastly, asking multiple people for advice that have different backgrounds will provide many different ideas and opinions. For example If your living in New York and you ask a cowboy how to find a parking space in Times Square, he won't know. He may give ideas or explain how he find parking Texas, but you would need someone who understands the situation from their own experiences. By asking people with different backgrounds you may get advice that you needed or some that you ever thought about.

Many different people give different types of advice and see problems differently by having a large amount of people give advice about a decision you have to make will give you a better understanding of all the possibles and what the best choice is. 