In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author talks, not only about the risks and dangers of trying to study Venus from up-close, but also the benefits and the knowledge we'd obtain by succeeding. With dangers like eight-hundred degree weather, atmospheric pressure ninety times greater than ours, sulfuric acid in the atmosphere,etc., the mission almost seems impossible. While our author does give us the cons of this mission, he/she also gives us the pros. The author gives us supporting ideas by telling the reader on why scientists are so fascinated in Venus. The mission seems dangerous, but scientists and astronomers want to study the planet because it's known as Earth's "twin" and because they believe that long ago, the planet once might have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system.

Scientists and astronomers believe that Venus might've been covered in oceans and support this by stating that some of Venus's feautures are analogous to those on Earth. With rocky sediment as the surface and features such as valleys, mountains, and craters, the planet has a close geographical terrain such as Earth's. Furthermore, Venus can sometimes be the nearest option for a planetary visit. If we, the people, somehow found a way to visit the planet without suffering from the consenquences of the all-killing world, it'd have a huge impact on today's society and history. The author later states we might actually have a way to study Venus with something we've already used for decades.

One compelling idea that NASA came up with was to let scientist study the planet above the fray. Sending a blimp-like vehicle, the vehicle would hover 30 or so miles above the Venusian landscape, allowing the scientists to study the planet without the vehicle being destroyed. The author later gives the reader a comparison of how our jet airplanes do the same to fly above many storms. If we succeed in sending the vehicle above the surface of Venus, the temperature would drastically change,decreasing from eight-hundred degrees to one-hundred and seventy degrees. Furthermore, the air pressure would also be something we humans could survive; the pressure only being that of the sea level on Earth. While seeming almost impossible, it is something that can be accomplished through time and effort.

Another way that NASA is working on to approach Venus is by using older technology. The author states on how while our technology is quick, powerful, and flexible, it tends to be more delicate. Using technology and machines from the 1940's, during the World War II era, NASA wants to use mechanical computers which can survive a longer period of time. While older, the machines do not take any electricity and works with only gears and levers. The technology is way more resistant to the pressure, heat, and other forces that Venus contains.

Finally, while the challenge is a very difficult one, the author explains how the mission still has value and how human curiosity will lead us into many equally intimidating edeavors. The author also gives a good point on how "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." Anything can be accomplished as long as we are still here on this planet and we as humans evolve. The more we work as a team and the more dedication we have, anything can be accomplished. The people just have to have faith and our imagination would still have to run wild.          