examples of advice

Asking for advice is a way of getting through daily struggles and one of the ways asking for advice is opinions. so you are having trouble with a friendship and you want to make things better you ask friends,family,etc you are still getting more than one opinion. when you are having conflict and you ask one of your friends and he says throw them off a bridge just go to someone else and ask them what the right thing to do a second opinion does not hurt it saved your friends life.

Back in july i had a math test due and i was asking my friend if i should study or not and she was like no you are fine you will pass it and it is really easy. so i took the test and failed so 3 ,weeks later i have a quiz i ask the same friend what should i do she says the same thing so i asked my besfriend he says yes you should really study it will help alot so i studied and passed. I also think that getting more than one opinion is like having a bigger brain and you are looking at it diffrently becuase you have more ideas on the question or the advice you needed.

Making a better choice from more than one opinion i think is gonna be more of a chance you do the right thing. Example what should i do to get more money friend 1 rob a bank friend 2 ask or beg for money friend 3 get an education and get a job. friend one could have got you killed friend 2 wasnt so bad but you should never beg or ask for money unless you have a job and need finacial help friend 3 will help you in long run so always get multiple opinions on any kind of advice. construction workers always have multiple opinions on a build they are doing so do house designers it's a good way of doing something better for yourself and others.

My advice to you is to ask more than one person expesically if it is important i will always get more than one opinion but not on everything. But it does give you more than one thing to choose from if thats to difficult narrow it down to the one you want and like the most. Another example is what would you like for your birthday not just one person is going to know what might interest and excite you.         