A summer project is one of the last things a student may expect to work on during the longest break of the school year; some schools assign students a summer project in order to ensure that they are continuing to learn during their nearly three month-long break. Incidentally, a number of students may recieve a project that they might find to be unsatisfactory towards a certain preference like a subject that they prefer. Summer projects should be student-designed as opposed to teacher-designed, because a student-designed project will give one far more creative freedom, it can give one the ability to be flexible with assignments, and it can allow one to have an opportunity for reflection.

Firstly, student-designed projects will allow students to have a large amount of creativity and originality with their own projects since they themselves are chosing what to do, having more creativity in ones project means that one can attain more individuality. With this in mind, once all projects assigned have been completed, schools will recieve a large number of diverse, varying projects that are all individually unique in their own ways, which is reflective of the students' personalities and preferences. The student-designed projects might also present ideas to teachers and how they can make assignments for students.

Secondly, a student-designed project will give one the ability to be flexible, adaptible, and effecient at completing future projects and assignments, eventually gaining more experience. This can lead to one suceeding and improving their performance on other assignments and projects; however, the same can be said for a teacher-designed project, although, what makes a student-designed project differ from a teacher-designed project is simply because the project is made by oneself and therefore, one can get a better understanding of themselves, and find the necessary materials to use for the project.

Lastly, a student-designed project can allow one to have an opportunity for self-reflection as one can find out what certain personal preferences, methods, and other specific and unique traits one has. This can benefit oneself greatly because it gives a further insight into how one can complete an assignment, because of themselves and the experience that they have gathered through the way of completing a project.

In summary, schools should consider assigning student-designed projects to those during the summer. Summer projects should be student-designed as opposed to teacher-designed, because a student-designed project will give one far more creative freedom, it can give one the ability to be flexible with assignments, and it can allow one to have an opportunity for reflection. 