Hi, I'm Luke Bomberger. I am so happy that I joined the Seagoing Cowboys becasue joining their progam, made my life had change completly, in the good way though. Don't loose me here becasue I'm about to tell you some of my favorite adventures, and the lessons I have learned to really see how the world works. I hope by the end of the argument you will be so convinced and enthusiastic about joing the Seagoing Cowboys program as much as I was!

The most amazing place that I have ever visited was probably Greece. I found Greece to be the best because there were so may fantastic ruins and buildings that the Ancient Greece built thousands of years before my time. The Acropolis was a very beautiful sight to see because you could tell that the builders had done a great job of building it, so that it would last a long time. I

could proboby write all day about Greece, but I want to share some of the other wonderful sights I got to experience along the journey.

The gondola in Venice,Italy was acculay pretty fun to ride. Seeing the Italian buildings accualy was neat site to visit. You could relaxing on the gondola trying to learn Italian. Venice had kind people, so if you think that you would be mistreated because you're a foreigner, you're wrong. In europe the people are kind and generous to everyone. Going t differnt places might be a klittle nearve wreaking, but after about two trips you'll get used to it, and that's what you'll want to do. The Seagoing Cowboys not only lets you travel, but also learn different languages, meet new people, experience differnt jobs, and so much more. I'm not going to spoil all the fun of being a Seagoing Cowboy beause I want you to fell exitement when you hopefully want to become one. I did miss my family, but the job and traveling kept me very busy and aware of what life was like.

The best part of all was giving a little homeless boy in China some clothes and food. That boy was the sweetest child I've ever seen in my whole life. seeing him with a big smile gave me a better future. tha smile and journey with the Seagoing Cowboys was amazing. I hope you will pariceipate with the Seagoing Cowboys because it will change your life. Joing them was the best deciosn of my life. Thank you for reading my argument please make the right decision by joining,a dn make a difference in our world. I hope you will get to experience what I did.      