Phones and Driving: Why They Don't Mix

Cell phones: most people have one in this day and age. With this prolific use of cellular devices throughout the modern world, they can be observed in almost every aspect of daily life. Roadways are no exception, which is a problem for both those using phones, and drivers nearby who aren't on their phones. While most states in America have banned texting and driving, many still allow limited or hands free use of cell phones. Drivers should not be allowed to use cell phones in any capacity while on the roads; it endangers them, as well as drivers surrounding them.

Distracted driving is a major cause of driving-related accidents in the United States (26% of all car crashes in 2014 involved cell phone use, according to the Department of Motor Vehicles). 9 people a day are killed, and another 1000 injured as a result of distracted driving.

This a big problem especially amongst young people. 42% of teens admitted to texting and driving in 2015, and it is the leading cause of death in teenagers. The dangers of mixing cellular devices and driving are evident.

There is one very key reason that cell phones are a dangerous proposition in vehicles: focus. When driving, focus on the road and your surroundings is paramount. Having one's phone nearby leads the mind astray, and takes away from that ever so important focus. With the high speeds that are driven at today, one mistake leads to an accident. One mistake leads to serious injury and/or death in many cases. There are 3 different types of distractions present while driving: visual, manual, and cognitive distractions. Cell phone use is especially detrimental in this scenario because it embodies all 3. A phone takes your eyes off the road, your hands off the wheel, and your mind away from driving; a deadly trifecta. It is well known, why cellphones are a danger, and the effects they have had on roadway safety, now appropriate action must be taken to combat this crisis.

Texting and driving has been banned in 47 of the United States, as well as the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam. Of those, only 15 states ban completely hand held use of cell phones while driving. Not enough is being done to combat this problem; in spite of these steps taken in the right direction, the statistics surrounding cell phone related car accidents is still far too high. There should be a national level ban of handheld use while driving in the United States.

While the tragedy of cell phone related car accidents, or car accidents in general for that matter, cannot be prevented, there is more that can be done in order to combat this problem, and it is absolutely necessary that it is done. Handheld use of cellphones should not be legal in the United States, for the safety of everyone who uses the roads, and anyone who walks alongside them.

Works Cited

"The Dangers of Distracted Driving." Federal Communications Commission, 5 Apr. 2018, www. fcc. gov/consumers/guides/dangers-texting-while-driving.

"Texting & Driving." DMV.ORG, www. dmv. org/distracted-driving/texting-and-driving. php.         