School systems are going above and beyond with helping the students learn. New school systems are coming up allowing kids to take online classes at home. Online schooling is different from what most students are used to some students are making the jump that can change school systems forever. This new method of learning can benefit students all over the country and maybe the world some day! I think at home schooling is a great idea! I think this because some kids are better learners when they are alone, some students dont have the ability to make it to school everyday, and some students might not have the best school environment that they feel they can learn in due to bullying.

Some student can benefit a lot from being alone in a quiet area when learning. Some kids get easily distracted by noise of other kids chatting, coughing, and loud tapping of fingers against keyboards the list goes on and on of things that distract students. Kids could benefit from online schooling so they can get there work done and not be distracted. I would love this because I have ADHD and am easily distracted by things even with my medicine. If people like me could have a quiet space to go do one on one they could benefit more than being in a classroom where they cant focus. Many school systems could see a large increase in grades and students finishing their work on time.

Students that would really benefit from this new online school system are students that cant make it to school everyday. Some students are extrordanary athletes that can't always make it back to school because they are traveling for competition and games. These students could benefit from this online schooling because when they are on the road they won't have to worry about missing school work or failing tests because they weren't there to learn the material. I know this would work for these types of students because my really good friend plays soccer, he has to travels overseas and is away for a weeks at a time. When he comes back and a teacher tells him to do his work he had no idea what he is doing because he wasnt there for half the week. He would end up getting frustrated because he wouldnt know most of what they would give him. He ended up not having the best grades because of it but he is a very successful soccer player now. Students like this that travel a lot could benefit from online schooling so they can succeed in school as well as sports.

A problem that has always been in the school system is bullying. Online schools can gives kids that don't feel comfortable going to school, another chance to learn and get an education. Some students that are bullied don't fell comfortable at school and cant learn. Schools are doing a great job making sure kids are ok and having a good safe learning environment, but no matter how hard the school tries to take out bullying it will always happen in school.

For example, an experience I had with bullying was when I

was in 7th grade. My group of only friends decided they didnt like me and to not be my friends anymore and make fun of me. I had to go everyday and get made fun of, I hated school. I couldn't learn anything because I was always distracted by mean kids being annoying and making fun of me.

It got so bad I had to take a week off of school to do therapy. During this time would have benefited me best to take online schooling so I could get away from the bullies at school. I feel very strong about online schooling and how that might have changed 7th grade for me, to not be as bad as it was. Students that are effected by bullying can benefit from online school because it gives them a way to get away from being bullied and be able to learn with out all the mean distractions.

I feel its a great idea to have online schooling, students that take classes at home can benefit in many different ways.

Such as students learning better when they are alone, students that cant make it every day to school, and students that dont have a good school environment and suffer from bullying. If students take these steps to take online schooling then some students will be more successful than being in a classroom. This new online school system can change the way people look at schooling and change how schools operate in the future. 