High school can get very stressful and overwhelming sometimes. Video conferencing and work online are some ideas for teens who are ready for that next step. And we are up for that. This is beneficial because they're able to supply their own food,have more freedom,and gain better concentration. Therefore,students should be able to attend classes from home.

School food can become very gross after a while and eating the same lunch every two to three weeks can get very old. During school, they give you a time limit for when to go and when your time is up. The staff in the cafe will only serve you one plate per lunch and if you don't have the right stuff on your tray then therefore you have to go back in the line and pick up what they tell you. Some students have to pay to even eat lunch and if you dont have money you can't eat. However, if classes were taught at home they would have every thing they could possibly wish for.

Everyday staff members are yelling and demanding us to go to class, or to not wear a specific type of clothing, and tell us we can't listen to music. If you disobey any of these rules your consequence could either be out of school suspension or detention. These type of consequences goes on your record and can possibly effect your career after school. While at home, anything you wear doesn't matter as long as your fully dressed, who wouldn't want to go to class in their pj's! Me personally, enjoy listening to music while working because it helps me stay focused and get things done faster. These students should be able to have their freedom and worry about nothing.

Some think distance learning is not beneficial however,students should be able to attend classes online and join a video conference. Students that attend public schools don't have the right to do the things that students from home do. Teens however tend to have very bad anxiety when it comes to going to a school with a bunch of other students. Anxiety starts around the age 14-18 and can go on for a various of time. This argument should be dealt with over a conference to discuss whether or not students don't agree with classes at home.

In conclusion,students should be able to attend a class or video conference at home and finish all four years from there. All students should be able to supply their own food and have freedom while accomplishing this task. I agree with students being able to benefit their learning from home.       