I think that this new rule is necessary.

Have you ever worked to be apart of something bigger than yourself? It's a great feeling! Whether it be a group project or the school play; it's all a group effort. Everyone having at least one extracurricular activity gives us students the chance to develop their skills and talents, it'll give us experience for our future work place, and give us a chance to make ever lasting friendships bettering the group efforts.

Working on an extracurricular activity can help us learn talents and while developing older skills. Some students may learn important social skills and, other can develop those skills. Many students have hidden talents yet, might not ever be able to use it if they're just doing standard desk work. I hope with this new rule we can all express ourselves while learning from valuable experience.

In recent years, studies have shown that 66% of students who joined a club or have done an extracurricular have a higher chance of getting into colleges or getting a job. A lot of people can benefit from extra work experiences. Jobs and colleges are looking for talented individuals who know how to work. I think that is reason enough to start this program.

These activities give students who only want to socialize with people like them a place to meet others. Students with similar interests working together can be a force of good. When you get to learn and work beside those who you are comfortable with you'll do and feel much better. With everyone working together and no one is excluded everyone gets to help out and be apart of the group.

Giving student a place where they can learn and develop talents and skills while also giving them work experience and, helping the meet new people is definitely a good idea. A school where students are able to express themselves in their own creative groups. That will not only give us great memories but, will also help us as adults. I think more schools should be open to opportunities like this.