Have you ever needed advise on something, how many people would you ask for help? While some people use one person to get advise others use more than one and maybe even up to four people. The viewpoints vary drastically with how many people you use to get help or advise, and that is why people either fail or succeed in important situations. When in important situations people have were there is not any room to fail you should go to multiple people for guidance. The first reason for that is that it will help to get different opinions on the topic you need help with. Second, often times the decision is hard to make on your own and other people could have knowledge of what your decision should end up being. Finally, the more people you ask the more your answer will be refined, for instance you could get a good answer from someone but another person could have pretty much the same answer but they refine it more to give you an even better outcome than you could've had without the other people.

You can get advise from more people to even out the opinions, and the more of those opinions you have the better your advise will be. From my experience people have very varied opinions on different topics, so if you have just one person the likelihood of you having a very one sided piece of advise is much greater than you asking more than just one person. Sorry to say but there are a lot of people with very one sided advise so you need to watch who you ask about advise, especially the important advise. This is why you should never just rely on yourself to make the important and hard decisions to make, you yourself can be very one sided and not even know it. There are many people in the world to ask, and everyone has a slightly different understanding of how things work and how they view everything on whole, so try your best to ask the most people you see to be a good amount to help your upcoming decisions.

You could have a very hard decision in your opinion, but after asking people you could find someone that knows exactly what you are doing and can give you the perfect answer. This is another reason why you should ask as many people as you can before coming to your final decision. For instance you could be working on some specific project that in your opinion is very challenging, but after you've been asking around for help enough you find someone who is very experienced in that line of work. You may not always find these people but asking enough people you will begin to find pieces of your answer, and if you get enough of those pieces you will finally get a good answer for your project. There was a time that I had a project in a class and it was very challenging to me so I went to my mom and dad first and they were very experienced in that background so they gave me a clear and easy answer to help me with that project. That is just one example of how asking more people can help you get better advise overall.

You could get what you think to be a great answer from someone, but you wisely decide to keep asking and find an even better and more refined answer for your decision. This is why you should keep asking people even if you think you have the best answer you should always keep asking until you are sure you have found the perfect answer. It's like making a puzzle, you keep getting getting little pieces of the puzzle and finally you complete it after you are done asking enough people. It is the best way to go about things and there is really no shortcuts, so try your best to get all the info you need to make the perfect decision.

When in important situations people have were there is not any room to fail you should go to multiple people for guidance. The first reason for that is that it will help to get different opinions on the topic you need help with. Second, often times the decision is hard to make on your own and other people could have knowledge of what your decision should end up being. Finally, the more people you ask the more your answer will be refined, for instance you could get a good answer from someone but another person could have pretty much the same answer but they refine it more to give you an even better outcome than you could've had without the other people. This is why asking as many people as you can is the way to go in situations that are of importance. It will almost always give you a clear and easy answer for you.          