Most people like to ask advice when they do not know something or they are confused. A good reason to ask more than one person for advice is that the other person could be bias towards the subject you`re talking about. Some peoples opinions are not great but can definitely help sometimes others peoples way of thinking can change yours. There was one time I asked for advice about school and how can I make it easier one person said just wait until high school where you can drop out that is really bad advice for example. I waited for someone else to ask and I asked my dad he said to just pay attention and try your best which helped me out with a lot because I dont do both and need to be reminded that is a good example of good advice. The reasons why people should ask more than one person for advice the person is educated to the topic, they are a good person that has made bad decisions, and someone that thinks like me.

A good reason to ask someone educated on the topic is that if I was asking I would want someone smart in what im asking about for a good opinion. For good opinions you ask the smartest person. The reason why is that they can help more. If someone can help more it is better for everyone. I will most likely ask the most educated person in the topic im looking into.

If a person makes bad choices they learn form them thats why I think asking people like that for advice is a great idea. Everyone makes a bad choice once or twice but its good to learn form other peoples bad choices to. The people that make bad choices are usually open minded and can tell about learning from there mistakes.

Someone that thinks like me can help me with a lot of things but I would be more biased to them because they think like me. The bad thing is that I could be more likely to listen to the person that thinks like me because I like them more than the other people. It helps to hear something out loud from someone else than in my head. The biggest reason I would like this is because it is hard to find someone that thinks like me and it would be nice also.

The essay talks about asking for advice and opinions. I named three type of people to ask for advice. I said someone smart and educated about the topic, they are a good person and made bad mistakes, and someone that thinks like me. I gave reason about all three in the paragraphs. My favorite paragraph to write was three because it was interesting to write about the topic. 