Students wouldn't benefit from attending to classes at home. Schools offer different options that distance learning does not. It's a good opportunity to attend regular classes. Everyone can learn in different ways but a better option it's by attending normal classes. People have the option to choose whith what they feel comfortable. Attending to regular classes gives the opportunity to pick their own classes. We can have many benefits by this. If students attend to regular schools they have the opportunity to meet new people, to participate at clubs and they have the chance to talk and get help from teachers.

Students who attend normal schools have the opportunity to meet new people. Not everyone likes to be anti-social and to be alone without not knowing others. Sometimes is great to have a person that we can tell everything. By going to school, we have the chance to talk to a thousand of people and to make new friends. Once Generic_Name got the options to pick home school or to attend to normal classes. She chose to do classes at home. She was happy for the idea that she has not to wake up early. For the first couple of weeks everything was fine. She was getting use to it. One day she realized that she has no friends; she feels alone. Generic_Name when to talk to her mom about the way she was feeling. Her mom told her that if she weren't pick to stay at home and doing distance learning; she weren't to feel that way. Generic_Name thought about what her mom told her and she decide that the best option was attend to normal classes at school. If we attend to regular classes, we are not going to feel alone and we can make new friends.

Schools provides the chance to participate at clubs. While distance learning don't have activities or clubs for students to do. Public schools have different kind of activities or clubs that they can enjoy. Activities and clubs are a good way to help and to prepare students for the future. They have the option to enjoy a team from their preference. For example, a person who like football. They might like to form part of the football team and that's what normal schools provides. If this person form part of a football team; he can get scholarships to participate in big leagues. From clubs students can get an idea of what career they want to get in the future, to discover new things, and to get experience from this different activities.

Other might argue that distance learning gives students time for their jobs, they can avoid being getting in trouble and they can take care of their youngest siblings while they are at home. However, people by attending to classes have the chance to get help from teachers. It's a reality that not everyone is capable to understand easily. Sometimes we need a push or help from others who knows about the things we don't. The awesome thing about normal schools is that teachers stay a little longer after school to help with hard work. To pay attention during classes can be hard because of other classmates are making noise or it's really hard to understand. Teachers talk about our grades and gives us advices to improve them. Talking to teachers helps to understand because they give us a deeply explanation.

At school people have the chance to make new friends, to have the oppoortunity to try new activities and to improve academically with the help of teachers. Some people can be in disagreement with public schools, but they have on mind that sometimes it can be a better option. School it's a good way to get out of home for at least some hours. Not everyone likes to being at home for the whole day. At school we can have fun with our friends, lunch time is unique and that is something the distance learning don't offer. Activities after school are a good way to keep people out of trouble. To help them to choose a good path. School have a variety of ways to have fun, not just by playing, also by learning. 