Have you ever wondered how it would feel to take online classes instead of actually going to school? That has always been in most students mind, should schools offer online classes as a learning option for students? A lot of times those talks tend to cool down and we just brush it away, because they believe it wont help kids focus since their is no teacher. Recently the talks of those online classes are being brought back because of the Coronavirus and all the people it is effecting because of it being highly contagious. I believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they wouldn't miss content due to being late or absent, it would be safe and beneficial, and people wont get distracted as much as they do in school.

A lot of times during the school year you are late to classes, or sometimes even have to miss them. That doesn't mean your a bad kid; that just means that your like the rest of us, completely normal. Everyone has to miss school at some point, weather its because of doctors appointments, personal issues, or just waking up late. I believe you shouldn't be penalized because of that when it comes to your education. Those missed days may come on days where the content that you are learning in class is very important. Lets say that someone shows up to every class on time everyday; we all have those days were we are just to tired to think about the school work and we zone out during the lesson. Thats why we should have online classes or video lessons so we can go back and rewatch those lessons, so if we don't understand something we can keep rewatching it until we learn. When it comes down to having questions about the content, I believe we should have a space where we can type that answer and the teacher can respond to it through a video chat.

The most urgent reason we need to have classes from home is the Coronavirus. The virus started in China and has spread throughout the entire world.

It was just about a week ago when the first case was positive in America and now States all over the Country have it. There are 20 cases in the DMV right now including 8 in Virginia. This contagious virus spreads rapidly and can be spread without us even knowing. Our education is important but there is nothing more important then our health, so I believe we need to have classes from home so we can keep ourselves safe and still get an education. Not only are the students worried but even the parents are saying that they do not feel comfortable sending their children to school.

Parents are really worried if kids are washing their hand in school, or if someone sick is staying home or not. Even when the virus cools down, kids are always coming to school with the cold especially in the winter, which gets more and more people sick. Even though you can't control when people get sick and who gets sick, there are some classes we just don't need and we are wasting time and risking the possibility of catching something by going to them.

Some peoples counter argument to all this would be that kids won't do the work at home because their is no teacher. I believe however that the parents if they choose to, should force their child to do the work. Kids listen to their parents more than they listen to teachers, so having home classes will encourage them to do the work they don't do in school. Another reason students would benefit from online classes is that they wont get distracted at home as much as they do in school. We all have friends that we have fun being with, and we tend to loose focus when we're around them. Having online classes will help you be away from those friend distractions. Another huge distraction in classrooms are class clowns, and those people that keep disrupting the class because they are looking for attention. Those constant disrupting are a huge distraction to other students and even the teacher who is trying to teach the entire class a lesson. They're also those people that don't want to learn so they decide to distract there peers from learning to which will also distract the people next to them, that won't be a problem because at home they wont distract anyone but themselves. If we begin to have online or video classes form home you will have no distraction because it will be just you, so if you don't pay attention it is all on you.

By doing online classes, the school system is doing their part to keep us healthy and safe, and they are also making sure we are not wasting time in classes we don't need. At the same time since technology is taking over the world they are innovating and trying a new idea which can be very beneficial to students and teachers. I believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they wouldn't miss content due to being late or absent, it would be safe and beneficial, and people wont get distracted as much as they do in school.