Imagine going to outer space, and you land on Mars. When you get there you find a landform that you haven't seen before. This could be something big, but you know it isn't alive, so you have to assume it is a landform. When you go back and show everyone what you found people think it is an alien, but further investigations show it is a natural landform. This Face is a natural landform because no one has ever seen something like this before, no one has any proof that it is a human or alien, and NASA and the Mars Global Surveyor say it is a landform.

First of all, no one has seen anything like this before. The text states," There must have been a degree of surprise among mission controllers back at the Jet Propulsion Lab when the face appeared on their monitors." This peice of evidence shows that the face is new to them, and they don't know what it is. Another piece of evidence is," Twenty five years ago something funny happened around Mars." This, also, shows that NASA doesn't know what it is. If no one knows what it is then you can't say it is a human or alien without knowing the facts.

Secondly, no one has any proof that it could be an alien or a human. For instance, the text states," Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa." This piece of evidence shows that they can't figure out exactly what the face is. They are making aussumtions of what the face might be, but they aren't one-hundred percent sure of what it is. NASA would have to have proof to say it is an alien or not.

Lastly, when Mars Global Surveyor arrived at the Red Planet he found out the face was a natural landform. For example, the text states," Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform." This shows that once they got a clear picture of the face, the JPL found out it was just an ordinary landform. The text also states," What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West." This piece of evidence found in the text shows that NASA figured out that the face was a landform. Yes, the face did look like a human, but the NASA found out it was a landform when they closely examined the it.

In conclusion, the face that was thought to be an alien or a human was clearly a natural landform. First of all, it was never seen before, so no one could be sure of what it was. Secondly, people just assumed it was an alien or a human, and they had no proof that it was. Lastly, the Mars Global Surveyor found out the face was a natural landform. This evidence shows that face everyone thought was an alien was actually a natural landform.       