Driverless cars. An innovation that was once only a dream is now much closer to being a significant aspect of our lives. Personally, I am all for the development of driverless cars. The pros severely outweigh the few cons and there really aren't many valid reasons to halt working on driverless cars.

According to cofounder of multi-billion dollar company google, Sergey Brin, we could create a future of public transport that consists completely of driverless cars. Also, this solution would use only half of the fuel that today's taxis use. If fuel is being reduced and citizens are easily able to get from point A to point B, the only con here is that there would be less jobs available for transport such as taxi drivers. But proportionally, using half the fuel we do now would have a much stronger positive impact on our future than careers being lost for the miniscule fraction of people who work as a taxi driver.

At the moment, car crashes are one of the highest likely reasons of death ESPECIALLY in teens. And this doesn't show any reason to change. But in a handful of years when driverless cars are close to perfection, the amount of car crashes that would occur would drop drastically. That is, if we take advantage of an opportunity like this rather than sleeping on it for what little reason there is left. Once the driverless cars are improved enough and safer than the average driver, we will be able to make the majority of transport used with them. And then there will be no more reasons to worry about new teen drivers getting in a wreck, drunk drivers, drivers under the influence, etc.

Lastly, new drivers will have lots of time saved once driverless cars are everywhere. New drivers currently have to spend at least 50 hours driving with a parent or guardian before they are considered ready to drive alone (and let's not forget that new drivers have a 50% chance to be involved with a crash during their first year of driving with a license). So driverless cars will free up time for families with new or inexperienced drivers as well as save them money. Most new drivers take a driver's ed class (which first of all takes a lot of time) and they can be hundreds of dollars! There's no reason we shouldn't eliminate these pointless negative aspects of our current system.

Reviewing what's been said here, three significant reasons driverless cars should continue being worked on are apparent. One being that only HALF the fuel we currently use would be needed. Two: having these driverless cars would create a much safer environment since crash rates would nearly disappear. And finally, new drivers would save large amounts of time and money once these cars are here and ready. These are only three reasons of countless others that haven't been addressed yet. Driverless cars are the future of our society.