The face on mars has been a topic for argument since its discovery in 1976. You might say that it is far to realistic to not have been created by intellegent life, but if there were any kind of alien carvings to sugest that, we would've seen it using the MGS image. We mush firmly conclude that the face was not created by any kind of inteligent extraterrestrial life form.

NASA released the photos originally to drum uo buzz aroung their programs. It worked most definitely, but the attention created sceptices. This led to NASA going out of their way to get a better shot of it, hopeing that this will silence the doubters, However this was a grueling task. Eventually though they found pretty substantial evedence that it was just a rock formation.

The face was initially discovered May 24, 2001 and ever since conspiracy theorists have run wild with the idea that it was made by aliens. The theory states that it was creatd by intelegent life, but NASA has been trying to cover it up and hide its true nature. As stated before this has no foundation because if Intelegent life was found on Mars if would only benifit NASA by drumming up a lot of money for research. Meaning the theory is unlikely.

Using advanced immaging they took pictures of the area that concluded the face was just a oddly shaped rock. However, it is a peculiar shape,but Middle Butte in Utah stands tall in a nearly barren landscape and that has been proven scientifc fact.

The face became something to rave about. It was such an important part in our pop culture that it even stared in a movie. The face will always facinate us. It is remerkable just how much the formation resembles a human face. Perhaps there will always be sceptics, but almost everything can be questioned. That is what is so great about humanity.

The face was not created by intelegent life. Even though that would be amazing. It is just a annother Martian mesa. The truth behind something like this might even be more miraculous than the fiction. Just think about how a planet can create something so beautiful without craftsmen and artisans for help. We may not know about aliens yet, but they certainly did not create this landform. But who is to say their isnt one that was created by aliens, the universe is a big place: anything is possible.