In the essay "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author does an great job of describing how Venus would be a very worthy persuit depite all of the dangers. Venus is the closest planet to earth. In the essay the author states that it is known as Earth twin. That is in terms of desity and size though.

In the essay the author states that "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This statement in the essay opens many new ideas to support why exploring Venus would be a worthy pursuit. Its starts to make the reader wonder what happened to the planet to make it look the way it does now. Even though it is very dangerous the mission to Venus could posibbly be held to many discorvory's, and this is what the author is telling us he thinks that it is worth it and it definetly is.

Then you get the reader wondering how do we study a planet we can't even land on. The text states " NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the suface of Venus would allow the scientist to float above the fray." Then the author compares that to flying above storms in airplanes today. This would allow the humans not to get hurt while testing Venus. The author has given the reader a good way to see how it would be possible for scientis to experiment on Venus. That is another way he makes it seem like a worthy pursuit.

Last of all he makes a point that this step would not just gain insight of the planet, but it will allow us to target bigger task. The text states "not only because insight gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intiminadating endeavors." This alows the reader to devolop a sense to what might happen after they experiment on Venus they will start on another dificult task. The author wants the reader to know that this is all in the devolopment in are world. It will alow us to further and that is great for this world to discorver new places.

In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author does an amazing job of making sure the reader understand that studying Venus is a worhty pursuit. In the essay he gives us a reason why which is it is the most earth like planet in our solar sytem. Another reason is accomplishing the task of studying venus will allow us to think further and go futher in to are solar system and start discorvering more. Last of all the author gives us a how and that is they would float above the fray. All of these points make the reader beleive that Venus is a worthy pursiut despite all of the challenges and danger that the planet poses. 