When I want to get advice, I don't just talk to one person. I seek multiple people's advice because they can have different viewpoints on the same topic. You can seek multiple opinions on anything from buying something to making big and important life decisions. For example, I would need multiple opinions on how to make a beautiful, delicious cake because there are so many ways and flavors to make the cake. Having no multiple opinions is like a short answer question on a test where you can type anything you want to, but possessing more than one opinion makes the decision easier similar to how a multiple choice question helps you answer a question easier.

If I wanted to buy a bike, I would seek multiple opinions from different people to find out which brand is the best and which bike is the least expensive, but with the best quality. If the majority of people that I ask says that a specific brand is the best, then I will probably buy a bike from that brand. You can use other people's viewpoints for things other than buying a bike too. Things such as choosing a college to apply to are very important. I would ask a lot of experienced people to recommend a college to go to because it is a very important decision of my life.

You can also use multiple opinions in courts with complete strangers. If there is a mystery and a detective has a suspect, the court would get witnesses. Not just one witness, but multiple witnesses if you want to make sure the witness wasn't mistaken. If most of the witnesses says that the suspect is the one who committed the crime, then the suspect is most likely the person that broke the law. Multiple opinions can be used in a lot of ways, and it isn't only used in your everyday life.

In conclusion, Seeking multiple opinions is good and important because it helps you make better decisions. Multiple opinions can help people save money on buying something or even change their lives by deciding which college to go to. People that give you their opinions don't have to be people you know or friends, they can also be witnesses in a court that you don't even know. If I were to make a big decision, I would ask lots of people for advice, and I would advise you to do it too. 