Have you ever been on a road trip or just a long drive and said "I wish this car could just drive itself", that may become a viable option sooner than you might have though. Google and other major corporations have been working around the clock for years trying to make that dream become a reality and are getting closer than anyone could've imagined, but do you really trust a computer with the lives of your friends and family.

Yes technology has come a long way the past few years and for the most part it has made positive impacts on our day-to-day lives but we cant just forget the downsides of all these new tech gadgets. Think about how easy it is for someone to hack into your laptop or phone and get all of your person information. How long do you think it would take skilled hackers to find a way to get control of your self driving car once they are released, 6 months maybe a year and you could have thousands of peole trying to gain full power over your vehicle and they just might be able to.

Lets also not forget that computers and other devices malfunction quite often, more frequently then we'd like to admit. Have you ever been on your laptop while constructing an important document and your system just completely shut down without saving? That has happened to me and many people I know and we all thought it was one of the worst things that could happen. Can you imagine what would happen if you're on the middle of the expressway taking a nice road trip with your family and your car just shuts off in the middle of the highway surrounded by 10 ton trucks that could crush your small self driven car like it was an empty soda can. I can risk losing papers on my hard drive due to a malfunction, but im not willing to risk my life to one.

Sure everyone has dreamed of a self driving machine but now that you know all the things that could inevedably go wrong, does it really seem like that cool of an idea? Lets say you can afford a car that drives it self, can you afford the damage you could be held responsible for if something goes wrong with the vehicle. Can you afford to maintain and repair a 2 ton computer that has enough technology to drive you around? I hope that the facts i have told you today will help clear up and questions you've had about if its worth it or not because when you really think about it, it's truely not. 