Attending online classes from home is the new way to never miss any school. I believe that online classes would be beneficial for students so they would not miss out on anything taught that day if they could not make it to school. Students will be able to benefit from taking online classes from home when they are sick, have doctor appointments, and if they miss the bus.

Generally students have to miss school because they are sick. When students do not come to school because they are sick they miss school work. Also when students are really sick they usually have to stay home for more than one day to get better. While in those days of getting better they are also missing a lot of school work, but online classes would be beneficial to the student so they would not miss any of the lessons that were taught in those days that they were not there.

Another reason why online classes would be beneficial for students is if the student has to go to a doctors appointments on a school day. Students may have doctors appointments on school days because that might be the only day their parents have time to take them. Depending on where and how many appointments they have that day the students might not be able to go to school late. So it would be a relief for the parents and the student to know that they will be able to get the information they miss through the online classes.

Finally, students that rely on the school bus to take to them from and to school everyday would be able to benefit from online classes. Because if they miss the bus they do not have to worry about trying to get to school, or missing a day of learning. The student could just go home and get online and learn what they could have missed if they did not have the online classes. Without the online classes the student would have to try and find a way to school or have to stay after school just because they were a little late for the bus.

All things considered, online classes could be a positive impact for students if they have to stay home. When they call out sick they dont have to worry about missing a lesson or work. When they have doctors appointments it is very convenient for both the student and the parents to know that they could just go online and get all the information that they missed. Also for the students that miss the bus they do not have to stress themselves out over waking up late, sleeping in, or not setting there alarm they would just be able to go on their phone and reiceive the lessons and work. Overall online classes should be implemented in every school, so that the student can have a backup plan for when they can not come to school.