Students go into the summer break each year without any assignments to assure that students are still learning because students do not agree with the idea of having assignments during their summer break. However, assigning summer projects for students is a better idea than assigning summer projects to teachers. Although some may believe summer projects should be teacher-designed because it helps teachers become better at teaching, summer projects should be student-designed because it helps students better understand what they are learning, have a fresh memory, and mature better.

To begin with, summer projects for students can help them better understand what is taught throughout the year. Students having projects over the summer can help them have more time to study what they do not understand. Students having the benefit to study over the summer can help them improve on tests, classwork, homework, and other assignments. Some students have other classes and do not have the time to study for each individual class, so assigning summer projects can benefit students to having more time to study and understand what they do not know. Also, if teachers assign enjoyable summer projects for students to complete, students will be more enthusiastic to put effort into the assignment and have a better mindset into understanding topics. Students should have summer projects to complete because it helps them have a better understanding of what they have learned.

In addition, summer projects for students can benefit them in remembering what they have learned. Students go to school and forget what they have learned last year or even at the beginning of the school year. The majority of students struggle to remember everything they learn in each class because students have multiple classes they have to remember different topics in. Also, some students tend to take tests and/or quizzes and not become comfortable with the grade they have scored because students get nervous during the test/quiz and forget what they have learned. Therefore, assigning summer projects for students will benefit students into being more organized and always having a fresh mindset of what they have learned.

Furthermore, teachers should assign summer projects for students to complete because it helps students mature better. Students already have a big responsibility going to school everyday and receiving homework, classwork, and tests and quizzes, but having an assignment over the summer is a bigger responsibility. Having assignments over the summer is a big responsibility because students are taking up their personal time to complete an assignment over their summer break. Students that are able to complete a summer project shows that they have responsibility and maturity. To conclude, teachers should assign students summer projects because it helps them grow maturity and take responsibility for things students should be doing.

In conclusion, teachers should assign students to summer projects because it helps students better understand what they are learning, have a fresh memory, and mature better. The worst outcome that could happen into students having summer projects to complete, is students forgetting about the summer project they were assigned to and not complete it. The positive outcome to students having summer projects to complete, is having a better school year the following year. Teachers should make an effort to have student-designed summer projects for students to become successful.