A journalist in

The New Yorker once said, "Want what we want to want." Our education system consists of the constant absorption of knowledge. The student uses the knowledge to complete teacher-designed assignments in exchange for a grade. In reality, a person uses their knowledge to navigate his or her life. It is important that the students are constantly acquiring new knowledge from learning institutions. However, as they have the right to obtain an education, they also have the right to select the knowledge they had acquire. Students are encouraged to use their imagination to find pathways catered to their futures. However, some teacher-designed assignments limit the student's imagination. Furthermore, some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. The schools have to decide whether these summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed. Based of my prior knowledge, summer projects should be student-designed because it increases students' leadership skills, critical thinking skills, and development.

Student-designed assignments allows for the students to take leadership in their pathways. In the beginning of the education, students are introduced to different extracurricular courses. These children are encouraged to explore their options as they continue their education and go into secondary school. They are given more freedom to choose their classes as they are expected to find a path that works best for them. Similar to the student's freedom to choose a path, this freedom should also be implemented on summer projects. Students should design their summer projects as it will enable them to explore their options. The students can take initiative in catering the projects toward their future careers; thus, making the projects more helpful towards them. In addition, these projects allow for students to act as the teacher, increasing their leadership skills. Students are able to view a teacher's perspective as they design their own projects. They are able to think in a global perspective and create an assignment that is reliable for others. As a teacher, they are required to become an expertise in the subject and effectively teach it. A student designing a summer assignment may replicate some of the positive aspects of teaching and effectively decipher the material. Students can increase their leadership skills through designing their own summer assignments.

Student-designed assignments repel against the oppression of students to systematically think in the same manner and allow for critical thinking skills. In primary school, students are taught a solid foundation of knowledge from their teachers. However, in secondary school, they are encouraged to critically think about the knowledge they have obtained and form a judgment; thus, teachers guide them towards forming an intelligent judgment. This life skill is used on a daily basis, especially in the workplace when humans aren't given a manual for obtaining success. Students should design these summer projects as it promotes critical thinking from the students. Students would be require to form their own ideas as they rarely design a project for themselves. The students would critically think and use their best judgment to create the best project. They would not need a set of directions to control their thinking and limit their ideas. In addition, the oppression of student's creative thinking leads to burnout and loss of motivation. The education system heavily relies on strict teacher-designed assignments, which test the students' ability to follow the rubric in expectancy of a grade that determines the students' success. This type of assignment leads to burnout. Collectively, studies have shown that students lose motivation throughout the school year. This type of learning kills the students' imagination as they follow the directions and absorb the knowledge in a shallow manner. Students should design the summer assignments because it repels against the strict teacher-designed assignments. The students would not have to follow directions; they would create the directions. This type of assignment motivates the students to overcome the challenges of the making of a creation. Student-designed assignments allow for the students to critically think for themselves.

Student-designed assignments create development. Some may say that the students are not qualified enough to design their summer projects, or that they lack the experience to create a student-designed project. However, the thought of limitation manifests into the actual limitation of the students and their lack of experience. Preventing students from attempting the challenge hinders development. The development of these students derives from taking risks, overcoming challenges, and experiences. Furthermore, a new idea allows for an improved version of a precedent principle. Similar to the United States justice system, the law is constantly reforming itself as humans obtain new knowledge and form new ideas. As new ideas develop in the world, the education system must follow as it is the core of our future's success. Student-designed assignments allow for development of the education system.

Students should design their summer assignments due to the increase in leadership, critical thinking, and development. Schools should not abolish all teacher-assignment assignments as some are important in the education system and developing the student's thinking. However, they should implement more student-designed assignments as it benefits the students in multiple ways. These assignments would be the most effective in the summertime when students are continuing learning through their break. The assignments, in themselves, are evidence that students are making their own creations in a system which can limit this type of thinking. We should allow the students to "want what [they] want to want." 