Should summer projects be the students choice or the teachers choice? Even though some say that doing summer projects for school should be the teachers choice, most people believe that the over the summer projects should be the students choice because the students will have the chance to be creative and to do their own thing, students will also be able to show off the different sides of themselves that most people have not seen, and the students would also be more likely to do the project if it was on or about something that they like. Some people think that it should not be the teachers choice becuase they do not always choose things that thier students would like, most of the time the students do not normally like the topics that teachers choose.

First, letting students choose what they want the project to be on gives them a chance to be creative. Allowing students to choose what type of topic that they would want to do lets the student be independent, showing their teachers that they can handle responsibilities when it comes to taking the time to choose a topic that they would enjoy writing about. Students will most likely take this summer project and turn it into something fun instead of it being boring sumer work that they must do in order to proceed to the next grade, students will step outside of their comfort zones and show a little more creativity in their work.

Next, when allowing students to choose their own project topic they will be more likely to get their work finished instead of sitting there thinking about if they should do their work or just let it sit there. If the teachers let the students do what they enjoy doing the student will add a little twist to it and make it pop, for instance there are some students out there who really enjoy art. If teachers gave the students the option of deciding what their projects could be, I am pretty sure some of those kids who love art will add their own twist to things, like colors and anything else you could think of. If teachers allow students to choose then they would have a reason to get their work done, because thye would have choosen what they wanted to do and if that was the case the students would have had to do their work.

However, students do not really seem to like when teachers make choices on what the students can and cannot do for their projects. Students would much rather be able to choose what they can do on a project than letting the teachers choose two or three topics or things that the student can do, even when teachers decide to make things easier for the students the students always have something negative or something to disagree about when the teachers have made the choices.

In conclusion, even though some say that doing a summer project for school should be up to the teachers, most people believe that the summer project should be up to the students because it gives the students a reason to be creative and to do their own thing, showing other sides of themselves that no one has ever seen before, and if the teachers find some topic to do the students will always have their opinons on what the teacher has choosen, plus it shows them how to be independent. students should have a say in what they are able to do when it comes to projects outside of school. 