Tick, tick, tick. Ring! School is out for the day! Or maybe not? Your principle is making everyone at your school join in a extracurricular activity after school. All of your friends are talking about how they won't be able to go to their sports practices after school and other activities that they enjoy. I do not agree that every student should have to participate in a after school extracurricular activity.

One reason I do not agree that every student should have to participate in a after school extracurricular activity is that some students already have a activity to go and do after school. According to statistics at Generic_School 43% of all of their students have activities outside of school on school days. Many school students already have after school activities varying from sports to book clubs. If schools make students join a school bound activity then they might not be able to do a out of school activity that they are enjoying now. Students might not be able to find a extracurricular activity that they enjoy at school but out of school there are a ton of more options.

Another reason I do not agree that every student should have to participate in a after school extracurricular activity is because students already spend a decent amount of time in schools. Superintendent Generic_Name says "most schools in our district have their students in school for around six to seven hours a day." Adding more time for mandatory after school activities would leave less time to work on their homework or study for tests. Making extracurricular activities mandatory will likely resolve in arguments between the school and parents. The parents might argue about how these activities get in the way of their schedule and they won't want to try to work around it.

A third reason I do not agree that every student should have to participate in a after school extracurricular activity is because it can interfere with students and adults schedules. Generic_School, who has made extracurricular activities mandatory, explains that many of their students parents have complained that they want them to stop making extracurricular activities mandatory because they can't find the time to pick up their child. Generic_School is a great example of why we shouldn't make extracurricular activities mandatory. Many parents have to take time out of their jobs to pick up their child but mandatory after school activities will most likely have them confused and on the clock.

Many people would argue that extracurricular activities are a great way to make new friends and have fun. I agree that is what after school activities are suppose to be like but some people don't like the idea of staying at school any longer then they already do. Another thing is that what if you choose a activity but it is already full so you are auto assigned to a activity you don't like. Some people might just quit the activity and find one they like outside of school, but you have to stay in your assigned group because it is mandatory.

I do not agree that every student should have to participate in a after school extracurricular activity. My reasons are because some students already have a out of school activity that they enjoy, students already spend enough time in school, and it can interfere with students and parents schedules. If you enjoy a school activity then you should keep doing it but if you are not into school activities you don't have to do them.