WaBam! That was the sound of her slamming the door behind her as she ran to go ask more people for advice on what to do with the drama at school. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. They start off by asking themselves what they should do. If they cannot come to a reasonable decision on their own, they go ask more people. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because he or she does not have to over think, it allows him or her to rule out the bad choices, and it allows him or her to be the least stressed possible.

The first reason that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that he or she does not have to over think. Usually when someone gets multiple opinions, he or she is going to hear the same one more than once. If he or she hears the same opinion over and over again, then he or she will more than likely go with that choice. Therefore, he or she will not have to think about the choice as much. When I ask multiple people for advice, I go with the opinion that the majority of people are saying, so I do not have to think about it as much. Getting multiple opinions on something gives your brain a break because you do not have to over think.

The second reason that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that it allows he or she to be able to rule out the bad choices. When someone receives advice from multiple people, he or she will probably hear the same opinion twice. Usually if someone hears the same opinion twice, then it is more than likely a good choice. If he or she does not hear any of the opinions that he or she had thought of, then the opinions are probably not going to be good choices. When I am receiving advice, it always relieves my stress when I can rule out a bunch of choices. Receiving multiple opinions can save you time, because it helps rule out the bad choices.

The final reason that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is that he or she is not stressed. When it comes to someone having to make a choice, he or she needs to be stress free. Since seeking multiple opinions does not make someone have to over think, and it allows he or she to rule out bad answers, then he or she should already be stress free. When I am trying to make a decision, I have to be stress free. If I am even an ounce stressed out, then I cannot make a decision. Seeking multiple opinions is a great thing because it does not make you stressed out about the entire situation.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because it gives his or her brain a beak, it saves him or her time, and it also does not make him or her stressed. If anyone wants advice, he or she should seek multiple opinions. Receiving multiple opinions will most definitely help someone make a better choice. With all of this information, it is obvious that seeking multiple opinions for advice is the way to go.                 