"Hello Mrs. Generic_Name, I am planning on starting a lemonade stand business." Generic_Name said, "Every Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. What do you think of my new idea?" "Well, I don't know. I know a friend who started a clothing company last year, and went out of business because no bought her products! The only customer she had was me." Mrs. Generic_Name said. "That's unfortunate, well thank you for answering my question." Generic_Name said. "No problem my dear." Mrs. Generic_Name said. "Hey Generic_Name!" Generic_Name said, "How is your cell-phone business going?" Generic_Name asked, "It's going well, I sold twenty-five cell-phones in one day." Generic_Name answered. "Wow that's incredible!" Generic_Name remarked. "Why do you ask?" Generic_Name asked suspiciously, "Well I was thinking of starting a lemonade stand business, and I need your opinion." Generic_Name said. "Okay, I would recommend you to start your business because it's fun and you see satisfied customers." answered Generic_Name. "Thanks!" Generic_Name said. It is important to ask people for their opinions because they help you to make the best choice, give advice, and share experience so you know what to expect when you make the decision.

First, we should ask for advice because they tell us the best choice. whether it is from experience or not, they can tell us their opinions and tell us what to do and what not to do. Maybe their business has gone out of business because they couldn't sell enough products or they didn't do something specific. For example, when Mrs. Generic_Name's friend started her clothing business, she didn't get any sales because her clothing prices were probably too high. No one would buy clothes that are more expensive. They wouldn't need to buy clothes that are way too expensive.

Secondly, you should listen to them when they tell you advice. Take the advice they give you and use it. The advice could help you with anything. You can use advice everyday. For example, my dad told me advice to do my homework and not procrastinate because later on, the homework will just pile on and I'll never be able to finish it even if I take eight hours during the day, I'll never finish because of the amount of homework I have to do is so much.

Lastly, when people share their business experiences when they started their own businesses, it's important to listen because it can help you when you end up in a situation that happens frequently like, when you don't sell enough of something or make enough money that you need and you might have to go out of business. Other entrepreneurs can help you when that situation occurs.

"Hello, you are my first customer." That's lovely said Generic_Name's first customer. "Would you like strawberry lemonade or regular lemonade?" Generic_Name asked. "I would like regular lemonade please." Answered her customer, "Okay that would be thirty cents." Generic_Name said. "Oh wow that's a reasonable price for a cup of lemonade!" Her customer said as she was taking a sip of her drink. "It's delicious!" "Thank you, come back next time!" Generic_Name said. This is why it is important to ask people for their opinions because they help you to make the best choice, give advice, and share experience so you know what to expect when you make the decision.