Dear Principal

After much consideration I have decided that you should not require students to perform community service. I am a large supporter of community service, such as the U.S. Marin e Corps Reserve's Toys for Tots program, but i feel no student should be forced to do something they might not want to do. Education is all about making choices and decisions and I feel every student should make there own choices and decisions. I encourage community service but i feel the final decision is up to them. This decision should be up to the students because of the reasons of efficiency, choices, and college resimay value.

First, to make every student do community service would not encourage every student to try hard at the service they are doing. For example, if you do not want to help shovel dirt for the building of the new library but were forced to you would no work very hard on shoveling the dirt unlike the volunteer who wants to help so they work hard. And as a result of this public projects might have more people working on them but they would not work as efficiently.

Next, is all about choices. The school should not make it mandatory to do community service after school unless it is for a optional specific program. The reward of helping the community and being know as a good citizen will draw people in to the community service projects not the school making people do them. Students should be allowed to make there own decisions.

Thirdly every student puts community service on there resimay to college doesn't it then, if every one has it, become worthless? Kids who apply with merits of community service have a slight advantage of those without community service but by giving every one community service doesn't that take that value away? So this would discourage all students from community service because the competitive college aspect becomes worthless then. So thus it should be optional.

In conclusion, community service should be optional. It you make it mandatory you remove it's incentive and value. And if it's incentive and value decreased it's efficiency would go in shambles. We want efficient volunteer projects to continue, so students should not be forced to participate. It would be for the better.      