Most High schools in Generic_City offer an online school program either during the summer or the school year. Some students take online courses in the summer to get rid of a required elective. However most of these students who take an online course at some point should consider the pros and cons of this decision. That is due to the fact that students benefit more from a physical school than an online school because students encode more information through varying teaching styles, a physical schools helps build strong relationships, and a physical school allows for one to express creativity.

The first reason why students benefit more from an actual school than a online school is; Online schools offer a very limited ways of teaching a subject. Whereas an Actual teacher can help you learn a certain in various ways to help understand that topic to the fullest. Whether that be doing a project, Homework, Notes, etc.

The online school usually go through notes or modules then assign you homework and tests. along with limitation of teaching styles this also prevents from a students figuring out the best way he or she learns something. For example say you had a history teacher who only read from the textbook and made you copy notes. On the other hand you had another teacher who taught notes not just through textbooks but through web quest, group class work and videos. Pretty quickly you as student would know which type of teaching style you like; a more hands on approach to learning or just straight memorization of a textbook. Online school don't provides this, it follow a strict circumluem and guide lines with no lean way from perceive that differ from their own.

This brings me to the next point which is online schools with their limited interaction prevents the students from building a connection with their teacher. Without a strong connection to your teacher there isnt a incentive to put your best work forward. Or even for you to reconcile with a teacher on why you didn't your best work forward.

Furthermore without this connection the online course will be unable to assess if the students is just trying to pass or are they have full attention in this class. The other aspects of lack of relationships in online schools is peers. Without peers at school a students won't be exposed to ideas and interests, plus this can lead to problems down the road. These problems relating to anxiety ,seclusion, and even depression.

The final reasons which ties in with the other reasons is. With this limited interactions and set structured circumluem. there very little room for a student to express his or her self creativity. Whether that be through projects, answers to a philosophical questions, etc. With prevention of creativity this cause students be able to understand what their role in society is with always being insecure and looking for resurgence. Losing the confidence to think out side of box is harmful to their life after school. With employers today looking for the not just intellects but also signs of creativity to help innovate the businesses even further.

In conclusion, student gain more knowledge in physical school than online school because students process information better through multiple teaching styles, schools help grow and blossom long term relationships , and schools allow for one to express themselves artistically. Some might argue that online schools are beneficial to graduate early however the benefits are outweighed by the cons listed above. All children are required to go to school not just to be educated but also how to act in society. Without schools the world would a lot less advance and civilized 