Dear Mr. Senator,

Over the course of American history the US has always had an Electoral College, which was designed for untrustworthy ballot counting during the 18th century. Today the world is in the 21st century and therefore the Electoral College is outdated on a several century basis. The Electoral College should be abolished because it is outdated and creates politicians that only care about the larger states. Even though America is a Republic the vast majority of people believe it is a Democracy, and that they elect the elected politicians as a people, but in truth elect people to elect politicians for them.

To commence, the Electoral College has no need for presense because it is simply outdated. The Electoral College was made for people to elect people to elect a president, which in its intirety is completly unfair, also it was made when a smaller population was present and the ballot counters where unreliable without the use of electronic counters. Now, one can argue that age has nothing to do with the election process because the close ties rarely happen- the most recent one in 2000 and before that 1888- but a close tie is not the reason. Today the world lives in a modern era where we know how many people voted for a specific candidate but still we use the electoral colleg to see who wins what state. For example, Al Gore, the presidential candidate in 2000, "won the popular vote but lost the presidency"(9), now how is that fair? It is fair because of the Electoral College, where the popular vote isn't always the winner. Clearly, the Electoral College is outdated and should be abolished.

Furthermore, the Electoral College creates politicians that care not about the country but the large states, which have the most votes. A presidential canditate may forget about small states such as Rhode Island and South Carolina and focus on larger ones, like California or Texas, that foster larger amounts of votes. For example, "during the 2000 election seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina"(13), but all the big states did. This is because politicians want to win and not focus on what needs to be done and only say what people want to hear. But once again there is always an argument; people can argue that the Electoral College wins by region, which explains why some states don't see the candidates, or that big sates allows for political balance. "So, other things being equal, a large state gets more attention from presidential candidates in a campaign than a small state does"(21).

In conclusion, the Electoral College should be abolished because it is outdated and creates politicians that only care about the larger states. The US has outdated politics that have no need in todays society, why should the people depend on this outdated system? Also, the politicians only want to win the large states because of this system that does not always coincide with the popular vote. Overall, the Electoral College needs to be abolished.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME    