Since our very first President George Washington our founding fathers have created a system of how a President shall be elected. For many years this system has been proven to be effective. This system or process of electing our Country's President is known as the Electoral College. The Electoral College was used to elect our very first President George Washington and our current day President Obama. This process is full proof and has yet to let our Country down.

The Electoral College is a process created by the founding fathers to make the choice that the people want. After all this is the peoples Country. According to the Source "What is the Electoral College?", written by the office of the Federal Register,The Electoral College process consists of the selection of electors. There are a total of 538 members in the Electoral College. If a candidate has more than 270 votes then they will be our new President. The number of how many members depends on the number of members in its Congressional delegation. There is a total of one each for every member in the House of Representatives and two each for every member in the Senators. When a person votes for his or her Candidate they are actually also voting for thier candidates electors. After the election everything is certified and sent to the National Archives as part of the offical records of the presidential election, also stated in "What Is the Electoral College", by the Office of the federal Register.

More than 60 percent of voters would like to abolish the Electoral College and just have a direct election. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency, states "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", by Bradford Plumer. Not alone have 60% of our voters agree upon giving the Electoral College a boot but so has Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Voters don't feel close enough to the process by which who leads are Country. When voters vote they feel as if they are voting for Electoral members and not the Candidate himself. Voters can not control  whom the electors vote for, after all electors can always defy the popular vote and choose a candidate of their liking. More then half of our voters think that the Electoral College is unfair, out of date, and unpredictable. If the people voted for the President directly then states with a larger population would always win. That would be an outrage, states like Texas would get a better chance then states like Florida. The Electoral College is a full proof plan that avoids run on elections by insuring that no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. Although others want to abolish the Electoral College, there is no better system for choosing our President.

The Electoral College requires a presidentail candidate to have trans-regional appeal, says "In Defense of th Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, by Richard A. Posner. The Electoral College restores the pull that large states have over smaller states. The Electoral College also Avoids the problem of elections where a candidate receives a mojority of the  vote. The Electoral College provides a clear winner. Although many people feel that the Electoral College is uneffective, unfair, and outdated it is a great way of chossing our country's greatest leader. Our founding father have created an effective method that has avoid many problems that may have occured if this process was created. Every four years a President is elected correctly thanks to the Electoral. Many have seen the harm the Electoral college has provided but they do not see the harm that it has helped to avoid.                       