Is it better to go to more than one person for advice? Making decisions can be scary, and so we often ask other people what they were to do if they were us in the situation. It gives us clarity. Seeking this advice from multiple people can give us different points of view, can help you get a variety of different opinions, and may even help you realize that there was no problem at all.

In order to make a better choice, you need to know both sides of the problem. Asking different people can help you see different points of view. One time, my friend was mad at me; I didn't know what I did to upset her. So I went to a few of my other close friends and asked what I might've done to aggravate her in the first place. After I was done walking them through what happened, they explained to me what I had done to upset my friend and helped me see what I could do to fix it. If I had not gone to multiple people I may have never seen the other side of the story.

Going to talk to more than one person gives you a lot of different advice. That is why it is so good to talk to more than one person. If you like a dress but you don't know if you completely love it and ask some friends if they like it; Then you get six people who love it and two who don't. Having all those different opinions on the dress can help you make a better choice.

"Admiting you have a problem is always the first step" they say. Well what if you dont actually have a problem. That's why asking three or more people for advice on a problem may help you see there was no problem at all. Though some people feel that asking three or more people can make decision making very difficult. Just keep in mind that advice from different people is very helpful.

In conclusion, asking someone for advice can help you make the best decision. It can give you the clarity to make the right choice. The benefits of asking multiple people are you get different points of view, you get a variety of opinions, and may make you realize you never had a problem at all.               