Yes, I agree The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because you can read someone's emotions by the look on their face when they walk to the classroom. In the article,It refers "you can probably tell how a friend is feeling by the look on her face". An example in the article is refering "A classroom computer could recongize when a student is becoming confused or bored". Another example,"The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive-for video games or video surgey. This is how the technology is vaulable to read someone's emotions.

You can read a friend's emotions to tell how they are feeling. If you have a friend is forcing herself to smile, you can tell she is feeling sad, depressed, or angry. I know you can't read someone's mind to tell how are they feeling. Only you can read someone's emotion is by the computer knownig your are sad or happy. An example in the article, "if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen,a similar ad might follow. But If you frown,the next ad will be different". This is how computer tell emotions on that person.

If your a teacher,when you see all the students in the classroom, they get tired,bored,confused,or excited. You see different emotions from students when they got to school this moring. Some of the students stay up to late and they woke up early this moring. half of the students in the classroom they might get bored and do not want to learn anything today.

The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive-for video games or video surgey. In this modern technology,kids love to have their phone to play on their games like Iphones,samsungs,lg's phone,or more phones I can think about right now. There are alot of games(Apps) you can play on your smartphone like video games. There is a list of video games kids are so excited about like subway surfers, Archey,Basketball games and etc. This how kids in classrooms's love to have technology with them.

This usefulness this technology to read someone's expressions of the students in a classroom is valuable. You can tell someone's feelings simply by the look on her face. In a classroom you can tell the students how they feel like confused or bored. the technology can be fun like playing games or looking at videos. This how you tell the technology is valuable inside in a clasroom.