In my opinion, developing driverless cars is a scary/bad idea. It's true television and movies have been fascinated with cars that could drive themselves. They show how they can work good and they show how they can work bad.

Right now Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways, dealing with complicated traffice issues etc. I don't think a program or computer can deal with traffic issues or any of that by themselves. What would happen is someone is actually driving a normal car and some else is driving a computer-driven car and the normal car would break down suddenly?

Computers can and do crash. I don't think these manufacturers can insure that the computer-driven car's computer won't crash. Futurists believe that the key to developing self-driving cars are smarter roads. Engineers at Berkeley did come up with a way to make smarter roads but it's too expensive.

I think that it's going to take a lot of time and money to develop these self-driven cars that we don't need. These cars are going to cause more problems that may be big and small. The states when then have to reconsidered that driving age in my opinion. If the cars are proven to drive themselves do people still have to be older to drive? Would people still have to learn to drive a regular car? Would people be allowed to try people driven cars still? Would there be problems between people driven cars and computer-driven cars? What about drunk people? Could they still drive if they can a computer-driven car?

Tons of laws would have to change also. Most driving laws are focused on keeping drivers, passenger, and pedestrians safe. Lawmarkers know that safety is best achieved with alert drivers.

Crashes play a big part into way I think developing a computer-driven car is not a great idea. The article says "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" Think about that. I think it all depends on if the computer-driven cars have an emergency program to where the person in the driver's seat can take control of the vehicle.

Computers are bound to crash or have a small problem here and there, but I think a small problem on a computer in a car can be a life and death situtation.