I agree that you should be able to attend classes from home. We should attend home school because we can learn faster. We should not be going to school anymore because we have to wake up so early. I agree that students don't need to go school anymore instead we should be doing home school now because it is a better environment and we would not have to be going anywhere instead you can stay home.

My first reason why we should attend classes from home because we don't have to wake up so early for school instead you can wake up whenever to start our home school day. Us as students we need more sleep because we get a good amount of homework but when you do home school you can pick what time your classes start at home. If we want to wake up early we can go somewhere to eat breakfast with your family and the good part is you don't school at the time because we can pick what time we want to be in. Us as students we need sleep and we don't get enough because we get out of a normal day at school at 4 by the time we do stuff like after school activities, clubs, and meet with the teachers to get help. It will be so late that we will only get 7 hours of sleep and us as normal kids we need to get 8 or 9 hours of sleep.

The second reason why we should attend classes from home it is less distracted and there will be no students around me. This is so good for us as who take classes from home because i don't have to be around students when i am working because some of the students are really noisy. When there is no teacher in the class everyone does not care and i actually want to learn and i can't constant when the student don't care because they are really loud. When i am at home school now there no noise,no students, and there will always be a teacher that i can learn everyday. This is a better environment for us as students that we can learn everything on the computer.

I agree that students don't need to go school anymore instead we should be doing home school now because it is a better environment and we would not have to be going anywhere instead you can stay home. I disagree we should not be going to school anymore because you have to transport to get there. When we are doing home school we should not being paying the government because we are not going to school which is a government place. This would be a better life for parents because they don't have to pick up your kid in school and less stress if there is something is bad happening in the school.