As a student, who doesnt enjoy summer? It's a time for them to reflect on themselves after a long school year and put their mind at ease after finally having the break they have been waiting for. After schools releases their students off to their summer vacation, they strongly encourage them to still continue learning during their time off from school. With that they assign different summer projects to still have them excersize their brain and knowledge; for instance a summer assignment that is most fimmiliar to students would be the summer reading project, to which they choose and read which ever book interests them most and then go back to school and share it to their teacher as well as what they have learned from it. These assignments are important for students to participate in to keep them in the same academic mindset and prepare them for the next coming school year, but the real question is should these projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? With these two option comes with different learning experiences. Although summer time projects would be helpful being designed by a teacher, it would be more beneficial for the student if it was designed by themselves to excersize their ability of creativity, allow them to work at their own pace and time, and lead them to form a stronger connection with their teachers.

Creativity is a critical tool for schools to encourage onto their students so that they could be able use it even beyond their days of schooling. If teachers give projects out to students that allows it to be designed by themselves these students will be able to test their ability to use their own ideas. Usually teachers goals are to help students build their knowledge, and see how much they are capable of. Although with that how would these students be able to seek that knowledge and creativity if they are permitted to go through guidlines and specific instructions? This would make that proccess harder for them. Having to follow the teachers choice of intructions students wont be able to see or know how far their abilites could go. This idea used in summer projects would really benefit these students because especially during their break their mindset changes a lot. Just by being out of the school environment students behaviors and thoughts change drastically. If they are able to design their own projects and truly invest their time into it they can put together something amazing through their creativity that could introduce the side of them schools dont see often. This new technique is truly the way to keep students knowledge flowing throughout their break time.

Stress is something that most students go through a lot throughout the school year which could really hurt them in terms of their mental state. Many statistics show that stress is increasing and getring worst for students as years go by. This happens often because some teachers sometimes lack to put into consideration how much work students usually have outside of their classes wether it would be school sports, clubs, or even just an excessive amount of homework. Althought some could argue that teachers designing their students assignment could give students the appropiate guidlines to help use their knowledge throughout their summer breaks, but the only person that knows a students comfortable limit of work around their daily routine is the student themselves, during the summer many of them could be out of town for majority of their break and to which they wont be able to have enough time to balance their own routine and the schools summer assignment. If students are able to design their own work they would be able to put together what goes for them best.

Not only could this oppurtuinty help benefit students but it could as well help teachers. This could allow them to build a connection with their students by seeing what they have created. There are some cases where during the school years a teacher and student connection might not be as strong and go no more then work and grading. Its important for schools to really build students and teachers connection more because it helps make the students much more comfortable in their school environment which could allow them to be themselves more. With this being incorporating it helps build that connection by having the the teacher see how the students thinks by their creativity and what they chose to put together during their break. Teachers could as well use this creative technique to challenge students during the school year by putting their projects into competitions instructing that the student with the most impressive work wins some sort of prize. This not only gives teachers the idea of fun ways to grade their students but it as well motivates the students to work harder and put more time into this summer assignment.

In conclusion these student-designed summer projects has many different beneficial oppurtunities for both students and teachers. With all this being said summer time projects would be helpful being designed by a teacher,

but having students be able to design in themselves would be much more helpful for them to use their creativity, work with their own time, and build a better connection with their teachers. This could help change ways most students view school, and the creativity used could impact a more positive response towards the student and help them see how much they are capable of in showing their ideas. Not only could this student-designed method be useful in just summer projects but it could as well be useful in assignments during school. Teachers should be able to excersize this method more to their students to give a different aspect to learning and education.    