In the atricle "Making Mona Lisa Smile" the outhor describes about how a new technology called Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify humans emotions. I rather not be scanned by a computer to tell me my emotions. I don't think the Facial Action Coding System is valuable.

The first reason that I think we shouldn't have computer scanning are face because we need privacy . I wouldn't want a computer scanning me to see if I was happy, sad, tired, or mad. Example of the computer testing someone " She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry. Also there's no need to know there emotions some people don't want you to.

Second reason is that I wouldn't want to pay for it. Some students couldn't afford it. Others could buy it but why would they they are at school to learn not know other peoples emotions. Example what the emotion scanner would do " if you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similarad might follow. But if you frowm next ad will be I different." This shows me that you don't need it because all it shows your emotions anwhat kinds ads other sruff that could help you. There's no point for this if it nots helping you with school activities.

Third reason is whats the point of having this. It does benefit a liitle bit by changing stuff the computer to change our mood. Example of this "According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them." But rather than that it doesn't help us. It doesn't help us get good grades, doesn't show us what to do in class, and doesn't help your teachers eitheir.

So in this article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" where they other talks about compter showing your emotions isn't valubale to any school. The Facial Coding System is just showing your emotions not helping you in school. Its also probably very expensive some people couldn't afford it. Thats why I think its not valuable or needed in a school.      