Advice is a good thing to ask for when you are unsure about a decision you want to make. Many people believe that you should only ask one person for advice when you have a problem, but I disagree strongly. Asking more than one person for advice can help someone make a better choice, for it can keep you from making mistakes, make your decision easier to make, and help you see others point of view.

To begin with, making a mistake is not a hard thing to do in this world, just one wrong word and there is a big problem. Sometimes, you might think that you are doing something right, but end up hurting another persons feelings. This is a reason why asking for advice from others is a good thing to do. For example, you get into an argument with your friend because you accidentally said something that hurt their feelings, so you ask for advice from your other friends to refrain from making the same mistake as before.

Also, when you ask for advice it not only helps stop you from making mistakes, it makes your decision easier to make. Some decisions are really hard to make especially when it comes to the people you care about. Which is another reason that asking others for advice is very important. When you have others to help debate on which choice is the best for you, it makes the decision way easier for you to make. For instance, after you ask for advice you and the people giving you advice could talk about it, to help you realize the best choice to make.

Lastly, other peoples point of view is very important when it come to confrontation. When you are arguing with someone, you might think you are right in the moment but realize how wrong you were later. When you ask for others advice they might give you the point of view of the person you were arguing with. In a typical case, you tell your friends your side of the story and they help inform you on the other persons point of view to help you understand that not everything that you said or did was not the right thing to do in that situation.

In conclusion, no one knows what to say or do in every situation , and that is why asking for others advice is important. They are not going to all say the same thing but that is the best part about it. With all the different opinions being thrown at you it can help, keep you from making mistakes, make your decision easier, and help you see others point of view.  