People all over the world like to try new things. Everyday we are all faced with new and different challenges. Being in a car that drives itself would be trying something new and extraordinary. Why not drive in a car that drives itself?

Why not? This question is one of the greatest questions you can ask. A car that drives itself what more could you ask for. This would open new doors and ideas. On long car rides you would not have to drive. You could look at the scenery or enjoy your time with your family. A car that drives itself would be the next step into something amazing. Over time the cars will become safer and more reliable. This would mean you could go faster in the car. Your running late for work and it takes fifteen minutes to get there, well not anymore. The car would be like a car in Nascar you could get to your destination in an instant. A car that could drive itself would benefit a lot of people in this world.

In the reading it said that the driveless car would use half the fuel of a taxi car. You would not have to waste your money on gas every week. That would help most people out, even for new drivers that have to pay for gas. This also means that there will be less pollution and it will help people breathe easier. When the automatic cars become more reliable and faster and you are late to pick up your kids the car would get you there fast with no problem. Automatic taxi services will be in great need across the country because now people do not have to buy a car. People will have their own taxi car that will pick them up at their house and take them to work. These taxi cars would never be late since they are smart, so you would never again have to worry about being late. you also would not have to take your own car or wait for someone to come pick you up. People would love the experience of just having their own taxi service that would come to pick them up. They would feel more important and become happier.

How many wrecks happen each year? I was in a wreck this year. Another car hitting you, I thought, would never happen to me. I started driving a couple weeks later. That experience made me a safer driver. Still, there are people that get injured and killed every week because of careless drivers. This automatic car would reduce the amount of fatal accidents. Just thinking that you would be one-hundred percent safe in a car would be a great feeling. If you are an adult you could let your kids go into these car by themselves if you wanted to and you would know that they will be safe and will never be in a wreck.

Cars that drive themselves. This would be a great new experience. In 60 years I could tell my grandchildren that I was in the generation that could finally drive in self-driving cars. These cars would benefit the whole world in a positive way. Together we can make the world better and safer by having smarter cars. It is a new a way of living, a better way of living. Humans, Since ancient times, have always wanted to advance in technology. This new car will take us to places we have never gone before. Let us move on and go into a world of self-driving cars and see where it will take us.