Imagine a world were people had to stop their life just to attend school because they did not have distance learning. Think about quitting a great job just to leave out of the state to attend a school. How will people be able to take care of their family?

How would the family respond to the sudden change. Distance learning, online classes and video conferencing, can help both schools and the students with education or other purposes, for instance, graduation. The opponents wrongly believes students should not have distance learning because they will cheat and will not actually do the work. Although some believes students must not have distance learning, it should be known students must have distance learning.

Students should be allowed to have distance learning because they will be able to have extra time. First and foremost, many high school and collage students have to take care of their family. So they have to attend distance learning or online class to be able to graduate school. However, some students may not be able to afford schooling. Some students may have to care for their family first. Which can cause them to join online classes. For example, Generic_Name, the oldest son, has to join online classes because it is cheaper. Also, he will have the extra time to take care of his very sick parents. Students being able to have online learning can help them learn time management. Students being able to learn time management they can learn how to fit online learning inside of their work schedule. For example, Generic_Name, the collage student, takes two hours a day for her online classes. So now she can spend extra time at work and still get her school work done. Students taking an online or video conferencing class can allow the student to take extra classes. students taking online classes can help them get classes they need to take done and take a extra class that they just want to take with out attending school. For example, Gradpoint, Gradpoint is an online class that high school students can take just when they are missing a class, or when they just want to take a extra class. But do not have the school time to take the extra class.

Having distance learning allow students with health issues be able to attended school with out leaving the house. Students that physically can not move or leave the hospital can still learn throw online and video conferencing. For example, Generic_Name, a high school student, that has two broken legs he is not able to leave the hospital without support or help. He is still able to continue learning throw out high school because of video conferencing. Sudents that have a disease are still able to get the same experiences as kids who are actually in school. Having distance learning can help students that have disease or is badly sick still be able to learn. Students that are sick an have to stay home or at a hospital are still able to access school work online. For example, Generic_Name is home sick with the flu, Generic_Name, is able to access Google classroom an is able to video conference with the class and still get her education. Finally, Not all students learn the same, but by children being able to access other teachers video conferences and online classes can help the child learn something that is going to help them pass or even graduate. Additionally, the child will be able to focus more and can take as much time they need to learn because they are learning from a teacher that can and will move at their speed. For example, Generic_Name has a IEP ,Generic_Name needs extra time and has to be in small groups because of his learning disability. Generic_Name likes going on online classes because Generic_Name can take his time and the teacher likes to help him.

Even though some believes students must not have distance learning, it should be known students must have distance learning. The opponents wrongly believes students should not have distance learning because they will cheat and will not actually do the work. Students should be allowed to have however much time they need on online classes. Also, online classes can help children that constantly miss school because of medical problems; learning in online classes will not put the child far behind. School should offer distance learning to everyone because they will never know if they might need it or if there children will need it in the future. Distance learning can help people get the job they want or need to make sure them and their family will be straight. Also everyone should have the right to access distance learning if they choose to, but not just for jobs, just so they can experience it. Distance learning is the key to having the success everyone wants in life.