Limiting car usage has many advantages, from saving money, from helping save the planet. We spend tons and tons of dollars on a simple fossil fuel just so we can get around. Although, having a car may be nice, but also you may need to think about the long term consequences that are yet to come. For example, driving around while fun, is dangerous, you are facing the threats of drunk drivers, people not paying attention or something in general going wonky with your car, or how incredibly expensive cars are, you must buy the gas fill it up almost every two days, you will have to pay for any damages and also for the tune ups. Cars arent just expensive but they also do loads of damage to the environment. Cars, create fumes that are let out into the atmosphere that contributes to global warming. Sure, it may be nice to fdrive a big bubba truck with huge tires, some smoke stacks and to be able to "roll coal" but also think about what that does to the earth, it helps melt glaciers causing polar bears to be hot and hungry.

Driving a car may be convenient, but when something is convenient something else has to suffer. This something else would be the environent, there is less and less clean air for us to breathe, everything is getting hotter and everyone is suffering. Smog is one of the most relavent and visible issues, especially in bigger cities. Smog is a mixture of smoke, and fog, this smoke coming from vehicles and mostly factories. Going into a major city like New York City may be fun but while your there look around and notice the thick layer of smog. You are breathing all of that through out your body. While New York City may not be the smoggiest city around such as Beijing (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog, Line 14) but it is still an on going issue everywhere.

All in all, leaving your car at home and taking a bike to work instead can have many health benefits but also many environmental benifits, so next time you think about bringing your car to work, think of the polar bears and the future of the environment.            