The world is advancing, technologies are being built, and the enviroment is changing. Imagine living in an area where there's a limited car usage. It might sound horrible but life goes on without cars. As to limiting your car usage it also has it's advantages. The advantages goes towards the people and the enviroment.

To start, everyone would know that the main reason is because of the state of our enviroment. There's a lot of pollution going out there in the world and it's not safe or natural. To give an example, according to the article, written by Elisabth Rosenthal, "In german Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", passenger cars are responsible 12 percent of greenhouse gas and fifty percent in car-intensive areas in the United States. To exemplify, greenhouse gases is one of the causes for the changes around the environment. They're not the good changes either. To support this, the article "Paris bans driving due to smog", written by Robert Duffer, shows an example of Paris and China banning car usages due to their high pollution and smogs. Robert Duffer states, "Congestion was down sixty perent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." In other words, polllution can hold a great affect of people trying to go to work, have fun, or even visit someone. Not only is change in the enviroment is bad but some people can just live without the use of transportation.

The continue to the advantages, the people get to spend their time with others more and even be happy just walking around. Going back to the article "In German Suburb, life Goes On Without Cars" written by Elisabeth Rosenthal, a mother of two and media trainer,  Heidrun Walter states, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." To extend this, having a car would cause some people to be tense and stressed. Without the ability to do anything about it but just sit there or walk, it is much better to walk around with the people who's close. Another example would from the article "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" by Andrew Selksy, another commentary made from a businessman, Carlos Arturo Plaza agrees with it. Carlos Arturo Plaza states "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." In other words, not only is the car-free day works for helping improve the enviroment, it's good for releasing stress for few people.

To conclude, letting go of driving around may sound like a disadvantage but it's actually an advantage to those around us. It's an advantage for both the enviroment and us. Who wouldn't want a stress-free enviroment?            