Principle ________,

I would have to agree with you that a B average is necessary to maintain a place on the schools sports teams and clubs. It is not only important that we show our rival schools how we excel at sports but academics as well. Although many of the "star" athletes may have poor grades it is important that they know it is a privilege to be on the team. A privilege that they must work for and honor. Clubs and groups are a privilege as well we should not allow them to join a club unless that club is study group.

While some people may find it hard to get a maintain a C average everyone is more than capable of excelling beyond that. I believe it is important that we focus on the intelligence of our students before we try to enhance them athletically Clubs such as photo, art, and drama are for fun and I guarantee their teachers are not having fun grading their papers. If they do not study for tests, ask the teachers for help when necessary, and get their work done I have no reason to believe that they should have the opportunity to represent our school at a sporting event or in a club.

On the other hand there are peers of mine in the school who are academically challenged while doing all of the techniques I listed above. With this exception I believe they should take two days a week from the practice schedule or club to be further assisted with this problem.

However, this is the only exception I would recommend. School comes first and students should learn this now rather than later down the road.

I would really appreciate you taking this letter into consideration. I not only demonstrated my opinion on this topic but a technique and exception as well. I am very happy to know that you agree and take these poor grades as seriously as I do. Your clear devotion to the students by making them work for such an honor. Who knows maybe this extra academic push will help them learn knew strategies for the game as well as making them value their spot on the team or club.

Sincerely,

Your student