"I asked my neighbor for advice on how to keep track of my homework but her advice didnt really help me" said Generic_Name. "You should try asking more than one person for advice that will help you get better advice and more information" said Generic_Name's best friend Generic_Name. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because, they will receive info from people with different points of view, people with different experiences, and they will get more advice from asking multiple people.

First off people will receive info from people with different points of view. This will help them because one person could have a different point of view than someone else. For example one person could have found that writing in your agenda was the best way to keep organized in high school whereas someone else might have found that keeping an online calender was the best way to keep organized. Also when asking people with different points of view you will get better information because if two people give you different information than you will have more than just one piece of advice to work with. For instance my cousin Generic_Name was having trouble deciding what advanced classes to take in high school so he decided to ask some seniors that he knows for advice. When he asked only one person he didnt get enough information so he had to ask more people for advice. He ended up getting different opinions and useful information.

Secondly people with different experiences will have different info or advice. When asking people with different experiences you will get better information because those people will tell you different info. For example if you are trying to get advice on what brand of car to buy and you ask people with different points of view you will get lots of advice. When you ask people with different points of view and they all give you the same advice then you will know the advice is reliable or true. For instance if every body you asked said that you should get a Honda as your first car than you will know that Honda is a reliable brand or one to consider.

Lastly when asking more than one person for advice you will get more advice than just asking one person. If you ask more than one person for advice than you will likely get more advice than when you just ask one. Because the people you ask will likely give you different advice. So instead of getting one piece of advice you will get two or three. For example say you were getting advice on how to remember to do all of there homework and projects in high school. When asking only one person you could only get some advice like putting reminders on your phone whereas if you asked two people you could get two pieces of advice, so instead of just putting reminders on your phone you would also keep a checklist of all the things you have to do for the week or day.

:"I am so glad I asked for more advice, it really helped me decide what clubs I should join," said Generic_Name. "It helped me too when I was wondering what laptop I should buy" said Generic_Name. That is why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. They will receive info from people with different points of view, people with different experiences, and they will get more advice from asking multiple people. Overall I think getting multiple opinions from different people will help people make a better choice,