Students attending school have different opinions on how they want to live their life as they balance school and their social life. Some students prioritize their grades as the most important thing in their life. On the other hand, many students chose to participate in a extracurricular activity. I completely agree with the idea that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity, because your future could be benefited by having a certain skill under your belt, the activity gives you something to do outside of school, and it can make a student feel accomplished.

To start off, you should be aware that your future is based on what you did in the past. If you made all of the right decisions, you should be off to a good start. To be a bit more specific, it is quite difficult to walk in on your first day of the job, and not have any clue on how to do that job. Having a talent or skill developed at an earlier age is a great head start for what you want to be or what you want to do for the world. Even though your goals may change over the course of a few years, it is always a safer choice to have certain skills prior to having that certain job if all else fails. Furthermore, colleges love to see when students are able do accomplish multiple things in life, other than doing well in school. Colleges want to bring in students that would make their school better. This could be done by being an extra addition to their sports team, or being in the student council, resulting in the opportunity for you to bring in new ideas for the school to become a better place.

Secondly, being in an extracurricular activity gives the students something to do in their free time. After working generously hard in school for five days out of the seven, people who dont participate in any activities think of those two days off as resting days. When leaving out religious beliefs, students enrolled in school can still be doing what they love along with being productive. As a student myself, I've always found myself being bored because there was absolutely nothing to do. I believed that there was nothing in the world to entertain me. Thankfully, I began to think about joining an activity. Since then, I have been able to balance my school work with my social life and I have never felt any better.

Lastly, there is always more to life than what you are forced to do for twelve years. When students bring home a good grade, they feel accomplished. Unfortunately, most will be congratulated and are going to be told to keep doing what they are doing. When spending a small portion of your life to participate in things other than school, there could be so much more change. For an example, activities like the student council have a good say in what the school does, and the students working in the student council are given the chance to change the entire school for the better. Big changes for a school affects more than one person as opposed to just yourself. Other activities like sports are great ways to feel accomplished. This is almost a no-brainer when it comes to bringing home a win or setting a new record for your team. Young students would greatly enjoy accomplishing goals that they have worked very hard for, other than bringing home just another lousy good grade.

To wrap everything up, I would like to restate that I believe that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I believe this because the student's future could be benefited, It gives students something to do, and it could make students feel more accomplished. In my book, productivity always wins over doing what you already have to do. There is so much more to life, and there is nothing wrong with changing your life for the better. Even if it means blood, sweat, and tears play in for you while your in the making of a great life for yourself.