How do you feel about driverless cars? Sergey Brin, Google cofounder, is working on a profect called "The Google Car Project". I personally think that with google cars a lot can go wrong. I believe that becuase it is easier to have car accidents, easy for the equipment to malfunction, and who would you sue if you were wrecked by a Google Car?

First, with Google Cars people aren't controlling what is happening. Although there usually is a person in the car of a smart driving car, a lot of the time that driver is probably not paying attention to the road. Most smart driving cars have built in techneques that make it so that the person in the car has to at least have their hands on the wheel. For example, "In 2013, BMW announced the development of "Traffic Jam Assistant." The car can handle driving functions at speeds of up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel."

Second, with Google Cars it would be easier for a wreck if the car malfuntioned. It would be easier for the car to malfuntion becuase, for example, say you were in a Google Car and you got a warning that your break fluid was low, you wouldn't know becuase you weren't paying attention to your car. Also, they have made a sensor that goes on the roof of your car so that the car can see all around your car. If that sensor malfuntions, the car wouldn't be able to see where it was going and you could wreck. For example, "The most important bit of technolofy in this system is the spinning sensor on the roof. Dubbed LIDAR, it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings."

Lastly, who would you sue if you were in a wreck and you or the car that hit you was a smart car? Would you sue the person driving, or the car manufacturer? Or say you were driving a smart car and you broke the law, drivers fault or manufacturer? These are very important questions. For example, "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?

How do you feel about driverless cars? Sergey Brin, Google cofounder, is workng on a project called "The Google Car Project". I personally think that with Google Cars a lot can go wrong. I believe that because it's easier to have car accidents, easy for the equipment to malfuntion, and who would you sue if you were wrecked by a Google Car?