It's no secret that school can be boring or confusing or just plain out hard. For years and years kids have been confused, bored, or just plain upset with a lesson or class. Recently a new technology has been found that enables a computer to identify emotions in humans. It is called the Facial Action Coding System, the latest innovation from Professor Thomas Haung. Imagine how significant this would be in use in classrooms all over the world. It could decrease confusion and boredem, encourage students to learn and help teachers see signs of stress or depression.

The Facial Action Coding System (FACS) could really come of use to teachers attempting to get students to learn effectively. In paragraph 6 Dr. Huang says, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". This new technology could show teachers how effective their lesson was. It there are students who are bored, he/she could research or come up with new ways to get the kids engaged in lessons. FACS would also reveal confusion in students. Students sometimes get freaked about asking for further explainations because of how they might get judged. With FACS, teachers would already be able to see student that may be confused and be able to help them.

Teachers adjusting their teaching practices also may assist students in learning more. Not all students learn the same way. If a teacher teaches one way, and one fourth of the class looks confused, she may be able to adjust her teachings and teach another way to help those kids who did not understand.

Being in school isn't always the easiest thing in the world. Everybody goes through things. Having FACS may help out kids who need it. If a student is constantly coming into class and the computer reads that, it is a sign to the teacher that that child may need help and too scared to ask for it. In paragragh 7 of the article is says, "They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one." This device will help teachers see the warning signs and help prevent students from doing something they later regret. It will allow students to get the help they need when they are too afraid of asking.

Professor Thomas Huang's latest innovation is a computer software that allows computers to indentify human emotions. It is called Facial Action Coding System. This program would be incredibly efficient in schools all over the world. It would allow teachers to see boredem and confusion, help students engage more in their learning, and help teachers notice the warning signs if a student may be stressed or upset.