Students tend to forget the curricular over the long period of not being at school. I would understand because my middle school required everyone to be assign on either projects/assignments over summer, to assure our learning. Having the teacher design the summer project is better then having students design them for many reasons. Teachers know what to put into the summer project and know that the students would use their knowledge to complete the assignment.

Teachers have the ability to acquire the knowledge that they teach to their students and assign the projects to the students' understanding. I have done a summer project in middle school just so I would not forget my studies. Plus, to maintain their knowledge it would have been school related, in order to continue their learning process. It would make the student feel at ease when coming back to school.

Students would have forgotten the subjects over the summer break by the time they start school again. Knowing that they would, requiring them to complete a summer project is appropriate. From my experience, I know that in math they start to review a little of the course that I took last year to prepare me for the math that I would take this year. To be ready for the next curricular, students need to review themselves over break to know the basic understanding of what the other subject is going to build off on. Which is the reason on having the teachers to create the project base on the subjects that they learned throughout the course.

Although having to work on a project over summer can be a positive outcome, there are negative outcome with it. The project that the teachers would make, can be boring and students do not want to have a summer project to ruin their summer break. I would have given up and procrastinate whenever there is a project assign to me over break. If the student design the project it would not very educational, they would not know what to do on the project. Having a teacher-designed project is important to their education and to the school. Their lack of understanding of creating a summer project that has to be important to their electives and their learning.

In conclusion, having the teacher to design a summer project is purely out of knowledge within the curricular that they teach to the students themselves. Keeping up with the students' education is important to boast their confidence to the next subject. The students would understand the requirement of their project if the teacher created the project instead of the students. Acquiring the course throughout the summer break would help with their next subject and obtaining a recall on the course.        