Dear Senator,

I believe that the Electoral College should not be changed becuase it brings to does not bring many problems to the government and that affects our states way of working. It changes the way we choose how the elections work. Even though it avoids certain things and helps others it should not be changed.

The Electoral College makes the people basically choose one thing and then have the slate electors choose the president for them and that does not seem fair. In the source titled "The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong", it said " Under the electoral college system,  voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." It seems unfair to have people waste their time voting for this and then to have something else make the decision. In lines 17 of the same source it states," Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes sometimes the presidental candidates themselves."There is no freedom of speech when it comes to this.

Some people argue that the electoral college is a good thing to have. There is no favoritism or run-off elections. In the source titled,"  In defense of the Electoral college:Five reasons to keep our despied method of choosing the President," it states,"No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president. So a solid regional favorite, such as Romney was in the South, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his pulrality in states that he knows he will win." This is so that there is no winning just because of one place. Also in that same souerce in line 26 it states that," There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidental election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner.... It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state-Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California." The Electoral college is a way to keep things fair.

These are the reasons why the Electoral College should be be kept. It helps the elections be better and not so biased. I hope you review these reaons.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME            