Dear Principle,

I am against the new policy that you have to have a B average in order to play any sports. I think that you should be able to at least have a C average not just have a B average, Because just having A' s and B' s is not exactly that easy for all students. Some students have trouble to having a C average. If students weren't able to play in sports they would not be able to communicate with other students. Probably not get along with other students as much they need to learn how to work together on something and sports is the way to do that, because in sports you work together on something and that's the way to learn to work as a team. That's how you get along in life some times, you have to work as a team. Also to some students they just love to play sports and have fun. A student may want to be in the NFL, so if there in jr.... high and the can't play football how are they going to get any better to play NFL, just because they couldn't get a B average. Some students could get scholarships by playing sports, and scholarships are very important to some students. Some students may want to get into a very good college, but they don't have very much money so that will help them very well. Or there not very smart and they want to still be in a good college so they could play for a team there at that college. Also if most of the students have C' s and they need a B average how are you going to have a team, because if you are playing baseball and you only have maybe five players that have a B average how is that going to work to have a whole team, not very well. Also students play sports to stay in shape, because more and more kids are starting to be over weight. I get that it is very important to have good grades especially when your in high school, so that could help you get into college. If it helps for students improve on there grades then i would agree with the B average idea. If I had to have my grades at a B average I would also have troubles keeping it like that, and I would be very upset if i couldn't play sports, cause sports sometimes feel like there part of my life style. If sports weren't in my life then part of my life would be missing.

sincerely,