A friend once said to me that summer is a giant break for us students to relax and recover from the stress of school. Some schools do require summer based projects during the break to keep us learning though. Sometimes these projects are teacher based or even student based. Teachers however, should not be designing summer based projects. Summer based projects should be student designed because students are more likely to enjoy them, it gives the students a chance to take action, and it helps give teachers insight on what they could do better.

If students design the summer projects, they are more likely to enjoy and be more invested in them. One time in summer school, I was in a class where we were solving a mystery. The mystery however, was left open ended and did not really have an ending. I remember all my classmates being really upset. If students were involved in the creation of this activity, they could have made it have a more meaningful ending as to what students might have wanted.

Next, Summer based projects should be fun for the students. They should be able to enjoy them without having to stress too much over them. Students are going to likely be more interested in the project if they create it themselves. Students might feel limited otherwise as to what they can do if it were a PowerPoint for example. There was a time where I wanted to do a drawing for a summer project, but my idea was rejected. I did not have as much fun with my project than I would have with my drawing.

Last but not least, teachers could benefit and learn how to improve summer projects. Teachers often design he majority of what we do whether it be lessons, notes or even projects. Teachers could learn and observe how we may want to do the projects. My mom is a high school teacher and she often asks me for advice as to what might help students not just learn, but also have fun or not hate school even. Teachers could give out monthly surveys as a way to help them gain feedback. Summer projects could work in a similar fashion. Teachers should also give students more independence and time to work on large projects.

Maybe some students in the past could have enjoyed school or summer projects more if they were student based. In the future, students should take the initiative and design more summer projects. Students should do this so they can get the most out of their learning. There might be some adults who say that students are just going to take advantage of them designing the projects and be lazy with it. However, students should learn how to do this kind of project based planning. It will help them be more independent and creative. Students should design summer projects so they can more likely enjoy them, help give teachers advice as to what they could improve, and it can help students mature.