You have a math homework assignment that you don't know how to do, or you need advice in a relationship, or you need feedback on how to get better at a sport. You want to improve in something or solve a problem but you just don't know how to execute this issue. In that case you might ask for someone's help on how to do things. But be careful who you ask. If you ask the wrong person, then they can give you the wrong answer and then give you the outcome that you don't want. That's why it is important to ask multiple people if you want to get advice and have a great outcome of what you do.

Just because they are your friend does not mean they are the right person to ask. Asking the wrong person can increase the probability of you making the wrong choice. Bad people don't really see other people's view of life or what other people think because they only care about themselves. Getting advice from those type of people is not good because if you continue to get advice from these type of people then you end up being a bad person yourself because you get into a habit of doing the same acts that those bad people do. The wrong person to ask however is not always a bad person.

Asking the right person however, will help you get a better outcome. A person who can see the bigger picture or someone who is very well experienced is a great person to ask. What I mean by someone who is well experienced is for example, let's say your a swimmer. Your a very good swimmer but you want to improve and get faster. would you rather get advice from someone who doesn't know how to swim or would you get advice from Michael Phelps, an Olympic swimmer legend.

The reason why you should get multiple people's advice and opinion's is so that you all the possible ways you execute something. For example you get advice on how to swim butterfly from Michael Phelps and Caleb Dressel, another great swimmer who actually recently broke Michael Phelps's world record. Everyone has there own little trick or way they swim, Michael and Caleb did not learn the same way as each other. If you get the advice of both of them on how to swim butterfly you could the pros and cons on there different ways of swimming and make a hybrid on how to swim butterfly faster. Living with just one person's opinion is never good.

And this idea started hundreds of years ago. That's why we have the Constitution and a democracy, so everyone has a say in America and there opinion is always valid. Asking multiple people for advice is great because you can get the best of all of them and then use them to make a better choice.    