The author presents both positive and negative aspect of driverless cars. Based on this, my conlusion is that the develpment of these cars should not be continued. It is a dream that should be kept a dream. The cost to complete this is way too expensive. Also, they have not gotten to the point of completly driverless cars, Last, in the end there will be more problems than benefits.

To begin with, like I noted earlier; the cost for these ¨driverless¨ cars is too expensive and costs too much money. Even the alternative of smart-road systems costs is simply too expensive. In the article, paragraph 4: it talks about how in order to get even smarter cars, they required a whole lot of sensors. These cars would be made of expensive operating tools, such as: a GPS reciver, inertial motion sensor, spinning sensor on the roof, dubber LIDAR, and many more. Why waste more money on these cars that ultimalty will be a bad thing for society; when we can invest in the cars we have today enstead.

Many people also do not know that they wouldn't be dealing with a completly driverless car,no. The furthest car companies such as BMW and GM have gotten to complete driverless cars is still very extensive. I wouldn't call these driverless cars, but assisting cars. In the passage, paragraph 7 explains how these cars still very much need humans to control them. ¨None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer accelerate, and brake but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills.¨ With that being said, the drivers must be altert at all times and be on edge to take over the wheel. No one wants to take turns in driving, now do they.

People also need to consider that there will be more negitve outcomes than good with these cars. Saftey first of all is key, and with these cars that can't be assured. For one, drivers or ¨assistant drivers¨ will still be more distracted than in a normal car. You will be able to a lot more now that you aren't responsible to drive 75% of the time. The things that the goverment and society has been pushing for decades will be turned around in less then no time. Going through the struggle of teaching teens and adults not to text and drive, or be distracted at the wheel will all be thrown in the trash fot an ¨innovation¨ that is not worth anything. Also, the law will have to be modified for these cars. There will be rallies and petetions to get the law to let these phony cars drive in out steets. Accidents are inevitable, and now the goverment will have trouble on finding who to blame. These ¨driverless¨ cars will cause the controversial argument of who is the one to blame; the driver, ¨assistant driver¨ or the manufacture.

In conclusion, the development of these cars shouldn't be contintued. First, the cost of them are ridiculous when the money could be used to actully hellp the community. Second, these cars will never actully get to the point to be ¨driverless¨ cars; only to assisting cars. Last, in the end if these do pass, they will only cause more problems than help. So lets just let this dream be continued as a dream; and not let it become a nightmare.          