Dear Principal,

Students should not be allowed to have their phones out at school at all. Phones are a distraction that can easily be abused on school grounds. For a the sake of everyone, they should be left at home.

The number one reason not to have phones at school, or even have them for free time, is the fact that they will be abused. Once you tell them that they can have their phones for free time, they will do that, plus they will also have them out during the non permitted times. Students will have them out in class texting their friends just because they all have their phones at school.

Also think about the fact that some student might slip an inappropriate text about someone in. That student will get in trouble because they did it on school grounds.

If all of the cell phones were at home, the students wouldn't have a phone to text with.

Another reason is the unsocial aspect of a phone. If the students have already been granted with free time, why do they need the phones. They can just as easily talk to their friends during free time as they can text them. In this modern world kids are already unsocial enough, so don't encourage texting by letting them bring their phones to school. You might have heard of or even seen the classic teenager at dinner with their family texting. They are being antisocial and not talking to their family. Do you really want that at school?

Also, think about the school. If a student looses their phone, or someone steals it, he/she will be upset and blame the school. Well it isn't really the school's fault, or is it. The school allowed the students to bring them to school, so why shouldn't it be blamed for the financial loss.

Everyone knows phones are distractions. If a kid goes to class with a certain text that so and so said in their mind still, they won't be able to concentrate. If the student maybe even brought their phone to class because he/she didn't finish their conversation, they surely won't being paying attention to the teacher. The students are at school to learn, not to have social time. They already have enough time after school.

I know the school faculty might say that they can enforce the rules, and even the student's might say they will behave with their phones, but I know teenagers always find ways around rules and abuse them. I know the faculty doesn't want to waste their time cleaning up the mess that phones would leave.

In summary, phones are an unneeded distraction for teenage students in the classroom and at school. If allowed at school they would surely cause more harm than good. To keep it simple on everyone they should be left at home.

STUDENT_NAME