After School Activities

Afterschool activities are very fun and exciting to do, there are many fun after school activities you could do. Some after school activities you could do are Drama Club, Cheer, Baseball, Softball, Basketball, Football, and Track. I agree with the principal giving students after school activities to do, because some of us when we get home from school we wouldn't have anything to do except for sitting in the house. It would be a great opportunity letting students try out something new that they have never did before.

I would love to do activities after school, I already do an activity after school and that is cheer but I would like to participate in more activities. I say after school activities are fun because you get to meet new people and become friends with them. I don't think every single student in the school should stay after school for the activities but I think different students should stay after on different days not just everyone on one day.

Some schools don't usually have this type of idea but I think it would be great because we would be one of the first schools to do this. Other schools would love to do this because I think it's a great idea and students could learn more from these clubs and activities. If I was the principal I would enjoy doing this idea for the students.

Students will also love this idea because it is a great decision and they will learn new things in the club like stuff they don't already know. Activities are very fun to do because you can teach people that doesn't know how to do something and that is a great thing. I think students will love it once they get the hang of it and then once they have it they could teach other students.

Final, I agree with this is because they gte more school time instead of going home and doing nothing because it's better getting more school time than going home and going in your bed. Anothe reason is because once they do clubs they will have much better respect like if they do drama club they could talk about their situations amd help the students through their problems who need help and all the drama would be gone.                