Since the 1950's everyone's dream was to have a nice car but it is coming to a point in time where the car culture is coming to an end. You might be thinking that this is horrible and how will i get places without a car. No, it's not horrible at all, it's actually very beneficial in other ways. It can help people become free, less dependent, and it reduces the amount of greenhouse gases tremendously.

The first reason that limiting car use is a good thing is because it can help people become free and less dependent. It has caused people to not always be in a hurry and made them less stressed. In Bogota, Colombia they had a car-free day where people hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to work. People felt so free and they felt they were doing a good deed so some got rid of their cars for good. Cars are becoming less popular in the world as we speak. For example from 2005 to 2013 the number of miles driven in the U.S. has reduced by 9%, which is equal to where the country was in 1995. Another example is that a study last year found that driving by young people decreased by 23% between 2001 and 2009. Also shopping centers are moving to places where they can be walked to rather than on a way off highway somewhere. "What intrigues me is that rates of car ownership per household and per person has started to come down two to three years before the downturn," says Micheal Sivak who studies this trend at the University of Michigan.

The next reason is that increasing the use of cars will help the environment greatly. Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gases in Europe and 50% in the U.S. All of our development since World War 2 has been centered around cars and it hasn't helped the environment any. For example, in Paris they were going to have two no car days to reduce the smog. The first day they said that no one with and even numbered license plate were allowed to drive and odd would be the next. After the first day was over the smog was reduced by so much that they didnt't even have to use the next day. This is just a small number of people. Imagine if everyone would participate even just for small periods of time.

In conclusion, now that you have learned that life without out cars can make you feel free, less dependent, and have the environment. Have you changed your opinion?  "giving up cars is a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-sear bicycle with his wife.             