when people ask for adivce they usaully ask more than one person. it can help you and make sure that you feel positive and happy about your idea asking other people what they think about your idea. Is really good it makes you feek better about youself and it makes you want to ask other people about your idea if they agree it with you. Asking for advice is like coming up with your own ideas but asking other people about your idea and how should day do it or tell you. for example if you want to know good advice you should ask ther people becuase yiu dont want to go back and anser it youself evey single time you want other people addivce to make it better and what you should do. what i think you shoukd do is ask people for adivce or ask them what you should do and what they reconmend for you to do.

If i asked someone tips and ask for adivce to go to europe and which country you shoukd go to like for example italy everyone wants to go there. they want to try the pasta or pizza there and wanting to go see the efeil tower becuase when they ask for your adivice for euorpe they tell you all these things you though to do there and now they want to try it about everyone in the world have asked advice and ask other people what they should do. Assking for advice is like asking people opinoins and what they think about you and differnt stuff you ask for aall sort of stuff but it has ti be reasonable and clear dont make up stuff and ask for it it dosent work that way.

when i ask for advice itn usaully is how to pass my classes or what should i do for sports i just ask other people and say what should i do to improve in the end they really give me good adivice an it works to somtimes. its not really bad to ask other people for adivice because it helps you out and gives you a better chance of suceeding in life. if you ever need help just ask people because you can never figfure things out your self or go on with yourself and ask for an advice from somone. i thik that if you ask somone iot better for you than sturggling and tring to figure it out.

i think i answred eveyrthing here advice is a really good thing if youyr not sure about hat your doing just ask people for what they think and you can feel better and do it more And dont have to worry about it. many advice can help make somone feel better about themself and have better choices in life so that they can always count on things and remember. other people might have differnt opions so alot of advice you ask might be differnt so dont expect to get the same thing from other people when you ask thank you for reading this.