Yes, the driverless car has its ups and downs but in whole I truley belive this car is wonderful. I think it is a great oppertunity for people who don't always like driving, I can say for my self I don't always injoy driving because sometimes it gets confussing or makes me frustrated.

I think that having a driverless car will show weather people are responsible enogh for stuff like this. Obviously if a driver buys this car just so they don't have to worry about driving, or so they can text and drive, you can tell that they aren't responsible. But there are some people that acually care about rode safty and would treat this car with the same responsiblity as the other car.

There are a lot of ways that we can make sure people are paying attention, I really like the idea of how we can put cameras up to make sure the driver of the car is staying alert and paying attention to the road. Like the artical said, "While the driver watches to road, the car watches the driver."

With the cameras we can catch people wh do the wrong thing even if they don't have a driverless car! The cameras will be able to see people who look like they are speeding, they can see people that text and drive, they will also be able to catch the people that are under the influence of drugs and alchol. So there are postivies to the driverless car and making more driver safty to the other cars.

Like i said the driver still has to stay alert to the road, and one thing that will help that is how the seat vibrates when the car is in danger of backing into something. This will help if a person if having trouble see behind the car if they feel a vibration they know to take charge of the car. The artical asked, "What if the driver wants to drive the car and take charge?" I think with the vibrateing seats this will helps the driver to take charge.

And what I think is most imporant is, "Who is held responsible if there is a car accident and someone gets injured? The driver or the manufacturers?" I do know that car accidents are going to happen, weather you mean it or you don't. Even if you are driving a car that isn't driverless you can get in an accident, because there is awlays going to be that one person that drinks and drives or is texting someone, so accidents happen. On this question, I think it would be both the manufacturers and the drivers fault. I think this because, yeas the drivers should be alert to everything that is going on, on the road, even if they aren't driving. And it is part the manufactureres fault because they are the ones that trust us with this type of car, know that there are people out in the would that will take it for advantage.

At first when I read the title I thaught, " A driverless car? No Way! I would never buy one of those." But now that I read this I can say, that a driverless car would be great to have. So why don't we make it happen, because I know one day i would deffinatly buy one. And I will be one of the people that pay attention to thr road, and have ddirver safty.  