Students should be more in control of what they need to do in order to make sure they maintain the lessons they learned in school. Not all schools require summer projects, but for the ones that do students want to have more control. Students feel it should be their choice on how they will continue to keep there minds fresh over the summer. They want to be able to control their learning to make sure they understand what they need for the next year. Summer projects should be student-designed because it will give them more freedom, will let them do what they need, and will give them more responsibility.

Students will have more freedom when doing their summer project. Students do not like doing work over the summer and feel it is a waste of time after a long year. If you give students the freedom of what they will learn it lets them feel more in control of what they need to do so that they come prepared for the next year. Freedom to choose will also make it feel less like a task and more like their own choice. Students want more control with how their time is spent. By letting students have more control on how they go about their time completing the project over the summer they will feel less stressed. They will be able to complete the task whenever is best for them and know how to apply there last years learning to it.

Students will do what they need to learn. The last thing a student wants is to fill their mind with stuff that wont help them next year. By being able to choose, students know exactly what they need in order to make sure they come to school refreshed. Teachers, while knowing what can be good for a student, dont always know exactly what the student needs to learn and what they already know or wont need next year. Students dont want to be assigned stuff that will make the project more like a chore and less like a way to stay on top of their learning. Students learn a lot in a year and having to do geometry when they will be taking algebra next year isnt going to make the transition easy. If they can choose how to learn they can exactly pick what will help them next year, without having to fill there head with stuff that wont help them.

Students will get a better sense of being responsible. No one likes being constantly controlled on what they need to do. Giving students the responsibility of choosing what they need to do to learn will make them feel more in control of both there summer and next school year. They will have a more important role in how they can conduct their learning. Students want to be more responsible in how they learn. Students do not always want to be told what they do and do not have to do especially while on their summer break. Letting students be more responsible lets them feel more in tune with how they will continue to learn with what they have already learned.

Students can be more involved in how they continue to learn with student-designed summer projects. Letting the students choose will better their sense of responsibility. They can choose exactly what they need for next year without having to do all the stuff that will only make them forget. Students having more freedom lets them feel like the summer project is there choice to stay fresh and not a extra long over the summer homework assignment. Students just want to be able to control their learning and how they spend their own time, not having someone else control how they can better their own learning.