¨Wow look at that car it´s the kind of car that it can drive its self.¨ These are the words you may be hearing in the furture because people are starting to create cars that can drive themselfs. What do you think about this? Do you think that its a good thing that people are making it or a bad thing? If I had to chose I believe driverless cars are bad because they might cause an accident, something could go wrong when you are using it, and maybe they could stop working out of nowhere.

Think about this if the car would cause an accident who will they blame it on the car or the person that was in it? Some may never know but what if the driverless car cause an accident how would people react to it. It´s bad because then people would have to come up with a new law probably saying who would get the punishment if a accident would happen with the driverless car. In the text it says, ¨ New laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident.¨ Therefore I believe that the driverless car is bad and could prevent accidents while driving.

If the driverless car would be made and people would get them something could go wrong at anytime without them noticing. Driving the car would be putting the people at risk that are using it because something could go wrong with the car and could cause an accident that would put other people in danger. What if the technology in the car would fail at anytime it would put at risk for the person in the car and that won´t be good. Therefore I believe that the driverless car could stop working while using it an it could put people in danger.

In the text it says, ¨Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved.¨ Even it says that in the text what if people would buy the driverless car and then it would stop working out of nowhere. If that would happen many people will see that it could stop working out of nowhere and it could put them in danger were their lives are at risk. If the driverless car would stop working out of nowhere would people get their money back, or would they get a new one, or would the company that sold them the car would just not give them nothing back? This is why I believe that the driverless car is not good because it could just stop working out of nowhere and then what would you do after that.

In conclusion people should think about weither or not to get the driverless car because some stuff could happen to it. People should think about if getting the driverless car is really worth it getting because you never know it could just be a waste of money. I believe people should just drive themself to places so they could see the places around them and if possible go as fast as they want to go. Therefore I believe that the driverless car could cause accidents, could fail of technology, and just stop working at anytime.