All we talk about is being able to be our own person and to be able to do things on our own but having electoral college isn't gonna help with that. Electoral college is when you select a group of electors to chose who they want to be president and you choose the group of electors which you want. Every group of electors will have their own opinion on who they want to be president so you have to be very cautious on who you pick. Popular vote is a more independent way of letting us citizens know that we can be able to vote without the help of our electors. Senator, it would be outrageous for us to be so dependent on the electors when its unnecessary and we can vote on our own.

There have been times when people choose the wrong electors and they can't go back to change it, so why not just vote on your own and have the ability for clarrification and honesty on who I vote for. I feel like having an electoral college is a waste of time and it's only making things more complicated. If you should have a system it should be one that makes peoples lives easier not even more stessful. Also the voters can't control who the electors vote for so you make be telling the electors one thing but they will be doing another. These are the things that us citizens need to thing about. Should we have to doubt our electors? no, we should trust that they will vote for the president that we asked them too.

Voting for president is very serious because, that president will be representing where we live and what we stand for so it can't be something that we slack off on, it needs to be something that we are proud of and the only way thats going to happen is if we choose our own president without our electors to do that for us. Us citizens should be proud and honored that we have the opportunity to choose our president because not most people have that chance and electoral college will be taking that for granted. Popular vote assures that our vote counts and it gives us the independent character that we need to be strong.

Senator, I think that if you want everyone to fell secure and trusted then you should keep using popular vote.    