Do I think schools should offer at home learning? Yes, this gives students the chance to work in a comfortable, familiar and self paced work environment. Students would be able to prove themselves capable of managing time on their own. With this,comes a conflict in the social aspect of learning but also grants those who may be subject to bullying a safe space to learn.

With great power comes great responsibility, in my opinion students should be given the option to take select classes online, but said students would need to prove that they have the level of maturity and responsibility to take their classes online. Students would have to show the teachers that they can get their work done, correctly and on time, if the student fails to do so I believe that there should be a certain number of warnings and then consequences will be brought.

Students working at home would allow them a comfortable space to work, I know I would rather do my history two homework at my desk in my room rather than in a cold classroom. Being familiar with the space you are working in will help students get their work done more efficiently. Although working from home may inject some distraction into the work period, I believe students will get the right balance of work and relaxation.

Bullying is nothing new, from the vibrant sands of the West coast to the to the rainy nights of the East, people get bullied. I wouldn"t call it a direct solution to end a world wide epidemic, but its a start. Students that get picked on at school l would be able to be in a n unjudgemental work place without the fear of harassment. People should not have to go to school and wonder if they are gonna get beat up, school is meant to be a safe place and what place is safer than your own home.

In conclusion, online school is a brilliant idea,schools all across America should adopt this form of learning, parents would be ultimately responsible for disciplinary action regarding to their childs school work, and I can accept that, my mother wants whats best for me just like the teachers do.