Finding a wise person for advice can be challenging, everyone needs advice sometimes, but taking it from the wrong people can be punishing. Many people can share their experiences with you, along with offering a good path to follow. Listening to a person's advice is helpful, however, you should try and formulate different opinions to make a custom one. Hearing similar situations leads to many rewarding outcomes: practice for the future, formulating your own opinion, and learning experiences.

Once you have found the best way to help your situation, you can apply this to future problems. Being able to fix current issues with past solutions makes you trust yourself more. Having more of this practice and different outcomes will make things easier each day. For example, you left your homework on the table and now you can't turn it in. Your mother and friend provide you with advice; your mother suggested you keep all homework in a folder, and your friend says you should just do your homework before class. You should depend on the reliable advice that you know will work. Your homework might be a long packet, which is better to do at home and put in a folder. Having this advice will help you keep up with your homework for a long time.

When getting advice from multiple people, it may not be exactly what you're looking for or be too confusing. You don't always have to follow what people tell you to do; instead you can combine them into a personal solution. This is a good way to fit into what you're comfortable with. You should not have to do exactly what someone else does, however, you can make an improvised solution from their actions. You can stretch out your bubble, and stay inside it at the same time. It is very comforting to know you can be independent and form a personal solution.

When making a choice, there are rewards and consequences. Mistakes are not always horrible, you can learn from them as well. Applying these mistakes and learning experiences will help you make better choices. A more positive outlook on your mistakes is seeing them as a gift. The gift of wisdom is a good thing, and knowledge is gained with it. As long as you don't revert back to the bad habits and choices, you grow strong mentally.

Overall, having different opinions and hearing many different experiences is good. Having dependable sources make you grow as a person gaining lessons, practice for future issues, along with custom solutions.                 