Phones & Driving

The use of cellular phones has spread like wildfire in the last ten years. It has become a part of everyday life for many American citizens, and a good number of people depend on them to carry out daily operations. Unfortunately, many of these daily operations occur while the individual is driving. As a result, many accidents have taken place in the last ten years due to the use of cellular phones while on the road.

This leads me to believe that if people can't concentrate on the road while talking on a cell phone, they shouldn't talk at all while driving. Rather than restricting access, the goal should be to provide in-vehicle information systems and safer means of using your cellular phone while driving. I understand that restricting cell phone usage while driving altogether isn't the best means for solving the problem.

I do, however, believe that more safety precautions need to be taken for individuals who will be talking on their phones while driving. Phones are being created by Erricson, Motorolla, and Nokia today in which offer a hands-free cell phone so that you can keep both hands on the wheel while driving and talking. Some of these come in the form of headsets and give the user a voice-activated sequence, which allows you to talk into the speaker, and the number will instantly be dialed. Already this has eliminated the chance of your hands being off the wheel and having to do the act of dialing the phone. Both which allow you to keep your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road.

Even hands-free devices that allow us to talk on the phone while driving with both hands on the wheel are still a hazard. Studies have shown that while talking to someone on the phone your brain is putting a lot of its energy into the conversation. This means that less of your brain is focused on driving the car. Yes, that could also mean a conversation with someone in the car is dangerous but you add in bad reception, how uncomfortable the hands-free earpieces are to wear and the annoyance of static or wind and you have a worse distraction.

Whatever it is can almost always wait until you get where you are going. If it can't wait, you can always stop to look. Cell phone use should be banned for the safety of everyone on the roads. It may not be as convenient, but we won't lose nearly as many teenage lives to Tweets or texts if they know their license could be taken if they do look.         