Everyone has asked for advice or asked for someones opinion on things. Asking for advice is something we all do. We want the approval and acceptance of others to try to fit in. I have asked many people their opinions on my hair, clothes, shoes, etc. Knowing that I'm accepted by my peers makes me feel like I fit in more. School is like a game; if you don't wear the same clothes, talk the same or act the same then your out and you lost the game you didn't even know you were playing. Seeking multiple opinions can help you because you get a different perspective on things, you start to learn how to make the best decicions for you, and you'll become accepted and less judged.

One reason why people ask for others opinion on things is so that they get a different perspective. Looking at something one minded and not being open to other ides can block creativity. Causing you to not be so confident in your desicions. Which personally makes me paranoid. Yes, we all make mistakes and learn from them, but we won't learn anyhting if all people do when we make a mistake is judge you and hold a grudge. So getting somebody else's perspective on what you wear, say, and do can stop you from making a mistake that most people won't forgive you for.

Another reason why people ask for others opinion on things is so that you learn how to make the best desicions for you. After a while, you'll start to want to explore with your life and do things you want to do. Asking people for help when you most need it can help you prepare and be ready for situations that will come. Then after you can decide for yourself knowing that you won't be judged for it. Going outside your comfort zone can make you more confident and more proud of your choices. Having someone else decide for you sometimes can help you learn what choices are best for you.

Lastly, another reason why people ask for others opinion is so that they will be approved and accepted by others. I'd rather ask for others opinions then choose for myself and then be outcasted and embarrased. Being rejected and not loved is one of my worst fears, so I'm not gonna let it happen by making the wrong choice. Being outcasted by the entire school just because you wore the wrong thing or you said something that somebody didn't approve of is heartbreaking. Everyone wants to be loved and accepted by others, so why don't we just ask for their way of seeing things. Most of my classmates feel the same way. I think we all just want to fit in and be normal.

In conclusion, asking for peoples opinions can benifit you in many ways. It could even be an asset later on in life. I know that it's good to be different and unique, but in school and life it's not. If someone is unique in life then they will be squashed like a bug by everyone else and seen as nothing. I feel like that sometimes and so do my peers. Being judged and feeling like nothing can bring down you self asteem. Who knows though, maybe later on in life it will change. We'll just have to wait and see.                