In the article the author talks about how two professors made a new software that can read facial expressions. Throughout the article the author tells the reader ways that this new technology can be useful. One of these ways that the author lists is that the technology can be used to read the facial expressions of students in a class at school to give feedback to the teacher to modify a lesson to make it more interesting. I belive that this technology can be seen as useful in certain ways but is mostly useless.

There are a few ways that this technology is useful. One of these ways is if the Facial Action Coding System can read the individual faces of the classroom and modify the lesson for that particular class. Since the "software can modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor" (paragraph 6) it would give the teacher feedback on how they can teach a lesson better therfore increasing the instrests in students and also could potentially increase test scores. Even though the software could have the potential to do these things I still belive that this software is useless.

The goal of a teacher, or anyone for that matter, is to succeed in their job. In a teacher's case it would be to grab the attention of the kids in their class so that the students can learn effectively. This software is useless because any great teacher can read their own class's facial expressions and modify their own lesson according to how a certain class reacts. What this means is that the Facial Action Coding System would be rendered as usless in the classroom because a great teacher can learn from their own class without the help from an external source such as the Facial Action Coding System.

In addition to great teachers being able to learn from themselves and their own classes without help, I believe that the software may not be able to accuratley describe all of the students facial expressions because of how many times we may change facial expressions in the duration of a class period. While some students may have the same facial expression throughout most students activley change their facial expression in multiple different ways. The Facial Action Coding System would have to activley read twenty to thirty students facial expressions activley at one time. This can also relate back the teachers not needing help from an external source because humans are engineered to read eachothers facial expressions so the teacher will already be reading the students facial expressions while teaching. This furthermore reinstates that this software is usless in the classroom.

Through teachers already reading students' facial expressions and great teachers being able to modify their own lessons to their class's needs this proves that the new software is near useless in classrooms. While others may disagree it is the truth that teachers already accomplish what the software can do. The software may do it in a different way but it is still being done. Outside of the classroom this software may be useful. One instance could be wile you are on a stage giving a speech in front of thousands of people it could help you modify your speech to attract attention. Or maybe video game develpoers could use a camera to track your facial expressions while you are playing a game to give them feedback if you are having fun and at what parts of the game. Theres a lot of new tehnology being developed today but I believe that facial recognition software does not belong in the classroom. 