Dear principal,

I heard that you are considering a school policy so that students can't participate in sports, or other activities unless they have a B average. Don't get me wrong, I like that idea but I just think that if you keep it this way then you wont have as many students playing sports as if you were before you made the school policy about the B average. I'd say about 75% of the students probably have a C or maybe even D average. I think you should let any student do any kind of sport that they like no matter how their grades are. Why? Because for one reason it's more students that is going to be out there supporting our school & actually doing something with theirself. For two, I

think that it will hurt the students feelings if they tried really hard to beg their parents to let them please do the sport, or to save up allowance money just to get the supplies that they need to be able to participate in the sport , & then they found out that they cant join the team just because of their grades. Yes I understand that grades are very important, but at the same time all of the students should be able to do whatever sport they would like to play. I don't know what anybody else "thinks", or "says" , but that's just my opinion personally. Maybe you can come up with a different policy other than grade wise , maybe it could be about missing assignments or possibly something else. Not everybody's perfect when it comes to grades , but then again every student should always do their best when it comes to school. My third reason is maybe a student wants to be in the NBA, or the NFL so they try & start playing that sport in middle school but they can't because of their grades & you never know basketball or football can be a students dream for when they grow up. They could want to go to college to be a professional basketball or football player , but now they think that all that's going to go to waste because they can't play the sport that they want to in middle school. I really think you should atleast

TRY

to come up with a different solution.

Thanks,

Sincerely STUDENT_NAME