Having driverless cars can vitally affect the world. Athough there are upsides to having them, there is also a lot of negative things that can result. I personaly think it is a bad idea to have driverless cars. The reasons for that being, if there is a software malfunction who is to blame, it takes away the fun and personal experiance of learning to drive, and there is not a way to prevent the car from malfunctioning.

Who is to blame for a crash when the cars are self driving? That question would be asked by anyone who experiances a crash with these cars. The government could make the civilian pay for the damages, or they could hold the manufacturer responsible. But, who would stop the manufacturers from sueing the civilian in the car and trying to make them pay for damages. Without any law to decide who is to blame there would be people sueing and blaming eachother to avoid paying.

Having driverless cars would also take away the experiance of learning to drive a car. Driving has always been something teenagers look forward to doing because it makes them feel free and like they have control over something. Without this, what would they look forward too? Learning to drive is also a great bonding experiance between parent and child and a wonderful way to pass on knowledge.

How would we be able to prevent the car from malfunctioning and causing a crash, or what if someone hacks the system to cause a car to crash? Having a computerized car with no way of letting humans take control would just be leeting in people to cause issues. If the president is in a car and someone hacks they syatem they can easily make the car crash killing the president. Unless they find a way to prevent this then there would be no order, and even id they put a one of a kind security system in it there is still no garentee that it wont get hacked.

There are some good things to having driverless cars though. Like how it would be safer without the risk of drunk drivers. Another good thing stated in the text is how they plan on making them use less gas than cars today, but couldnt they just make normal cars use less gas instead of making driverless cars? There is just so many small things that could cause big issues that the good from this is out weighed by the bad.

Having these self driving cars is just opening the door for issues to come through. Without clear laws on who is to blame for a crash, there is an opening for instability. There is no way for us to prevent people from hacking into a car's system and causing it to malfunction, killing those inside. Taking away the experiance from teenagers of feeling free to go where you want and destroying the chances of bonding with them through teaching to drive is just wrong. although it could be safer at some times there are also so many problems that can occur. Do we really want to take such big risks, just for a few small rewards?