Dear state senator I feel like we do not need to keep the Electoal College and we need to change the election to popular vote. Even Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on abolishing the Electoral College and I agree with them. Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people. Back in 1960 segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. Most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown in the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote for the vice president. The electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner take all all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the"swing" states. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all. It's offical the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best known arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. It's ghard to say this but Bob Dole was right, we should abolish the electoral college.

The electoral college is a non democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. The advocate of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense, it is the electors that elect the president, not the people. when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible it happened in 2000 but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidates share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote.    