There is so many of emotions, and only we know if we want to show them or not. Emotional expressions help us to show how we feel, or we can only pretend them, that is why I am against with the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions. We have to think if they really want us to know what are they feeling? We all are humans, so we know that sometimes we feel embarresed of something, and we do not want to people know that. Adding to these we have to have our privacity.

Our emotions expressions help us to show how we feel. If we are sad we have a sad face, if angry we have a face that reference that we are angry as on the paragraph number 5 says " for instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face". So there is no reason to have the Facial Action Coding enables computers to identify human emotions.

Emotions expression can also being prentend them. Every single person has problems, and sometimes we are shy to let them know to other people, so we need our privacity, and we have to pretend that everything is all right, when maybe is not like that. If someone is sad, but he/she wants to look she is happy, so there is nothing to do, because is her/his decision. We have to think in the point of view. We can see on paragraph number 6 says "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becaming confused or bored" what about if the student feels emberresed, if everybody that he is the one who does not understans a topic?

But also the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions can help, but if the person wants to. Because people sometimes does not know how to tell people how they feel. Also it could help in differents ways to different careers. For example the police career, when they interrogate people, they can notice if they are telling the truth or they are just lying.

In conclusion the Facial Action Coding System anables computers to identify human emtions have to be used only in a special case. We have our own emotions, and our unique forms to show how we feel. If we want to be reserved is our desicion, and if we want to show our emotional expressions it is okay as well. Only we decide how to feel, and if we should show our emotions up. We have a right that is call personal privacity, we have to remember that.                                            