In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. We learn from the passage that Venus has extremely hot temperatures, and also has an atomospheric pressure that is 90 times greater than we experience here on earth. Even though Venus is "inhospitable", many astronomers are still very much fascinated by Venus.

The author supports the idea of Venus being a worthy pursuit to study by stating many beneficial features that Venus has. The author says, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life." (Paragraph 4-lines 4 & 5) By inplying that Venus could have all these things, the author is telling us that Venus could also be used for things like what we use Earth for.

The author compares Venus to Earth for a reason. The author supports the idea of studying Venus being a worthy pursuit by stating that Venus has Earth like features such as; valleys, mountains, and craters. Since this planet has more Earth like features, than any other planet, astronomers are desperate to study more about the planet.

Since "the value of returning to Venus seems indisputable", NASA is helping with the idea of studying Venus by coming up with ideas of how to send humans to Venus, to study the planet. The authors explains that, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." (Paragraph 5-lines 3 & 4) This help from NASA is very beneficial to the astronomers because NASA is proposing ideas of how to safely get to Venus, for astronomers to study.

Despite Venus having extremely hot temperatures and having a dangerous presure for humans to study on Venus' surface, NASA is helping astronomers propose ideas of how to safely study and get to Venus. The author supports the idea of Venus being a worthy pursuit to study by comparing Venus' features to Earth and stating that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit.