Being able to take online classes from home, is something that i would like for all schools to offer. Graduating high school is a need in this time and generation, for the reason being that most jobs ask for at least if you graduated high school. There is lots kids in school and not all have the time to go to school, some kids have to help there parents work for there not financially stable. I myself have gone through that where had gone to an alternative school so i could have more time to work in the day and come home to do some of my courses. Many people say education is the number one thing you should worried about and thats right, though some kids can't cause they have to help there family to provide in relation to paying some bills, put food on the table or picking up there siblings. providing school to be done at home will help the kids that have to go through all of this.

high school can be hard at times work is stressful some kids hate to having to get up early is hard for them so they miss out in some of class time. You keep missing some of class every day it can turn into hour's of class time that you missed, also can effect in the way you are learning having more time in your day to work can help you for there you are learning at your own paste, not the teachers. Some students that learn slow. takes time for them to learn one thing and by then the teacher is on the next unit there learning about. everyone has there own way that they learn better students that are fast learners wish that they can learn everything faster to get the class over with to go on to the next. those students can get classes online so they could do them at home to get the most credits they want this would also help them graduate faster.

Very few kids know what they want to work as for there career. Doing online classes can help these students graduate earlier to go the school they want to go to, or there career they want to lean on. This can help these students out in many ways. Going into a career path the earliest you can is a great thing you can get more time to learn and get good at to what you want to be doing like working become a master tech the younger you are the more experience you could have when you get older. The more chances you can get to become the best master tech at your location. Many students in high school learn in there own way also are smart in there own way graduating early can help students to become what they want to be the most.                           