The invention of driverless cars could be a really good thing, but could also cause harm.

These cars can allow us to be safer in most situations, but there are a few where drivers need to be able to take control of the wheel.

Could this invention also help with the enviornment and the costs that people spent on there car or could it make cars more expensive.

Driverless cars can help drivers, passengers, and pedestrians to be more safer than with cars that can only be opperated by a driver.

With the use of cell phones, drivers who use them are more at risk of getting into an accident. Driverless cars can help with this problem. Most people, when they hear about car accidents related to cell phones, think of teen drivers.

This isn't always the case.

Many adults text and drive.

With driverless cars teens and adults can use their phones with out having to worry about getting into an accident.

Although, the driver still has to pay attention to the road it makes it safer.

These cars would create less accidents in these situations or in a medical situation.

If a driver blacks out while driving this could cause a serious accident harming the lifes of themself and others or if the driver has been out drinking at night, these cars provide a safe way of transpertation.

When a car accident occurs, the driver who caused the accident can get into a lot of legal trouble.

With driverless cars the driver won't be the one to blame if someone happen to die in the accident, but the responsibility has to be given to someone.

This means that the company that made the car would be responsible for the accident, which could changer their mind on driverless cars.

The cost of gas can be a major problem.

Google cofounder, Sergey Brin, invisions driverless transportation to use half the fuel we use now.

This would help for the cost in fuel for people who are having a difficult time paying for gas or in could cause the price of gas to go up.

There is one thing we know though.

With these cars using half the gas, our enviornment is becoming a healtheir place.

There will be less polution from the cars in the air, which can benifit our health. Going back to the cost these cars will have you spending, could this car be more expencive then the cars we pay for now.

These cars use rotating sensors, video cameras, automotive radar sensors, GPS receivers, and inertial motion sensors.

All these devices can add to the price of the car cuasing driverless cars to be more expensive.

Will people by these cars if the cost more or will they just sit.

Driverless cars are a good idea to help with our safty.

They could help protect many lifes.

The developers of the driverless car should give it a try and see how it works in real life situations.

No matter what type of car, the driver still should be paying attention to the road to keep themselves and others safe.   