The modern world dreams of many whimsical ideas that one day might be attainable. One of these dreams that is becoming a reality is the idea of driverless cars. Driverless cars are safer, cheaper, and allow more flexibility than modern cars.

New cars nowdays are expensive, with driverless cars there would be no need for a personal car because the driverless cars would form a public-transportation system. Also, driverless cars would cut fuel requirements in half due to their precise steering and breaking systems. The self-driven cars would remove the flaws that people make in driving further reducing wear-and-tear costs. Driverless cars are a step in the direction of cost free transportation.

Driverless cars are not only cost effective, but they are also very safe. They showcase many safety options that optimize the safety of those in the car and those in other cars. They will be able to sense and react to disasters much better than people do. The information relayed from the sensors better adapts the car to make the best possible decision whereas if a human would go by the fight or flight instinct and possibly hurt themselves or others.

Driverless cars are not only safer and cheaper than modern day cars, but they offer more flexibilty than them aswell. The idea that a car does not need a driver will enable the person in the drivers seat to do other things such as reading or doing thier homework. BMW is working on an assisted driving program named "Traffic Jam Assistant" that will enable the driver to do other activities while the car is driving itself and when the time comes that the car cannot overcome the obstacle that it has encountered, it will notify the driver to take control of it. The car company Tesla is working on a vehicle that is planned to be released in the year 2016 that is capable of driving on its own ninety percent of the time. These improvements are groundbreaking and will better the future.

The driverless cars of the future will better the world because they are cheaper, safer, and more flexible than modern cars. The possibilities that driverless cars bring are indefinite and are soon becoming a reality. The dreams of the past are becoming a reality in the present. 