Learning is the most powerful tool that people can use to get towards the success, it is as important as eating everyday because learning feeds people's brain. In this paper, I will discuss about why students will be benefit by attending classes from home. Moreover, teachers and mastered people like counselors always say, "education and learning are the only way that will take anyone towards the success". Furthermore, students that receive classes from home are able to start working and save money for college and students will receive their diploma as a normal attending school student.

First, students whose work for collage are automatically signing up for thier highest goal. For example, attending to school and having a part time job for most students can be stressful and can cause most of classes' failures. In my case, because of having a short schedule at school, I decided to look for a part time job, I thought it was going to be easy; in fact, it is hard because I even work on weekends from 7:00 a. m to 9:00 p. m which is so exhausting because I have to wake up early everyday even on weekends. Moreover, staying at home and take classes online or videos conferencing will give students more time to spend on their jobs while they are working on their futures. In fact, students will get the same knowledge for less time, my art teacher always says, "don't work hard, work smart". This is one important reason why students should take or at leats consider the idea of attending classes from home that will benefit students for the future.

Second, many students ask: "Am I going to get my diploma", the answer is yes. For example, students in school once they are done with their credits, they graduated and get their diploma, for students taking classes from home is exact the same thing with the only difference that they are getting education from home, Personally, my cousin is doing his last year of school; furthermore, because he is also having a short schedule, he decided to take his classes online because he wanted to start working to save up money to attend college; meanwhile, he is getting his school classes done, he is also preparing himself to jump up into college. Moreover, he is getting his diploma as a normal attending school student. Lastly, taking classes from home will give students the same education and the same benefits as a normal attending school student and that includes the diploma.

In coclusion, students will be benefit by attending classes from home, they will work towards the future but also, they will have the same benefits as a attending school student with their diploma. For example, many people think that attending classes from home is not the same, that the knowledge they are receiving is not as strong as the one they receive while being at school. However, the knowledge a attending classes from home student has is the same as a attending school student. Moreover, students attending classes from home give themselves a great opportunity to start working on their futures, In my opinion, attending classes from home is a great opportunity for those whose want to keep up with their education, goals, and dreams. It not only benefits studenst in the present but it also benefits them for the future.