Did you know that over eighty percent of the population asks more than one person when they tend to ask questions? I believe that it is helpful to seek more then one person because one many people could have experienced it, two other people may have a different answer, and three I believe that it is a good idea to ask more than one person because they might just be wrong or right or they might have no clue what your talking about at all.

My reasons for my statements up above are one because that person may have experienced it and may just know what you are talking about. My reasons to support this are one if you simply ask more than one person you may get a better answer because they may or may not know what you are talking about, two if they experienced it they may not a lot about the topic and how they can help you, and my last statement about this is that if they experienced it rather than not at all you could always do research about it more and maybe asking more people could increase your social skills more. In conclusion to this paragraph I believe that you should always ask more than one person because they might just have a good feeling that they know what your talking about.

However, I also believe that as well as what I just said I think that you may get a better answer to support this is if you simply ask one person they might not even know at all, two you could always ask more and get a better answer and sum it up more to answer it, and finally, my last reason to support it is that one person you decided to ask might not even be right at all. In conclusion I believe that you should ask everyone because that one person might not be right plus you never know you may get a good answer.

My last reason to support this is that is you ask more than one person you could have a high chance of increasing you social skills by a lot, two if asking more people increases the chances of your answer actually being right, and finally it is always good t ask more than one person because they could have just honestly tell you a lot about it if it is something they know a lot about.

In conclusion,

I believe that it is never a bad idea to ask more than one person a question or and idea.

I believe the main idea or thesis of my topic is that it is a good idea to ask more than one person a opinion or an idea because they could just simply know more about it or they could just give a more honest opinion about it.

The lesson you can learn from this is that you should always ask more than one person about a question or just a simple opinion because they could honestly just know more depending on what your talking bout while if you just ask one person it can be just a twenty percent chance either they know it or not. You should listen to me about what I have to say because why would you risk the chance of just asking one person about a question they might not even know about at all? Or why even waste your time on something when you do not even know if they lied about it even being true or not or even knowing about it.

If you do not listen to me and just ask one person then good luck actually looking for the answer you want with only a twenty percent of someone even knowing what you are talking about or them not even giving you what you want or the correct answer. In conclusion, you should just really ask more than one person to get what you are really looking for and that might just improve some skills along with social skills.