If you had to make an important decision, would you go to one person and ask for their opinion or go to multiple people and ask for their opinion? In my opinion, going to multiple people and asking them for their help would be the better choice. This is true because then you'll have a variety of knowledge, based upon how other people reacted to the same situation. In addition to that, is so that you don't get a biased opinion.

One reason for seeking multiple opinions is so that people will have a variety of knowledge to choose from. This will help better prepare them when they have to choose between their options. Furthermore, it will help them face the consequences of their action. They will also know that they chose the better option based upon the opinions that they were given. Getting multiple opinions will also help them when they learn from other people's mistakes. Like, if they had to choose from going to a movie or going to study for a test. If they went to somebody who doesn't really care about the test, they will most likely choose to go to the movie. But if they ask their elder brother or sister, they would say, based on experience, don't go the movies because if you fail your test, mom and dad would ground you for a month. Then based on the opinions given to them they would choose the best choice. In addition to that, no one knows everything about the whole world. So why would someone go to one person. Maybe they don't even know anything about it and give bad advice. If they only went with one opinion and that was their first opinion and they acted on it, they would have probably chosen the worst choice and would have to face the consequences of that choice.

Another reason why people should seek multiple opinions is so that it is not biased. Going back to our first example, if that first opinion had been biased, how deep into trouble would that kid had been in if they went to the movies. Furthermore, that is from a kids point of view. What if someone wanted to make a business deal with someone else that's worth around a million dollars, and their colleague tells them to not do with that company. Well they want the deal to be perfect, since so much money is on the line. So they want to make sure the advice is actually based on cold, hard facts not flimsy opinions. That is why you should take advice from multiple people not just one. Whoever is getting advice can also cross check with someone else and see if their advice is actually worth it. Just because someone trust someone else a lot doesn't mean that they are right.

In summary, that is why I think that, when taking advice, it's best to take it from multiple people. This is true because you will then have a variety of knowledge and you won't have a biased opinion. Consequently, you won't have a hard time with choices that you are making. So based on this essay, I dare you to utilize these tactics in the real world.