When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person, because people could have different opinions based on there personalities, The person your trying to ask for advice might not be the smartest and it could cause you to do something you might regret doing in the future, you should always ask someone who's trust worthy that could keep it private.

People could have different opinion's based on there personality. Someone could give you advice that isn't so positive, like a guy who's been to prison multiple time's. You can ask a harsh stood up guy and he might give you the advice "Stand up for yourself" because his personality is built like that. If you asked your mom for advice she would give you the most caring and thoughtful advice she could. That's why its always important to ask people with good personality's for advice.

The person your trying to get advice from might not be the wisest. You could ask them for advice and they could give something silly. You ask for advice and the person say's something unusual immature advice. The'y probably don't take you serious and give you wrong advice that possibly lead's you to do something wrong. That's why you should always ask someone smart for advice.

You should always ask a trustworthy friend for advice. You could ask someone for advice that you don't trust as much as you trust your close friend's, and that person you don't trust might give you the wrong advice. Its always important to ask someone you trust for the right advice or you could end up doing something you might have regretted doing. Asking a trustworthy friend for advice could always be a good thing, they could could give you advice you might need. You should always ask a trustworthy friend or someone who is trustworthy for advice.

In conclusion asking multiple people for advice is a good thing but, you should always ask people with good personalities for advice, always try to get advice from wise people, and you should always ask a trustworthy friend or a trustworthy person for advice.