Dear Mr.Senator,

I have decided to contact you today to inform you on my oppinion of the nation's Electoral College and why we should remove it from our federal government. I write to you with all do respect and do not intend to offend you in any way shape or form. I hope that you might agree with my opinion and speak out oppond it and if you do not agree with it, I hope you respect it.

To start off, he people of this country have fought very hard for the

rights of

all

people

to have the freedom to vote so, why should we have our citizens be negleted to have the president we want? Keeping the Electoral college is restraining us to have the president that the majority of Americans have voted for and many people think it should stop.When going into voting many Americans know that when we vote for a president that we also vote for a slate of electors so, why did election of John Kerry and George W. Bush go wrong? If many citizens voted for John Kerry,

why did George Bush win the election? Obviously, the Electoral College did not go through on what they were suppose to do. It feels like electors took advantage of their position and decided for a president that many of us did not want. When did the government start deciding who would be our president and who wouldn't be our president? Isn't that reason why this country was founded under freedom, because the government was taking advantage of the people and

deciding who our president was going to be?

I also believe that the government should give us a chance to decide whether we should keep the Electoral College or not. As shown in the second article, The Indefensible Electoral College, a poll taken in the year 2000 showed that

60 percent of voters rather have a more direct election.

The Electoral College also makes voting more confusing, it's very stressful to have your vote seem to mean nothing or very little.

I do not only think that the Electoral College is just something terrible but it also has some pros to it also. I believe it is good to also have an opinion of people who are some way apart of the U.S. government to vote to see a different point of view. The person who has the majority of popular votes might not always be the right president for the current place and time the country. It is also good that smaller populated states mean more than larger populated states.

I hope that someday that when the younger generation does grow that we fix the problems that are found in the ferderal government and always give this country the president that we want. Mr.Senator, I hoped that you liked my arguement and it change something, even a bit. I hope you have a nice day, week, month, and year. Goodbye.

-Sincerely, PROPER_NAME    