Driverless cars can very well be benifical to our future,but those driverless cars could cause problems with consumers and the companies selling the cars.

The technology needed for making a fully driverless car is not quite in our reach, but in the near future we might have all the technology that can propel us into having driverless car. In the article it says that the cars we have now are not completely driverless and can only assist the driver. That means that drivers still have to be paying attention and take over when the car meets road work or any unexpected thing that might pop up.

If cars went driverless the driver would get bored and not pay attention to the road. Which could lead into the car having an accident. The car would have to have an added feature to it to keep the drivers attention while they are being drove by the car.

The driverless cars would have an impact on the road laws as well as people of non-driverless cars. The article says Road laws would have to be changed to cover the liability of an accident. If the road laws have to be changed due to driverless cars what would the drivers of non-driverless cars do. The driver would have to adapt to new road laws focused toward cars that drive themselves.

The technology could flat out be a bust and not co- operate with the driver or at all. The article states if the technolegy fails then the companies who made those cars would be to blame. Which could be a bankruping end to a company.

The truly autonomous car strecthes on ahead of us, but we grow closer each day is a statement from the passage that car companies should stop talking about. Driverless cars seem a to big much time and money for something that could glitch and end someones life. Driving assistance is more what should be focused towards that way the driver is in control yet is being watched closely by the car.

The driverless car can be seen as the next big benificial thing; but it could cause problem with many people and companies.