The "face" on Mars is indeed a natural landform. The "face" could have been formed by multiple things. Such as being hit by other rocks, or it may even be the formation of some kind of sand. A lava dome could be another option of what it is. The picture is sharp enough to catch any living evidence. The article states, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times biggerthan the pixel size," (NASA, 12). What they are stating here is that if some kind of living evidence was in the picture they would be able to recognize it instantly.

A so called "face" formation on mars, even showed up as a natural landform. as stated in the text,

"a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all" (NASA, 7). What they are stating in that paragraph is that it may have looked like a alien monument but it was never a "alien monument", it was just a natural landform. That which could have been made by many different occasions that may have happen. Scientist are always searching for more and more explanations everyday.

If there was any objects in the first picture taken, any sciencetist or any citizen could have noticed the picture was sharp enough to pinpoint any living evidence or so called "aliens". Even if there was transportation such as cars airplanes or any shelter as known as "Egyptian-Style Pyramids" or even "Small Shacks", you would have been able to make out an tell what the objects are. As started from the text "unmasking the face on mars", "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egytian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were" (NASA, 12)!

The so called "face" on the planet "Cydonia" could have been formed by lava and may even be a "lava dome". Yeah some people qont always agree with the evidence, but you have to look at the facts. You also might not agree there is lava on the planet Cydonia but honestly tell me have you ever been to Cydonia to prove to me 100%, aliens made the monument and its not a natural landform? once you show me that proof ill take another look and maybe turn my point of veiw from your side. Until then ill believe its a lava dome or some kind of natural resource. As stated in "unmasking the face on mars", "What the picture actually shows is the Martain equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West."it reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,"says garvin" (NASA,12) what they are saying is the "face" is a natural landform which they can compare to many different landform and monuments on earth.

NASA can compare the so called "face on the red planet" to many different things on earth. They can compare height, shape, color, texture, etc. as stated in "unmasking the face on mars", "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars"(NASA, 12) In that evidence from the text they are saying they can take the height and compare it to the Face on Mars and it will be almost exactly the same. I believe the "Face on Mars" is a natural landform, not every person in the world may agree but if you look at the facts and evidence together you will be able to comprehend the "Face" is not an aliens monument, it is a natural landform.