Students love summer break due to the fact that they no longer have school. Summer is a time for fun and relaxation but that also doesn't mean that they should forget everything they learned. Student's should keep exercising their brains to make sure they are successful for their next year of school. Most school's require students to complete summer projects. Student's usually come up with summer projects due to the fact that it's summer which creates a lot of opportunities for student's to come up with their own unique design. Teachers should be designing their summer projects because they have more experience in the field of learning and life as a whole.

Teachers have to learn a subject to be able to teach a subject, they all have extensive knowledge in the area of studies and learning. They have to take exams to see if their fit to become a teacher and to teach a certain subject when they apply for the job. As you can see they have to prove their knowledge before they can get accepted. Therefore, I think they would have a better understanding on how a project should be designed for a student over the summer. Teachers have broadened their range of learning through large amounts of work and practice. They use what they learned to teach students. Since they're already teaching student's why can't they teach them over the summer as well through designing their projects.

Teachers are generally much older than student's so they've experienced things students have not. They are adults so their wisdom and opinions have increased and changed. Teachers also already went through college and high school so they've experienced many different types of projects and assignments. Most of them have also received a degree to prove themselves. Teacher's hard work can be reflected on the project design. Due to this I think they could determine the best project design for a student through their experience in life.

Summer Projects should be designed by Teachers due to their understanding of the studies of learning and their experience in life. Teachers will use their knowledge and experience so that students can enjoy their project and exercise their brain over the summer.

Overall a teacher-designed project will be the best option a summer project.                   