When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. First, contracting advice from multiple people could provide you different points of view, to make the best choice. Second, not everyone will have the same advice and some may be better than others. Lastly, you could benefit more from hearing the advice of others more than one person. Talking to other people is smarter and more beneficial.

Contracting advice from multiple people could provide you with different points of view. Every person in this world has different advice to offer. Therefor, listen to everyone's advice because it will only help you when it comes to making a choice. For example, if you are making a decision about what collage to attend, but you dont know what collages to start looking at. The best thing would to do would to get others advice and how they feel about that choice. Other people can impact your choice to give a different stand point for your decision.

Not everyone will have the same advice. Therefor, some may be better than other peoples advice. Hearing other peoples advice varies from a range of helpful to not as helpful. However, any advice given is beneficial because you are gaining information and knowledge that will makeup your choice. Also, getting advice from others could help you put together your information and use it when its needed. Any advice helps, if you are put in a bad situation someones advice may help you with that.

You could benefit more from hearing the advice of others more than one person because, one person will not always give you the best advice. One persons advice will eventually end up being bad advice. Where as, advice from multiple people would help you get the best advice, that advice would be much more beneficial than one persons advice in many ways. For example, going to a church group and sharing advice is a spectacular way to get the best advice to make the right choices. In my opinion listening to other peoples advice is one of my main keys to success.

In conclusion, seeking opinions can help make a better choice. Reason being, getting advice from others could provide different points of view to make the best choice. Second, not everyone will have the same advice and each persons advice could help you in different ways. Lastly, you could benefit more from hearing the advice of others more than one person because, one person will not always give you the best advice. Making the best choice is a difficult thing to do but, having others opinions and advice is a great way to make the best choice.       