The electoral college is pointless, I believe that it is just another step that was added to the long process of picking our new president. It causes problems between the people and the government and it takes away time that we could be using to do something actually beneficial to our country. The electoral college is not a place but a group of people who meet and vote for the President and Vice President. Each state gets represented by a certain amount of electors which is decided by the population of that specific state. The electoral college should be thrown out of the way that we choose our president becuase it upsets the people, it can completley change elections, and because it gives to much power to the legislative branch.

I think that the electoral college gets people frustrated with our government. They have to go basically vote for another person to vote. If I lived in texas I would go to a poll and vote for the person that I wanted to put up in the electoral college. That person would then vote for the president. It makes voters, mad why spend time for voteing on people who you dont really care about when you could honeslty just vote for the President who you believe could help our country. The biggest argunment against the electoral college is that it we can't control who our elector votes for. You see when you go to vote for an elector you normally vote for one who says that they are going to vote for the person that you like, but they can change their mind and now you voted for someone that is going to vote for the candidate that you didnt want.

The electoral college can completely change the direction of a vote. Becuase voters only have one vote, the electors represent alot of the states population. For example a single representitive from samller states like Wyoming can represent of to 500,000 voters and in bigger states like California can have up to 55 electors who represent as much as 35 million people. This is why the electoral college can have such a big effect on the voting proces exspecially since the electors represent such a large amount of people. It can become frustrating when a large mass of people ellect some one and that elector changes there mind about  who they vote for, because a group of people as large as 500,000 can be ruiting for one person and the elector can change his mind and now that group 500,000 is voting for someone that they don't like.

Another problem is that the electoral college gives to much power to legislative branch "Back in 1960 segregationists in the Lousiana legislature nearly succeeded replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." So that a popular vote for Kennedy would not have actually gone to Kennedy becuase it would have been overthrown by the college. Which meens that the Legislative branch has enough power to create a biased slait. The legislature would create a group of electors that are all in favor of certain idea and you wouldnt be able to vote for anyone else becuase those are the people for your state. The point of voting is to give power to the people and with the electoral college in the way it completely takes that away from us. We get to vote for the electors but that doesnt meen that they are going to vote for the people that we want them to.

Yes the electoral college could have some advanteges like allowing professionals to have an input into what is going on, It helps us avoid run-off elections (elections that end up with a tie), and restores some of the weight in the political balance that larger states lose. But there are definalty more cons to this procedure. The constitution states that we are here to create a more perfect union but how are we supposed to create a union when the government is basically in control of everything. There is no unity gouing on in our government it more like the government is in charge and we are kind of just here. If we get rid of the electoral college it will make the people happier and allow them to actually feel like part of the government, It will stabilize elections and not allow the legistaure to change them, and will take away some of the numerous powers that the Legislative branch holds. All in all the electorla cllege os unfair, outdated, and irrational. It need to be abolished!            