The idea of driverless cars has been an idea for many years. Now it's actually happening, companies are starting to test cars like this for near years usage. I think cars should be driverless because it helps people save money, the cars are safer, and they're modern.

Driverless cars help people save money by people not having to buy cars. The passage states in the first paragraph that, "Google cofounder Sergey Brin, envisions a future with a public transportation system with driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system." If people just call the taxi service they won't have the need for a car, so they'll save a bunch of money. With that buses and taxis would use have the fuel they use today, so it could also help with pollution. Also with the taxi system people can be picked up quicker than with taxi services we have today, so people can get to their jobs faster or anywhere.

With driverless cars they're also safer than normal driving cars. The passage mentions an idea of having cameras on the driver to make sure they're alert and paying attention. The car itself has the power to control brake when needed and reduce or increase power from the engine, the car is better at response and control than a human driver alone. There is still the possible mishap of having an accident, but the accident could either be the driver or the car's fault. When the car knows of construction work or too much traffic about to happen the car alerts the driver to start driving, so the car can avoid any accidents happening on its part.

The driverless car is so much more modern than the normal driving car of today. Modernizing cars started in the 1980's, automakers created the antilock brakes and now those have grown to something bigger;the wheels of today detect out-of-control skids or rollovers. The car also tells the driver when to drive for example, GM has developed seats that vibrated to tell the driver to take a hold of the wheel. What's truly so modern about driverless cars is cameras on the rear wheel, rearview mirror, also rotating sensor on the roof, GPS reciever, and inertial motion sensor. All those features are being tested on a Toyota Prius, but the best feature of all is the 3-D model of the surrounding around the car to show the driver what their surroundings are.

I'm personally for driverless cars because they help save money, they're safer, and they're modern. Of course there is still things to work on the cars and some legalizing to be done for states. Driverless cars are the thing of the near future that's for sure.