Limiting the amount of driving allowed and having car-free cities can have several benefits by reducing the amount of air pollution and traffic jams. Some disadvantages of having car-free cities are time management and paying fines to drive. Greenhouse gasses can be reduced by limiting driving in cities and having car free cities. About 50 percent of greenhouse gasses are from passenger cars in some cities in the United States and 12 percent in Europe. There were about 80 micrograms of particulate per cubic meter in London and 114 in Brussels. Paris has the most air pollution with 147 micrograms per cubic meter.

Paris has 67 percent of its vehicles run on diesel fuel, which is blamed for most of the air pollution. The rest of Western Europe has an average of 53.3 percent of vehcicles fueled by diesel. Car emissions are traped from the warm air caused by cold nights and warm days. A partial ban was created in Paris for driving to reducce the amount of pollution. Drivers with even number license plates could drive on certain days and odd number plates would drive on other days. After only five days the air pollution was down by 60 percent. In Bogota there are car free days and 118 miles of bicycle paths were constructed and the amount of traffic jams during rush hour were down by almost half.

Limiting driving will lower the amount of traffic and it made several people happier. Most public transportation was free on weekends. When driving was not allowed, people would be walking and riding bikes. Most people in car free cities enjoyed the sound of children instead of hearing the sound of motors all of the time. Public transportation was allowed every day and it reduced the amount of traffic with having fewer cars on the streets and roads.

When driving on days then it's not allowed the drivers have to pay fines. In Paris drivers with even number license plates would drive on certain days andodd numbers drive on the other days. If someone is driving on the wrong day there is a fine of 22 euors or 31 dollars for each day that they drive when they can't. In bogota there is a 25 dollar fine for driving on car free days. Time management is another problem when someone can't drive their car. Going to work would take longer when walking, riding a bike or using the public transportation.

having car free cities and limitin driving can be good for reducing the amount of air pollution and the amount of traffic out on the roads. Some people feel happier when they live in a car free city because they feel like they have less stress but some people dont like paying fines when they are driving their car on certain days.               