The main advantages to limiting car usage would be less accedents and less polution. People dont really know about how many accedents and how much polution cars are responsible for.

to start off with cars can make you very tense and then posibly resulting in a crash. Without cars people would be less tense and be calm every day as they go to work. For example Heidrun Walter said " When i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way. " In the outskirts of freiburg street parking, drive ways, and home garages are generally forbidden. Their streets are completely car free except for the main thoroghfare. Freiburg does allow car ownership but there are only two places to park, large garrages at the edge of the develoupment, where a car owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home. As a result 70% of the people do not own cars, and 57% sold a car to be able to live there. People now walk, take the tram, or ride bicycles to school and work, and yet these people are very happy about it. Planes are now taking this concept to the suburbs. They are doing this by putting new building walking distance from those people insted of the malls were people have to drive in order to get there.

in addition to people being less tense banning cars would result in less polution.  Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. After five days of smog rivaled china which is one of the most poluted cities of the world. Diesels were the blame. But finally on monday the smog cleared enough for the ruling French party to rescid the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuseday. This ban also went on to Colombia for three years they have been doing this and they only allow buses and taxies everyone else  gets a $25 fine. Eventually two other colombian cities, Cali and Valledupar joined the event. kids now are not even wanting to get a drivers license they would rather walk. these kids get their jobs by looking at the ones that are in walking distance. this is a very good thing because the less drivers the less pollution there is in the air.

in conclusion if we limited the usage of cars people would be more relaxed and there would be less polution in the air pluss people would be gatting exercise so people would benifit from this and our world would be much cleaner.    