There are some schools that provide students the opportunity to learn with distance learning. There are various ways a student is able to take their classes from home, including video conferencing and online modules. Many people do not take the offer of distance learning. However, attending class from home benefits students by providing more efficient learning experiences, allowing them to focus on what they love, and growing their time management skills.

School from home is more efficient than a physical school. At my high school, there are breaks built into the day: seven minutes after class, 30 minutes for lunch, and 30 minutes to relax. Over an hour of the day is used that does not benefit the education of a student. The time that is used for these breaks would be eliminated if a student took their classes from home. A student taking the course online would finish with the same knowledge as a student that is not; however, they will finish faster. The elimination of unnecessary breaks makes the learning experience more efficient.

As the student has a more efficient learning experience, they have more time to do things they love. My friend Generic_Name, for example, is a Youth Olympics speed skater who has been taking online classes for four years. Taking online school provides Generic_Name the time to dedicate his efforts into speed skating. Without the opportunity of online school, he would not be as successful as he is now. With the extra time that comes with online school, any person has the opportunity to thrive in what they are passionate in.

Some people may claim that online school makes a student lazy because they will procrastinate. However, as a student takes their classes from home, they build beneficial time management skills. In high school, for example, I took an online course for personal finance and economics. There was work due every week; however, all of the assignments were officially due at the end of the school year. Splitting up the work every week until the final deadline helped build the time management skills needed for success in the future. Additionally, the online course provided students with a general guide to split up work to help them manage their time. This helps build a foundation to grow time management skills. Online school, overall, has deadlines and tools that help a student build time management skills.

Online school is an opportunity that will help the student thrive. It cuts out factors in a physical school that do not help the education of a student. With those factors, like unnecessary breaks, eliminated, there is more time for the learners to thrive in other areas. Additionally, online school provides a foundation for the students to learn more important life skills, like time management. From the various impacts from attending classes from home, the students will benefit from the experience of an online school.