In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile." the auhtor explains the development in new technology called the Facial Action Coding System that enables coputers to detect human emotions. As humans do this almost everyday attempting to figure out the mood of the people in their surroudnings.

Computer technology is now able to do the same actions but on a higher level inclduing percentage and specific musclesthat induce the face of happiness and other emotions. This technology in a classroom reading the emotional expressions of students would be very valuable becuase teachers can adjust the lesson accordingly, they can help them and try to relate the lesson to them, and they could act differently according to the person's mood.

The first reason why this technology would be useful in a classroom is so the teachers can adjust the lesson accordingly. For example, if a teacher had planned to talk about Romeo and Juliet which is a morrid tradegy inclduing death, they could switch the lesson and avoid conflict if they knew a student was sad and possibly had a death in their family or relations. If the tecaher had gone into the lesson talking about the death and such upsetting events they could have upset the student and made issues. Another example would be if the teacher saw the student was not understanding the material they could explain the lesson in a different way. One of the main reasons for schooling is to learn and this could help teachers teach their students more efficently. The teacher would know if a student was confused and they could provide them assitance.

The second reason this technology would be useful in a classroom is so that the teacher could try and relate their lesson to the studnets so they understand it better. For example, recently children are very drawn to technology. If students in an english class were reading a book and their homework was writing a summary over each chapter some wouldn't complete it becuase it's 'hard' or 'boring'. If you flip the perspective and have a class twitter page and the students would tweet each day something about what they read they would take to it better. A teacher could see that a student is very happy they do do a lesson that is along the lines of knowing what happiness is and explaining emotions. If a teacher tried to do a lesson like that while their students were sad they could most likely not explain happiness.

The third reason this technology would be useful in a classroom is so that the teacher could act differently according to the person's mood. If a teacher was planning on having a debate in class but then realized that some of their students were already angry and flustered they might change the plan. The students would go into the debate angry and it would only make them angrier resulting in the class getting out of control or hurting a student's feelings. If a student comes in and the teacher notices they are sad and upset they won't be as harsh on them. If the said student had a missing assingment that had to be turned in the teacher could wait until the next day or aproach them in a kind and understanding manner. If the teacher hassaled the student about a missing assingment when already upset it could escalate the situation to an uneeded extent.

Many people focus on their emotions and feelings, teenagers at a higher level than most. People are led to act on how they feel about the situation or in general. Emotions lead the world and without them it would be a boring and grimy place to live. In many situations multiple peoples feelings get hurt becuase they say something to a person in a bad mood and the person explodes on them. School inhabits alot of stress onto teenagers so if thier teacher knew how they felt it could help them all. This technology in a classroom reading the emotional expressions of students would be very valuable becuase the teachers can adjust the lesson accordingly, they can help and try to relate the lesson to them, and they could act differently according to a person's mood. Emotions are a large part of a tenneagers life and if schools could help reduce stress, help students comprehend, and help rather and hurt the students emotions the school systems could have a largely more postive impact. 