An Electorial College compromises between election of the president by vote in congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electorial College consists of 538 electors, a majority of 270 electoral votes is requires to elect the president. This presidential election is held every 4 years on the tuesday after the first monday in November. Each candidate running for president in your state has his or her own group of electors and are chosen by the candidates political part.

Personally I believe that the preisential election should be based on popular vote because as citizens of the United States we should be able to help the output of what our futures will look like and be able to choose who we want to lead us. Whichever candidate gets the most votes wins and they become the new president of the United States. Not that  Electoral college is all bad its just when you vote you vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president of thier choice.

Citizens would be more likely to vote for their preisent if they felt like their vote would actually matter and have an effect on who the future president will be. People are less likely to participate or care if they feel like their vote doesnt matter and is taken up and not counted. If people knew that it was over popular vote that will decide the furture president then they're going to vote more and be more active when stuff like this takes place because they feel like their vote actually matters and is making a difference.

Electoral College is unfair to voters because "winner-take-all system" in each state.

Candidates dont spend much time trying to win the votes of a state they think isnt going to help them in the long run by winning. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all. This included Rhode Island, South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didnt see a single campaign ad. Electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational.

Bob Dole once said "Electorial college should be abolished" and from the looks of it he's not wrong. Richard Nixon and Jimmy Carter, the U.S. chamber of commerce, and the AFL-CIO are standing with Dole on this accusation and both agree on aboloishing this act. A Gallup poll was taken in 2000 and won the popular vote but lost the presidency. Over 60 percent of voters would perfer direct election over the kind we have now which is Electoral College.    