In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile", the author is describing a new technology, one that enables computers to identify human emotions. This could be valuable in the classroom for both a student and a teacher. Many teachers can find a hard time to deal with students because of things that could be going on at home. Teachers can find it hard to also help students if they don't know how they are feeling. Facial Action Coding system can help those teachers understand what a student is feeling.

For example, Sarah has a lot of family issues going on at home. She comes to school, doesn't feel like doing her work and her teacher want's to help her but doesn't know how to approach her. This technology can help the teacher get a better understanding on what Sarah is feeling and even ask her why she feels that certain emotion. This can build up a good relationship between a student and a teacher. A lot of students don't have good relationships with teachers because some teachers could say the wrong thing which leads to the student not wanting to say anything.

In paragraph 6 Dr. Huang states that "A classroom computer could recongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored", this also could a help a teacher to know what type of assignments or projects that she/he could give to the class so the students wouldnt be bored or confused. This could also give insight to the teacher on what she/he feels like they should do better in there lectures or what their teaching to the class.

In my personal expierence, I knew a lot of teachers who didn't know how to approach me because they either didn't know what to say or how to say the right thing. If my teachers had this type of technology built into the school computers and could see through their computer how student's and myself were feeling. I would have a much better relationship with most of my teachers because they would have known what I'm feeling, whether i'm feeling sad or angry.

In my conclusion, the Facial Acting Coding System would be valuable of students in a classroom because it could both help students and a teacher to be able to build a strong, trusting relationship and also giving insight to one another. This could help thousands of teachers worldwide on how they could help there students and also have a understanding on what they could change or learn in their classroom from a students facial expression.       