Preparing for the future is something everybody needs to do. With the right rules and restrictions during school, students may be pushed to their full potential and even learn life lessons! I agree with my principal and this policy that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average. Students must be well-rounded and prioritize their time well; and educations should always come first because it is the foundation for everything.

If this policy was permitted, it would ensure that education is the top priority. In planning for the future, colleges look for well-rounded students with good grades; if you are exceptional in another activity, that only helps more. You may be excellent at a sport, but if you get injured or just get old, what else do you have? Education stays with you forever, so that is the most important thing - especially when you are a kid and still growing and learning. If you have education as the foundation for all your other activities, how could you go wrong?

By activating this policy, it would also push students to work harder and set goals. A lot of the time, students don't really care about working as long as they have fun. People need to set goals in life in order to get things done. If you have nothing to work towards, what motivation do you have? If you really love a particular activity, but you don't have good grades, you would need to recognize the fact that you need to set a goal and work hard to get to that point. Setting goals and working hard are lessons kids need to learn in order to live as adults. The harsh reality is that students need to seize the opportunity to work hard so they can achieve their goals in general - and this policy would help them learn that.

Using this policy would also push students to prioritize their time. Bad grades are usually because students prefer doing other, more fun activities like watching television or playing video games. You don't really come across many kids doing homework for fun. But if students know that they would need at least a B average, they would start to plan their time more efficiently - a skill crucial to adult life.

"Shoot the for the moon. If you miss, you'll land among the stars." This quote by Mark Twain, I think, fits this prompt appropriately. Education is key to life - if you have a special activity or goal, but it doesn't work out in the end, you will always have education to back you up. Having an education opens up so many doors in life! I fully support this policy in the knowledge that it would push students to set goals, prioritize time, and work hard to achieve them.