The Impact of Emotional Expressions

Many of us whether in elemenatary, middle school, highschool, or even college can relate to the emotions we feel throughout the entire day of school. Many emotions tend to spark when we're learning a new lesson in class. It can range from happiness, sadness to confusion, frustration and etc. But, it isn't always visible to your friends, family and much less your teacher. So, by having the "Facial Action Coding System" we can really improve what the students are truly feeling when learning new teachings. It can really come into value when a student is feeling frustrated in class, it can improve grade point averages, and just the simple act of knowing how a person is really feeling can make a situation of learning much more efficent and valuable.

First and foremost, the "Facial Action Coding System" is a system that can be trusted into scanning and analyzing what students are truly emotionally expressing. They have had the experience of composing and making results for even paintings, and not just basic human behavior. For example, in the article it starts off with the analyzations of the different expressions being produced by Leonardo's Da Vinci's, "Mona Lisa"."She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry". This calculated emotional information from the new computer software can really dictate what even the Mona Lisa is feeling. By sighting this, students from all over the world can use this technological advancement to improve their emotional state while also being able to undertand.

Furthermore, the facial code recognition can specifically detect human emotions simply by muscle movement. In the text, it starts to give information on how a person's smile can be dipicted as being fake or not. "Meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crow's-feet around your eyes. But in a fake smile, the mouth is stretched sideways using zygomatic major". This specified information can also help in a classroom for when a student is trying to fake their emotions. By being able to differeniate whether a student is doing so or not, it can further help teachers with how they're teaching a lesson. For example, if a student is actually enjoying a lesson it can then be concluded by the teacher that it should make the lesson more understandable yet more energetic.

Lastly, having this type of facial technology can help in classes where showing facial expressions are essentiel in even passing a class. In the reading, it states how drama classes can be improved and be much more efficient when having the ability of having a facial code system to depict their certain emotions. "Moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them....A renowed drama couch, Constantin Stanislavsky, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage".

All in all, the Facial Action Coding System comes into value in many forms when being used in a school classroom in any certain grade level. Students from all over the world can be more understood and comprehended when they're not undertanding a lesson, when they're not enjoying a lesson, or simply want to be able to pass a course. Their facial expressions can be detected simply by their muscle movements as stated and tested by many universities and science collaborations who have been able to study these advancements. Facial expressions are universal, and should always come in importance when people are feeling a certain type of way. Human emotions can be complexed and even misunderstood at times. But, with this facial code, people can come together and be more sympthatic and empathatic with one another from all over the globe.   