In response to driverless car technology I am personally against it. I think there are certain things that we can't be lazy about, and I strongly believe driving is one of those things. Now I commend the enginers who have worked so hard on this facinating technology. But just because I think the invention is cool doesn't mean it is effective in our everyday lives. As great as technology is in the times we live in, it can always make a mistake. I think that risking people's lives by them not having to drive is a risk I wouldn't personally take. Yes, I do see how it would be nice getting to be driven around but it could only be a matter of time until mistakes start to arise.

A point I find very important to make is the danger with mishaps occurring. This isn't just the type of technology can have a small glitch and then be fine later on. If a small glitch were to happen with this technology and results can be devistating. Now I do know that these cars can signal to the driver to take over when something goes wrong, but sometimes it only take a split second and then its to late for anyone or anything to take over.

Another very important topic is the deal with the legal system and that just seems like problems on top of problems just waiting to happen. When I say, "the deal with the legal system" what I am refering to is who would be responsible for an accident? Would the blame go on the driver or rider you could say, or would it go to the manufacturer? Know I realize that laws would be put in place, but I can't help but feel that these laws would be in favor of the big companies that produce these machines.

What I have been trying to say is I have come to the conclusion that the list of cons on having a driverless car are much greater than the list of pros. One thing I am sure of is that if these cars do come out that they will be quite expensive, which might be a hidden blessing. What i mean but that is that while some people might be sad they can't afford this vehicle, they might actually be saving themselves from possible injury and complications. in the future I hope that if these vehicles become available to the public that people will seriously consider the risks before investing their money into a driverless car.          