It is possible that schools and their administrators want to know if their way of running the school and the activites they choose to do are in the best interest of their students. Children tend to not want to say much or tell the teachers how they really feel about a homework assignment or how boring their class really is. With the new technology called the Facial Action Coding System teachers and administrators can view how the students really feel about the way things are devised. This technology can perceive and recognize the subtle facial movements of humans based off a still image of the person. The Facial Action Coding System could be valuable to read students' emotional expresions in the classroom and help schools become more sufficient.

In the article the author says "if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow." Some type of software is seeing what one takes interest in and making it a priority to stay consistent. School could be the same way. If the Facial Action Coding System sees that during a specific activity or certain topic students are engaged and very pleased with the task, it could help the school follow up with those types of tasks more often. The author quotes Dr. Hang by saying "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." What Dr. Hang is initially saying is, if the computers have the asset of detecting if students are confused or having trouble the new technology could transfer that to teachers. He also says " Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human intstructor." Sometimes students have trouble asking the teacher for assistance. Or some things just may be too hard for them, but they will never say anything. With the help of the Facial Action Coding System, lessons can change to where as it approaches each student differently. This could possibly provide a boost to essential test scores for a school. However, not to say that the software could potentially read the emotions of others wrong, because in some cases humans tend to have a look on their face that contradicts their actual emotion. Not to mention the software is compared against a neutral face. That means that the software is going off of a blank expression extracting a emotion from it. But, that's what makes the Facial Action Coding System so unique and valuable because students often have blank expressions protrayed on their face anyhow.

All in all, the Facial Action Coding System could be a great value to assist instructors in reading students emotions in the classroom. Not only could it give a stepping stone to major test scores, but it could assist school becoming students best interest.                    