What has the work come to? When parents and grandparents were young, no one would have ever dreamed of such a thing. A driverless car is something that not many people thought they would see happening in their life time. Technology is going farther and farther.

They call it "catching up to the dream." Technology is starting to do some amazing things, but also doing some not so good things. Everyone always hears their parents or grandparents say " We didn't have that when I was a kid." The sad part is, it's true. Technology has come a long way since they were younger. They didn't use to have phones, gameboys, Xbox, or anything kids have now. In 2000 they did not have the technology to make a driverless car, but now in 2016. We do, we have all the technology needed. In fact we have too much technology. It's what our society runs on. Driverless cars will be a big hit, sadly.

It's amazing what people have come up with. Touch screens, cars with built-in wifi, cars that can stop themselves if in danger, and now driverless cars. A driverless car would be amazing if you're too tired to drive, but it could also lead to many accidents. People keep forgetting that technology can fail. If that technology fails, you could be in some serious danger. They say the car will have a way to keep you alert. The only way to be alert is if you're in control. People are getting lazy and this proves it. Everyone around the world have been driving for years upon years. They did not have any problems with it. If we were to tell our grandparents about a driverless car, you better bet they would go crazy and give you the speach about "when they were young..." for the hundredth time. I can agree that it's crazy. We should be at the point to let technology control everything. One day it may go to far. By then I hope I'm my grandparents age to give the speach about how it was when I was younger. Technology can be a great thing when it comes to researched. Technology can also be a bad thing because it's taking over and kids now have iPhones at 6 years old. They should be outside with water balloons or playing ball.

Driverless cars aren't a good idea. That's just another thing to show kids how to not be kids. Honestly, let technology stay where its at for a little longer. I'm a teenager and I dread the day technology is all people car about. I know parents that are on their phones more than their kids and their kids would give anything for their parents to ask how their day was or even talk to them. Driverless cars is just another thing that will lead to more and more lazy things. I rather actually have to learn to drive than to have a car drive for me. What's the fun in that? There is none.

I know people will keep making bigger and "better" things, but a driverless car will cause more wrecks than there already is. Which means mor lives that will be taken. Technology fails. Driverless cars can too.