Summer vacation is a time where many students travel, have fun, or simply relax. Many times students have to do school work in order to continue their learning process. The best way to continue their learning process during break is with student-designed projects. Although teacher- designed projects are more organized and simple to follow, student- designed projects enhances their thinking and organizational skill. When students create their own projects it becomes easier for them to fit in their schedule. With them being able to create their own projects, it also allows them to enjoy what they are doing.

To begin, student-designed projects makes it easier for students to fit in their busy schedule. A good amount of students are really busy during break, for example, many students travel or are in competative sports. Some, during travel, do not have easy access to utensils they might need for reasearch during a teacher-designed project. Student- designed projects allows them to do general research like, interviewing someone from france, or looking at a famous painting. It will not over complicate or stress students during ,or returning from travel. It makes it easy to commute with students who have busy schedules.

Secondly, it will also allow them to enjoy the project. Many teacher based projects are about topics students do not like, or are intrested in. With student-designed projects are free to choose what interest them the most. It does not just allow them to have fun but also lets them embrace their own personalities, For example, projects can be about music, art, sports, or even diversity it self. Things will be less difficult for students and will bring a sense of diversity to each individual project. Student-designed projects will allow them to have fun and embrace themselves while doing it.

To conclude, Summer vacation is one of the best vacations in school. Sometimes students are put in charge of completing tasks while on vacation, to ensure that they continue to learn. Student- designed projects are the best way of doing so. It makes it easier for students with busy schedules and allows them to enjoy what they are doing. Summer vacation is a time to have fun, so why not contiune the fun with student-designed projects.        