Phones and Driving

Now that everyone has a cell phone, usage while driving is common. People are multitasking ang doing all sorts of work things, like calling, emailing, and texting while driving. I do not believe that cell phones should be used while driving in any capacity. I believe this because safety and focus are extremely important and there are enough distractions without adding any more.

Cars can be very dangerous. It's very important to be safe always. At any given time throughout the day, approximately 660,000 are attempting to use phones while behind the wheel of a vehicle. Phones have connected us at all times. But that can cause serious safety risks if someone decides to check his or her text messages, emails, phone calls, or any other mobile applications while driving.

Distracted driving is one of the fastest growing safety issues. According to the (NHTSA), 3,477 people were killed and estimated 391,000 people were injured on U.S. roadways in 2015 because of distracted drivers. Distracted driving is doing another activity while driving. This takes driver's attention away from the primary task of driving and increases the risks of crashing. Common distractions are not limited to talking on a cell phone, texting, reading, eating, grooming, using a navigation device, and turning the radio.

The presence of a passengers and animals can also increase crash risk. Georgia law requires drivers to care in driving a vehicle and prohibits any action that distracts the driver from the safe operation of such vehicle. Georgia has a new Hands-Free Law that mandates that drivers are not allowed to hold or support a phone for any reason. A phone can only be used with headphones, a wireless device, phone holder or mounted device. Penalties are fines and points added to your driving record that increase for each conviction.

All drivers regardless of age are prohibited from reading, writing, or sending a text message while driving. This ban applies to any texting while driving. Exceptions are provided for emergency personnel, drivers responding to emergencies, and drivers who are fully parked. A conviction for either violation will result in the accumulation of one point on driving record. Texting while driving is illegal and can result in death.         