Venus is the second closest planet to the sun. Many people would find a planet like this an intersting topic of research to pursue. In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" is about the planet Venus and all of it's glory. This article is about people who want to explor the planet Venus. They believe exploring Venus is a mission that is worthy to be pursued. This essay will include, the study of Venus, the pursuit in exploring this planet, and the dangers that could occur traveling to Venus.

Venus is known as the Earth's twin because of the density and size of both planets. They both are very alike to one another. Because the two planets are very similar, astronmers are facinated by this thought of traveling to another planet that Earth. In the article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus",

the author says, "These conditions are far more exterme than anything humans encounter on Earth; such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." (paragraph 3). The author has done research on this topic for some time and he realizes that Venus's atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater. than on Earth. The author finds this planet very different from the planet we live on now. And is far more dangerous and fascinating than other planets.

Many people have done research on this planet because most astronomers want to see this new planet and experience all of its differences. If the astronomers traveled to this new planet, they are predicting that they will be able to survive when going there. The tempeture in Venus will be very "toasty" because this planet is very close to the sun and that is one of the variables the researchers are trying to get around to. In this article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", it says, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray. Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfreindly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way." (paragraph 5). In this quote, NASA is trying to find solutions on how to get to Venus in a very safe manner. They know that tempetures will be very hot almost to 200 degrees Fahrenheit, but they asume it will be survivable for humans.

Going on this trip will be very dangerous because of high tempetures and the situation at hand. There are many dangerous ahead in this traveling experience if they proceed in taking action. Travelers believe that it will be an experience that they will not regret and they are excited to learn more about this planet even if it is very dangerous they still want to proceed in this event. In this article, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author says, "Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges. Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." (paragraph 6).In this quote, the author proceeds in saying that travelers are already too deep into this research that they have already found solutions and they have already thought of occuring problems that they are now trying to fix before they take action. A couple of their concerns are when they are close to Venus, the tempetures will be rising which is a very frightning thought for these explorers. But they are keeping their heads ups and continuing their research and expirementing solutions.

Exploring Venus is a very big task for these explorers. Having this challenge for them is encouraging and everytime they find something new about this planet, it makes them want to keep dipping and finding more new things about this planet. These explorers find joy in this research on Venus and all of the differences when comparing Venus to Earth. These explorers might be going into some trouble when planning on traveling to Venus, but that doesn't matter to them. They want to explor this planet even if it is dangerous or unrealistic. They will keep searching for a reasonable solution for this journey.  