In most cases computers help you with math or looking up an answer. But now a days computers are getting more advanced like being able to change a masterpeice made by

Da Vinci. That would be something that could draw the bored kids in. Even the confused student's who dont ask for help could beneifit from a more advanced technologly. Most lessons are drawn out and very long which makes me want to put my attenton else where, then what im post to be focused on. If a computer could recognize when I was confused or bored that would benifit me and my teacher.

That would put me in a better place of learning and being focused. If I and my fellow peirs was actully happy about learning I feel our mind would lock more stuff in. Sometimes it goes in one ear and out the other. But this wouldn't just help school students. This could be used to help a seller of a video game. When most people play games after while its not as fun. When the Facial Action Coding System enables the game can reboot itself to be more interesting and keep that person interested to buy and play more of that same game. Just like in school I would come back more ready then ever if I had something not boring to look forward to. Not even helping the every day life this could be a grate value to the discovery of the human muscles. Showing how your muscles in your face come together and make that facial expression. Like the example given in the story the Zygomatic major ( muscles that begin at youR cheek bones) lift the corners of your mouth. Using the computer you can find out what helps the cheecks rise up.

Im getting to off topic just wanted to show other ways that this coumputer can be helpful. The students would be more prepared for test and examines like iSTEP, SATS,and ECAS. if the lecture was more intersting to grasp the consept that is be taught to me or anyone. Like Dr. Huang said " faces don't lie" if my face expression is happy im locked into my studies and ready to learn. But if I'm bored I get right on my phone so can find that spark. I now by being a student other students feel this way this could make life so much easier to actully feel like you learned something today. So this more advancd computer will definitly help students and the work environment there in.