Distance learning is valuable because not every student is capable of being in a school setting for a number of reasons. Distance learning is online schooling, homeschooling or paid programs like K-12. Online school is exactly like regular school, there's a specific time you need to be online with your instructors, same thing with programs like K-12, you have a specific time to get all things in just like you would in public or private schools. There's many reasons students need to be enrolled in these types of programs, like severe social anxiety, learning disabilities, or health issues. A plethora students across the world face different stipulations than others, like being born with a learning disability.

Many parents strive to enroll their children with learning disabilities into a public school so they wouldn't feel like they don't belong or they're not normal. But some parents take a step back and realize that bullying is a huge issue in public schools, and they don't want them to be exposed to hate or even the unnecessary pressures from learning, that the student wouldn't face if they learned from home. The social and educational stress that is put upon students in public schools is another reason why online schooling would be a good option for students that have severe social anxiety. I have been in a class with a student that was diagnosed with severe anxiety disorder, and every time that I would see her, which wasn't often, she would be nauseous or very confused and eager to leave quickly, which led me to believe students with anxiety disorders should be working from home where they are the most comfortable. Seeing someone struggle with being around just a small class of 22 people, made me feel as though online schooling is something certain students really depend on.

Homeschooling by a in home instructor, like a parent or guardian, is another option taken by a number of parents for various reasons. Homeschooling is a great option for parents that don't want students to be exposed of the things that they may have went through when they were a child or the ones that don't want their children's lives to revolve around just school from ages 6 to 18, so they can learn various different skills and show their more creative side. Celebrities like Billie Eilish or Finneas O'Connell, can attest to the fact that homeschooling was something that they feel as though was one of the best things their parents could've done for them. They were able to grow up with the freedom of expression for their creativity and hobbies without the pressures of school being the #1 priority in their lives. Some students never really get to emit or expand upon their talents because school is told to be one of the most important aspects of your lives, and if you don't do well, you'll never succeed in life.

Distance learning is like a god send to the students that crack under the pressure of school and the high expectations that come with it like your social status. With growing up comes the many mistakes you make while growing. Trusting the wrong people, being surrounded with the wrong crowd or just putting yourself in compromising positions are all things that can lead to someone never wanting to go back to a public school. I've witnessed a number of girls in my class get their nude photos exposed to the school because they trusted the wrong person with their body. That kind of backlash and bullying made them enroll into online courses until they felt comfortable with easing back into a public setting. Being able to enroll into online school during such a low point in their lives, could've saved them from wanting to commit suicide or harm themselves if they had to stay and deal with the bullying they faced.

County's that offer distance learning are doing thousands of kids justice by letting them learn at their own pace comfortably. Distance learning could save so many lives and help many others. I truly believe that letting a child progress at their own pace instead of expecting them to be able to run the same race the same way and finish at the same time as hundreds of other students, is an amazing thing. Letting a child be comfortable and able to take care of their health and mental health while being educated is something that should be an open option for those who really need it. Being educated is a key part in what path you will walk through in life, and distance learning is that first step into that path a student will walk through. 