Have you ever wondered why people text and drive? Texting and driving is dangerous and can cause trouble, not only for yourself but for other people. I think people should not be able to use cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

According to www. thezebra. com/texting-and-driving-statstics/ "Use of a cell phone while driving caused an estimated 1.5 million car accidents in 2017". This shows that 2 years ago a lot of people were using cellphones while driving .I feel as if the government could have a system where they can detect phones while people are driving , which means officers can look in drivers cars and doesn't have to be there physically. I think this idea will help people stay focused on the road more and can help other drivers stay safe.

I also think people should not be able to use a cellphone in capacity while operating a vehicle because if you are focused on your phone and your at a stop , you can hold up traffic and you can get a ticket for holding up traffic. According to www. google. com "a traffic ticket is $70 to $400 depending on your state law and or drivers records'.If you have a bad driver's record and have unpaid tickets you will have to spend time in jail, pay fines, and your licences can get suspended.

I was doing some research about texting and driving and according to www. google. com 49% american adults admit to texting and driving, and 90% of american adults know texting and driving is dangerous. Some people know how to drive and the consequences behind texting and driving and there are still car accidents pertaining a cell phone. With the technology today , there are still accidents that could have been prevented and that were involved with a cellphone.

In other words i feel as if drivers should not be able to use cellphones while driving because people can get into accidents and get harmed or possibly die from it. I also feel like if people are on their phone while driving it distracts them and they can hold up traffic and and get traffic tickets .Last but not least , people know they shouldn't text and drive and still do it . Society now and days know wrong from right but do the opposite .

My advice to people who text and drive ,is to stop texting and driving , if you need to use ur phone while on the road, make sure you have a passenger that can help with you.                     