Some people agree with making students participate in extracurricular activities instead of letting the students stay home and do what they want to. This is wrong and cause many problems. I disagree with making students participate in extracurricular activities because students may not have time to participate in these activities, they may not be interested in the activities that their school provides, and they may not be able to complete school assignments.

The first point is that students may not have time for these activities. For instance, students could be participating in other events that are not provided by the school. If students tried to participate in both activities, one could get in the way of another and cause issues. Students may also miss the activities because they are spending time with their families. If they were forced to go to these activities, they could loose the time they would be spending with their family by participating in the activities. Another problem that could occur is the parents not having the time to take their children their activities. This could be cause by work or any other event that the parents must attend.

The next point is that students may not be interested in the activities that their school provides. This could be because the school may not have many activities. If the school does not have many activities, some students will be left out and forced to choose one that they do not want to participate in. Another reason could be that the school does not have the money for specific activities. For example, a student may want to participate in wrestling, but the school cannot provide the needed gear and mats. This would mean that the student cannot participate in an activity that they would like to participate in.

The final point is that students may not be able to complete assignments. If a student has a very important test that they must take, they have to study for it. If the student cannot study for tests, they may get a poor grade. Students may also have projects or homework that must be completed. If they do not complete these things, the student's grade could fall and they would have to work harder to raise it. If they still did not have the time to work extra because of the required activity, they could suffer from an even poorer grade.

In conclusion, students should not be required to participate in extracurricular activities because students may not have time to participate in these activities, they may not be interested in the activities that their school provides, and they may not be able to complete school assignments. If students are required to participate in these activities, many problems could arise.    