In our world, many school are now requiring students to complete their summer projects so they could assure them to continue learning during their break. However, now they having a troubling tie deciding if school projects should be teacher-designed, or student-designed. The two controversy bias options have been growing in demand deciding which one would further help students with their academics. Summer projects should be student-designed because students will be able to choose a project that appeals to them and be able to continue learning about.

School projects should be considered to be student designed because students will be able to choose their own project that should appeal to them. If students don't get to choose and project they want, how will they even be motivated to learn about it? Students should able to find a project that is considered enough for them to work on, so they could be motivated enough to study. This then, help the students to learn more about their project and also help them conduct their own experiment with them, and finally this can help them to present their work showing what they have done. For example; if say a person chooses to a mini volcano project, he would first have to find out how to make it, then he have to study about how it works, and finally how will he summarize it on what id does or how an eruptions occurs. This can give a great start on what they choose to do or plans to do.

Next, school projects should be student-designed because students will be able to share and present their projects in class. This can help benefit both the students and teachers because the students are showing knowledge about their project, while teachers administer them to see what they have learned about. In the end, this will let teachers and school that student-designed projects are much more beneficial than teacher- designed projects. This can soon increase the chance's of choosing school-designed projects over the next couple decades. Leaning towards the future, many students will continue this and succeed in their academic or future jobs.

Students projects should be teacher designed to many students because teachers can choose project's they choose for their class and teachers can decide how tough they should be. However, if the teachers do decide to do this, the students will then not be able to understand what to do, they will not be able to do the project, and they can be very relectutant enough to do the project. Instead, what the schools' can do is let the projects be student-designed so, students will be able to choose a project that appeals to them and be able to continue learning about. From this, many students would work on their projects, be motivated and end up work as hard as they can to do well in their academics. This will soon give a bright future towards all the students and a time for all the teachers to relax.

In conclusion, schools should decide school projects should be student-designed because students will be able to choose a project that appeals to them and for them to be able to continue learning about. Towards the end, this bring's up students grades, achieve their dream goals, and help them and their school for choosing the right choice of what they have to do for the students school projects. This will then do a better job of taking care of the students and helping them retain their knowledge over break in a better manner than teacher-designed projects. In the other hand students than can support each other in taking in these projects and move further on working as groups or working in a competitive way, seeing who will get the better made. In the end, towards everything this new decision should be able to help everyone world widely.