I think cell phones should be banned while driving. In the society now cell phones are very popular. People have a habit of texting while they are driving. Texting while driving is very dangerous because you don't know may happen. You may have a car wreck, lose concentration, run off the road,etc. Cell phones have many disadvantages when texting while driving somewhere. That's why I think cell phones should be banned from driving.

However using a cell phone while driving should be illegal because you should be aware of yourself and the people around you. For example, if you get a text message from someone you can't pay attention to the road and to your phone. You can put many people lives under risk. Majority of the people will continue to do it even if they ban cell phones while driving. Some people don't see nothing wrong with texting while driving.

Their are many negative effects of texting while driving. Reading and responding to someone message makes the driver not pay attention to the road. Most people spend most of their time riding on the outside the white line. So therefore doing that activity is very harmful to the whole population. All states should make it against the law to use cell phones while driving. Some people may think they can text while they are driving and not think that it is very dangerous. However, people have to learn from their own mistakes for them to learn.

Innocent people lives are being taken because of someone else mistakes. People don't seem to notice how careless they could be while their driving. You don't necessarily have to be texting someone. For example you could be taking pictures, doing something to your radio, watching a video, etc. That's why I think using cell phones while driving should be against the law.

In conclusion, texting while driving is one of the biggest problems in the world. I think people should leave their phone alone while driving. However, you should pay more attention to driving instead of being on your phone. Where I live it is a 50 dollar law. That's why I think it should become a law all over the United States.      