There are over 1,000 students who are required to complete summer assignments. There are the ones who do complete the summer assignments and the ones who do not complete the summer assignments. Many believe that the summer assignments are to difficult to complete and even question if the summer assignments should really be teacher-designed or changed to make it student-designed. However, others believe that they should keep the summer assignments the way they are and keep it teacher-designed and not make it student-designed or else it would be to easy. With all of this information in mind, the summer assignment should be teacher-designed because they make people think on how a problem should be solved, they make them ready for a challenging situation, and they help people retain lost information.

One reason to have the summer assignments teacher-designed, is so people think about how a problem is solved. Teacher-designed summer assignments ask difficult questions to help students not to make student think that they can not do the summer assignment. This helps students by making them think instead of giving them a simple multiple or addition question. It challenges the mind and creates a path of emotions along the way; but when people finish, it is the most satisfying thing in the whole universe. Then afterwards, being able to share the experience with people, makes others want to do it to or do something more complex. Having teachers design problems, that make people think, can change people's life. This is true for one girl, named Generic_Name, who had a teacher give her a summer assignment that for math. As she was doing the summer assignment, she found a question that was difficult and complex to the point where she didn't understand how to do it. However, she decided she would figure it out and complete the summer assignment, in which she did, by using the formula and topics she already knew and by looking some stuff up, she was able to complete the question and get a perfect score on her summer assignment.

Having a teacher-designed summer assignment can make people ready for a Challenging situation. By completing the summer assignments, it shows that some students can handle challenging and complex problems and situations. Some of the problems on a summer assignment could be seen in the real world; so by finishing those problems it makes people ready for success in the real world. For example, If a teacher were to give a student a summer assignment dealing with math, and one of the questions on the assignment was complex and difficult but that student was able to figure it out from past knowledge, then when the student is an adult and ends up seeing that question again the student would be able to figure it out and would get the satisfaction of completing it. So even if a problem is challenging on a summer assignment, completing it and getting the right answer will make people successful in the future.

In contrast to that, there are people who end up solving the difficult problems and go through the challenges of a summer assignment, but they either never end up using that advantage or just forget it altogether. However, there are people who never forget the problems on a summer assignment because writing it and doing the problem without cheating or giving up helps people remember the problems. Completing the summer assignment also helps people retain information for the following school year. For some students once the school year is over they forget everything they learned and end up having to catch up once they get back in school. But having teacher-designed summer assignments helps students get the information they need to know for the following school year not just random information from several years ago.

With teacher-designed summer assignments, students would do fantastic throughout the school year than if they were given student-designed summer assignments. They would be able to accurately use the information they have and think about the problems. They would be able to experience the difficulty of the problems and experience the satisfaction of completing a complex problem. They also would be able to bring back forgotten information that they need for the following school year or for their future. So having a teacher-designed summer assignment rather than a student-designed summer assignment would be better; not just for students, but teachers as well.