Majority of humans own a cell phone and use on a daily basis . Cell phones are useful for many things now, like to call , text, using GPS or maps , searching things up. Cell phones are easier to use and can be taken anywhere. Nowadays people start to use cell phones while driving which is dangerous. Drivers shouldn't be able to use their phones because it distracts you from safe driving.

When driving and texting at the same time you may put other people in danger. You putting those people in danger because your not paying attention on what's going on. In those few seconds of you looking at your phone you wouldn't know what could happen.

You can hit someone thats walking or you may hit another car if its stopped or if its moving. You also prevent another car get into an accident. You can also end up going on to the other lanes without you noticing.

Driving and texting in the car alone is putting yourself in danger. Your calling and texting , it don't matter what your doing your not knowing what's going on in the few seconds that your distracted. By you looking at your phone you can run a red light which would also get you in trouble, you'll get a ticket for running the red light. You running the red light could make you cause an accident with the other cars that are moving or the ones that are stopped, or may cause another car in an accident.

Drivers with passengers wouldn't be safe either. You are most likely to cause more people in danger. With so many people in the car you could be more distracted with your phone and with the passengers in the car. Most likely drivers that text and drive and have passengers with them are the ones who get in the worst accidents. The driver could run into a building, run red lights, crash into other cars, move to another lane because they distracted. Most of the times the passengers get hurt in the accidents not the driver but there may be a point where everyone does.

Most of the humans now own a cell phone and use on a daily basis. Most people drive and text which shouldn't be allowed. Its increasing a risk on not getting into an accident or for anything to happen. Drivers should just focus on the road and not their phones. So drivers shouldn't drive and use their phones because the drivers, other people, and passengers may get hurt.    