Driverless cars

You may think that driverless cars are good but I think that driverless cars are senseless I wouldnt want that I would want to drive my car myself. I waited a long time to get my driving license and drive my own car but no they had to come up with the diverless car and make all the other cars seem useless. Im going to figure out what makes this car so good, and see if would come in handy because its alot of people are craveing this car.

This car seem so crazy because what if my car startes to act all crazy and catch on fire what am i going to do im waisted my money and time on that car and it would be hard to buy a new one . I think we should all this stick with the cars we are use to. Because when you get this car you wont know what to do, and most people dont read manual to cars they just say they figure it out on their own. Once they try that they end up messing something up and having to spend more money on getting it fixed.

The car may come in handy because they have senseors even though sensors are nothing new they help stop the car like when the person driving the car hits the brake the brake sensors each wheel to ruduce speed so the human can gain controll over his or her car again. It can help older people to like when they arent suppose to be driving. This car is like having a driving assistant. They dont wont need to drive the car would drive by its self that would be good for some old people that like to get out a lot.

Most drivers focus on keeping the riders saft but it this car is a smart car so if they had a accident the car can prevent it from happening. In some staes this car is not saft for people to drive so the car comapany must prove that the car is saft.

if some one gets injured in that car should it be the manufacturer fault or should it be the drivers fault i think that it should be the manufacturer fault because they built they car and i should feel saft I it.

Overall i dont that this car is smart to build because i wouldnt feel saft in it.

I think they should come up with another idea for a car because if a lot of people get hurt it that car they might end up bankrupt and sewd so bad that they would have to close down there shop and just start their retirement. This car seem very senseless and I wouldnt buy it.   