My friend is home schooled because she use to get bullied a lot so she wanted to drop out, she could'nt deal with it anymore. Her counselor gave her a better option taking online classes because she had very good grades and she wanted her to graduate and have a good future. In some schools they offer distant learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think getting home schooled is a good benefit for students who have situations at school, for student drop outs, and it's easier and quicker.

The primary reason on why it's a good benefit, it's that it helps you if you have bad situations at school such as you always get into fights with other students, you are getting harassed or bullied, you have problems with your teachers, or you think you're wasting your time and you could be working and getting money. Having online classes can help you stay out of trouble or helps you stop what ever you are dealing with. Not only it stops the situation but can help you improve and graduating with no problem. If you are having problems talk to your counselor and ask for a possibility for online classes or your parents if you can get home schooled.

Secondly, it benefits the students who are dropping out of school. Most of the students who are dropping out are for financial reasons like, they want to help there family so, they drop out and start working or some teens get pregnant at a young age and there parents most likely they dont support them or help them in anything that they need so, it causes them to drop out. It helps them further there knowledge and can possibly get a better job. It makes them feel happy knowing they can finish school because they know they already making a decision by dropping out but they can still graduate by taking online classes. I remember when i was at student counseling aide and one day a student came to ask me where should he leave his laptop because he was planning to drop out, he looked upset. Generic_Name ask him why? he answered "i wanna help my family out they dont have any money right now" she gave him an option for online classes he didnt know it was possible to do that and It made him happy.

Finally, getting home schooled is easier and quicker. You can take your classes when ever you are free. If you need to take a break, you can and continue when ever you are ready. it's non-stressful comparing to regular school. Its proven that getting home schooled its less stressful than regular school. Generic_Name is a science teacher at SCHOOL_NAME he said "88% students are stressed about school because of homework and not having to finish assignments on time". He also said "only 5% are stressed when they are home schooled". In conclusion, it's less stressful and help you feel non-pressured while you are taking your online classes. It also, gives you free time and gives you advantage to do what ever you like. You get to be home and relax wake up when ever you like to, do your classes take brakes if you would like to, too me it sounds amazing!

Some people might say that getting home schooled is bad because if you have any questions you dont have a teacher to ask or a physical teacher to help you understand the topic you are learning about but it's a one on one class. There's no students just you and your instructor, it helps you focus which i personally think it will help you more comparing sitting in a class room with your friends not paying attention, playing around or not getting work done. I think it's a good benefit having online classes because it helps with people who have bad situations at school, people who are planning to drop out and its a fast and easier way to get your classes done.