Driverless cars would be a positive advancement in our modern society because they'll be safe, cheap, and helpful for people.

These high-tech cars, once fully developed, could be much safer than current buses or taxis. Driverless cars would be completly covered in sensors, as stated in chapter 4, "Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an inertial motion sensor." using Google's mostly-driverless car as an example. These sensors provide a, "constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings." which could be programmed to be much more aware than human eyes. Sensors have been around for a while, and could provide lots of safety once fully developed.

The driverless cars would also be cheaper and more earth-friendly in the long run. In chapter 1, it says, "The car he (Sergey Brin) foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis..." which is a big statement. In North America gas prices are constantly fluctuating but are generally considered to be quite high. These cars, using half the gas of current taxis, will be a good deal versus current gas prices. If these cars do become the majority of transportation, some people will also stop buying their own cars, which is a huge investment. Plus, using less gas will lead to a healthier enviornment. Driverless cars will eliminate the hefty gas-usage and large money investments.

Finally, driverless cars will be helpful in their convienience for people. Many people get into car crashes because they aren't paying full attention to the road- they try to do other things while driving. In a driverless car, multitaskers would no longer have to strain focus between their own task and driving, they would be able to focus only on what they wanted to do. Anyone who couldn't pay full attention to the road- due to work needs, an ailment, anything, wouldn't have to worry about the risk of driving without their full attention. The driverless cars would be highly convienient for people.

Driverless cars, though they have a long way to go, would be a good investment for the future. They offer safety in new forms with sensors, are cheaper because of the use of less gas, and will be convienient and helpful to humans. 