One hundred years ago inovators wouldn't have dreamed of inventing driverless cars. The very thought of an automobile being able to drive itself would have been a feet only the gods could do. In the twentieth century, though, technology has advanced more and more each day and that includes this mind boggling idea. Many would say that driverless cars are unsafe and would needlessly use up time and energy but the truth of the matter is, driverless cars are our doorway to another world of inventions that could not only benefit our daily lives but save others as well.

Inovators around the globe agree that self-driving cars are, at least, a great accomplishment for humanity. Until 2009 cars, such as these, did not even exist; because of the brillant minds of many amazing inovators, we can now say that humans are one step closer to a new type of world that doesn't have to involve death because of irresponsible and reckless drivers. In the passage "Driverless Car are Coming" the author even states that "The in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern." Of course the author is right, but what about all the sensors cars like these would come equipped with? Many say that these cars would lead to disaster and countless car accidents but, in fact, these cars are safer than any other we have seen before.

Although we are not quite ready for driverless cars to be driven around town, inventions, such as these, are what make our civilization so unique. Self-driving cars are not only impressive because of how complicated they are, but the idea that someone could have to think that these cars could be made possible. Driverles cars are safe and might include back-up options in case something goes wrong and the driver needs to steer. Law-makers feel these automobiles cannot be safely driven around other individuals but they have obviously not looked into how able these cars actually are. These cars are what gives us a chance at other inventions that we cannot even fathom down the road. These automobiles are what will insure that our futures may be just a bit brighter because of these self-abled cars. 