Principals make a lot of decisions on how to make sure their students give or get a good impression in life, so they could further their career in what they want to study or major in. Therefore, it was a decision made by our principal that all the of students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity. For example, a cooking club or a athletic sport or anything that your interested in that you do on the daily. Finding a after school activity isnt hard as you think it could be when you think about it. After school activities are just clubs or sports that are things you in enjoy doing in your free time. Students involving them self in a after school activity could be great a decision because it gives a good look on your college application, help students find out what their interested in, and challenge's students to learn how to manage grades and an extracurricular activity.

When your applying for college applications, you want to have at least one or two extracurricular activities. Especially, if your applying to a very high standard school, like Harvard or Yale. However, if you put those academic activities on your application you could most likely get in to the school that your applying for. Most of the colleges now a days look for people who have good grades and a great minimum of extracurricular activities because they want to see if the person isnt all about grades and can do other activities at the same time. Also, they look to see if you have anything that relates to their major or study. As a result, if you do those after school activities it can be helpful in your college application part.

Having to pick out a after school activity can be stressful when dont have a any hobbies or even know what your interested in. However, picking out a activity can exactly be easy because its something that you enjoy doing on a daily bases. When you pick out a academic club or sport and enjoy that activity it helps whether or not thats what you could be or major in life. For example, you take a cooking class and you enjoy everything about the club, so you might feel like you want to have career in cooking and be a chief. Lastly, taking an after school activity can help you find out what you might want to be in the future.

Being organize in school can be a challenge when your trying to balance grades and after school activities. Likewise, its an advantage because it shows you how to practice your organization skills. Also, keeps up the pressure of balancing both at the same time. Especially, when you have to keep up your grades to participate in the club or sport your in for school. However, it can help you because it makes sure that you can pass all your classes and go on to the next grade or even graduate. This is what colleges like to see because they see that you can take on anything that they throw at you and that your a multitask er.

Students involving themselves in a extracurricular activity is a great decisions because it gives a good look on a college application, helps students find out what their interest are, and challenges students with its grades and after school activity. Helps students get into their dream college for their future life to become successful. When students can find out what their interest is, so they can turn the into a hobbies and have a career off of it. Shows students on how to manage grades and after school activities, keep up the organization skills. Those advantages can be why you should agree the principal on that every students need to participate in one extracurricular activity.