Dear Principal,

I have heard that you are reconsidering your school's cell phone policy. One of your considerations is not to not allow phones at all, the other is to allow cell phones during break periods or lunch. After careful consideration, I have concluded that the second would be the best. You should allow phones to be used during non-class time because it will increase your good reputation among students, not allowing cell-phones at all would be to hard to enforce, and cell phones are an important part of our society today.

First, every president has an approval rating. So should you. Would you rather have a school full of people that hate you or who think your awesome. It's really your choice. Allowing cell phones would send your approval rating through the roof among students. Also, teachers use their cell phones during break times and lunch, so would you like to be known as a hypocrite. Everybody would be happier with you if you allowed cell phones.

Next, not allowing cell phones would be the hardest rule you've ever had to enforce. Everybody would still bring them to school. Would you check everybody you see. Would you dig through back packs and pockets to find the hidden "contraband".

Parents will send them with their kids to call when they need to be picked up, in case of an emergency, or if they walk to school to call when they get there. Plus what would students do with them. I go to the skate park before school and I always use it when I'm there. I also don't go straight home after school, so what am I supposed to do when my mom asks me to call her. Do you want me to hide it or bury it and come back for it after school.

Finally, cell phones make up an important part of today's society. Information at you finger tips, when and what ever you need. Most people have them to call or text. Many people have smart phones they can get online with. Asking people to abandon that information would be like asking people to give up eating. Cell phones and voice mail are replacing secretaries. They are always being used. Would you ask us to give that up.

Allowing cell phones to be used at school during breaks, as opposed to not allowing them at all at school is the best decision you could make as a principal. Cell phones are an important part of our daily lives. Plus, would you check everybody to make sure they don't have a cell phone. I don't think you would do that. Please Mr. Principal allow us, your students,

to use our cell phones.

Thank you,

STUDENT_NAME