Having technology to read students' emotions is awesome technology and should be used in todays society.

It all starts when Prof. Thomas Huang started working with Prof. Nicu Sebe to develop better ways for humans and computers to communicate. The computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; it uses your face muscles to identify what you are feeling at that moment. Dr. Pual Eckman created this new software called FACS (Facial Action Coding System). He classified six basic emotions -happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, sadness.

By having this kind of technology, teachers, parents, bosses, coaches, etc.. can see what their child/student is feeling, also what their learning; some people dont like talking about their feelings or their grades. So when people you trust know whats going on with you without you telling them is way easier. With the knowing, now they can get you the help you need because obviously you're scared to get help on your own.

All children around the world are going through something in their lives, fear, sadness, anger, boredem, confusion. When children become sad for long periods of time, they become depressed, which leads to substance abuse, isolating themselves from others, eating disorders, and injuring themselves by suicided or cutting. When children become angry this effects their learning and they start to become confused on what their learning in school so some of them drop put but, dropping out isnt always your best option, in fact; dropping out isnt a good option at all.

"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored" Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor"- this helps children get to a learning point in school where they can understand basic tools in life, if a child does not know what they're doing and they dont want to feel embarrssed telling the teacher then the computer can identify that and help them and know one else will know so they have no reason to be embaressed.

Using a commputer to generate your emotions is unbelieable and should be used today. By using this technology it could prevent students from doing things they might regret in the future, and helping them succeed in life through not only schooling but living on their own when their older and getting a job, knowing what to do within their occupations. 