Do you go to other people for help or for advice when in a situation or problem? Whenever I am in the middle of a problem I always go to my friends, maybe even my mom. My mom makes me look at the problem at a different perspective. However, my friends help me solve the problem. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, for example, better knowledge, stronger reason of choice, and different perspective.

When someone gives you advice they either have been in the same situation or they must just be a little wiser. They have better knowledge and can help you make your choice. If you don't know much then you can make a choice and it may not have been the best. In my opinion, going to someone else for advice knowing they've been where you are right now and they are willing to help you not make a bad decision I would listen to them. Depending on the situation your in, it may or may not be the best choice, but it's something to keep in mind.

People have different opinions. One you can agree with and the other you might not agree with. But the more the people give you their opinions the more of a stronger and more firm choice you'll make. The choices you make have consequences. And if someone had already done that and there were bad outcomes. Then you probably don't want to follow in the same steps.

There are different perspectives in everything. You only look at it in the perspective you want to look at it by. Like how someone wants you to do track but you don't want to because your scared and don't think your good enough. Someone can tell you that you will get better at it by practicing and that they are as well scared but are willing to try it because they like running and so do you. So looking at it in a different point of view can help you make your choice.

These three examples, better knowledge, different perspective, and stronger reason of choice, could help you a lot when making a choice. Sometimes listening to yourself is the best choice. However, you don't want to make your own decision making when you do not have enough knowledge, it can be very stressful. But in most cases seeking advice is the best way to go. Just make sure your comfortable with your choice and nobody forces it onto you because they are "wiser".