The conspiracy about aliens has been starting to go too far. An isolated mesa was found on Mars, but when its picture was taken, it looked like a face. The conspiracy theorists have been thinking that that's the proof that there's life on Mars, but they're wrong. The picture was taken in 2001, which means it was very detailed, so it would've been obvious if there were any tombs or buildings surrounding the mesa. Also, it only looks like a face because of it shadows. The shadows actually shape it into a face. Finally, if it was actually a sign for alien life, it would've profited NASA, so there wouldn't be a point in hiding the "truth" that the conspiracy theorists believe. These all show that the Face is just an ordinary rock.

The last picture of the Face was taken in 2001. This was a very detailed picture, even for being taken so long ago. Each pixel in the image was equal to 1.56 meters in real life. This means that any other nearby buildings or tombs would've been seen near the rock. There weren't any buildings or any sign of actual alien life nearby, so the picture at least proved that the Face wasn't a sign from the aliens, but just a rock.

The only reason that the Face looks so much like a face is because of the shadows. Without the shadows, the Face might just look like an ordinary rock on mars. The shadows themself give the illusion of the rock having eyes, a nose, and a mouth. Those shadows are the only reason that the Face IS

the Face.

Without those shadows, the Face wouldn't be so famous. Nobody would have probably ever known or cared about it.

The conspiracy theorists and many people in general probably think that NASA is hiding the fact that aliens are real, so they're lying about the Face and just saying that it's a landform, when they think it's a sign that aliens exist. That's not true. NASA is a company that needs money like all the rest. They know that telling people that aliens were real would profit them a lot, so they wouldn't just hide the fact that the Face was an alien artifact if it was one. NASA probably wishes that they had found an ancient cililization on Mars, just for the profit.

The theorists are wrong about the Face being an ancient artifact. The latest picture of the Face is so detailed, that any ancient civilizations nearby would be visible. Also, the Face is only the Face because the rock has shadows along it that makes it look like it has eyes, a nose, and a mouth. Finally, NASA would proabably like to find an ancient civilization on Mars, just so that they could profit from finding something related to alien life. They wouldn't just hide the truth if they could gain money from it. Therefore, theorists should just realize that facts are facts, and that if NASA finds an ancient civilization on Mars, they'll tell everyone.