Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I have been hearing from teachers and students that you are considering to make the new rule about cell phones at the school.

I'm writing this letter today to tell you that it would be the best rule to let students have cell phones out during lunch.

Many people are probably writing you a letter but if you are reading this you wont be disappointed.

First, cell phones can be used during classes and be helpful for the learning environment. A lot of students could use their cell phones for different things but students could use their cell phones as a calculator if they don't have their own. Also, students could use a cell phone to time something like in Science when you are doing a lab and need to time something.

And, if the teacher asked you what time it is in New York you could be the first to know because you would have your cell phone in use with times all over the world.

Second, many of people who don't have any thing to do after they finish their work could use their cell phone to keep them selves occupied and quite.

After a student is done with their work they could start to get loud and be annoying to the other class mates but if cell phones were allowed then the student could just play around on their cell phone quietly.

And, lots of students can concentrate better if they could listen to music while they work.

And, I my self think that it is a lot easier to think when I can hear music that I like.

Third, there is a few students that might say they would not want cell phones to be allowed in school because they can be very distracting in lots of ways. If cell phones were allowed at school they would not be ringing during class because students would turn their cell phones off or put them on silent or vibrate mode.

And if you would allow cell phones I as a student writing to you will promise that i would never take my cell phone out during class unless i had the permission to and maybe to see what time it is the faster way.

Many students and teachers have been talking about allowing cell phones to be taken out during lunch.

It was a great opportunity for me to write this letter to you explaining why I think it would be a great thing for cell phones to be allowed at school.

Thank you for taking time out of your schedule to read this letter that I wrote just for you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME