After reading the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming.", I strongly found myself against the idea of cars becoming driverless. There is a various amount of issues that could arise from this irrational idea. I believe that if driverless cars were to exist as a regular item in our society many problems would occur.

Driverless Cars would cause an endless amount of dangers, failure within companies and manufacturers, as well as the amount of money that would be lost. Electronics that we use today fail all the time, and cause money loss and stress. I believe these cars would have to go through so many failures before actually being safe and useful. Our economy cannot afford to throw millions of dollars away building cars that will be used for hundreds of trial tests, and then thrown away. The failure percentage will be so high for these cars, and will cause so many problems for the manufacturers, people, and the economy alone. Another reason these cars would be a disaster is the danger it will create. In the article it talks about how people would get bored if they were doing none of the driving, which would cause them to fall asleep or to find a distraction like games, or phones. It also says that in tight spaces or traffic the car would need the human to takeover the driving. Concluding these two facts from the article, drivers will get distracted and when needed by the car to takeover they won't be capable of doing so. This is just one reason I found that these cars will put people in dangerous situations. Cars are to dangerous of an electronic to be putting people in, and testing the unknown. My last reason supporting the irrational idea of driverless cars, is the money that would be lost. Currently the united states is in debt by trillions of dollars, and even the idea of this adds onto the amount of money were are behind on. It would cost millions of dollars to build them, replace them, find the required research, and and endless amount of other things. Also, since they are going to be electronically driven, whos fault will it really be if they were to stop functioning? This question will arise in many court cases when manufactures get sued, and will again cost a fortune. This idea will take money out of everyones pockets, and the currently unstable economy does not need that. There are many other reasons to be argued why these cars would be a horrible idea.

In conclusion to my reasons, this is why I believe if driverless cars were to exist as a regular in our society many problems would occur. The endless amount of money, dangers, and failure accurately describe what this idea would do to our nation. Driverless cars will fail our economy.