Haven't you got an advice from multiple adults in your daily life? Most of the times I believe that people ask for multiple advice from multiple people because they want their adive to impact them in a certain way. However, sometimes one person cannot be convinced by one voice they like to hear multiple voices to be convinced. Most often people are not motivated by themselves which would make it harder for them to be motivated by a single voice because those people needs to hear multiple opinions to make them better or motivated. So let's say that this one person likes to change his or her life and become more motivated, be in the best shape of his or her life, so he or she ask about 10 people how to get motivated and how to work hard to achieve your dreams. Hearing motivating and powerful words from other people can impact your life without you even knowing.

He gets about the same advice from people as he did from the people before and as he heard all of those people talk about the same topic now he or she would be motivated because sometimes not only one voice but two would put a big impact on someone's life and help them. My teachers, friends, family, and all of the people I've met in my life had gave an advice that I heard and took their advice because it meant something to me and it was deep. I would want more people to give me advice that can impact my life, for example my friend's dad always gives him advises but he has hear his dad tell him the same advice over and over again at the end of the day he will get bored and not listen to his dad's advice which would impact him negatively.

Sometimes life gets hard to certain people and they would like to hear advice from multiple people which will impact them in a positive or a negative way depends on who they ask advice from. For example if I were to ask advice from my brother all the time he would just repeat everything he said from before and that would not help me at all, after all they say "two brain is better than one."

Listening to other people's advises can impact you in a way that would make you do the right thing in the future and not only it can impact you it can impact the people around you. You could also use the people's advises you heard and give that advice to another person that also needs to hear it. This is my thoughts on why some people would like multiple and how it can affect them in a certain way.