The author supports this idea by giving us multiple details about venus. Venus is a planet in our solar system and it is the second planet from our sun. It is proved that Venus is a challenging place to examine closely because it has a lot of stuff that humans can not experience. Venus is a challenging planet for human to study closely because there are stuff that are extremely dangerous for humans and that humans can not do such as: Venus is not always close to Earth, the temperature and atmosphere is greater than what we experienced in Earth and it's danger to get to Venus.

Venus moves a lot from us or we move a lot from venus. There are differences from Venus and us what I mean with that is that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus. In paragraph 2, the authors said humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world. Each previous mission was unmanned, and that there is not a single spaceship that has survived the landing for more than a few hours and has touched down on Venus in more than three decades.

The temperature and atmosphere in Venus is greater than in Earth. Humans can not survived or experienced this because they would problably died. In paragraph three, it says that in venus is a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxiude and that the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than we experience in Earth. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit. These things makes it more challenging for humans.

Trying to get to Venus is very dangerous for humans since we don't have resistents tools to go there and survived. In paragraph 5 , it says that the Nasa is working in possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus and they tought and allowed scientists to float above the fray. Like imagine a jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, it is still dangerous but it is survivable for humans.

In conclusion, Venus is a very challenging planet for humans to study because there are a lot of barriers that stop humans from getting more closer. 