Summer Projects should never be student-designed, strictly teacher-designed. Many students wouldnt be able to teach themselves or even complete their own projects. Especially during summer, school is fresh out and for awhile. No student would wanna actually take their time and effort to work on a school project when school's out. Majority of students would be focused on having fun, as well as being on vacation.

First, students will be focused on having fun and enjoying their vacation. Also, summer itself is a vacation for the students, they dont see it as a time to be working on "school" projects when school is out. They'll usually find it pointless and a bother to be worrying about a project while it's summer. Which is a main reason on why if any summer projects are given, they should be teacher-designed. Many students wouldnt be able to be trusted with such a task, also depending on their grade level.

Therefore, all projects given out strictly over summer, should be teacher-designed. Students cant teach theirselves something they haven't learned. That's the whole point of the role and title of a teacher, to help the students they oversee. It could work like, teachers giving one final lesson at the end of the year and they assign a project with the information they had just taught. The information taught should have some sort of follow up into their next class for the school year after that summer.

Lastly, even if the projects handed out over summer are teacher-designed, there will still be a small amount of students who dont bother with it. It's a difficult thing to complete and follow through with, nobody wants to have to do a summer project. That small amount of students who dont complete the project, usually are the ones who are the less educated students. Of course the students who do complete the summer project will be the same ones that prosper in life, that small amount of students who dont complete the project usually sink more and more over the years. No matter what that small amount of students cant really be helped or changed, it's more of a work ethic to complete a summer project.

In conclusion, most students will be focused on enjoying their summer vacation and having fun, which means giving out a summer project will be a problem for most. It isn't like nobody will complete it, it;s just something nobody wants to volunteer to do. Which makes teacher-designed projects the better option compared to student-designed. There will definitely be a small amount of students who wont complete the project, its not something that can be typically helped. As said before it's usually the person work ethic, which can conclude with an unfinished project. Also, any given project over summer should be related or relevant to the students upcoming year class.