In the future your grandkids and great grandkids will not have drive cars because they will most likely drive themselves. They won't have to learn to get there permits or pass driving school to get there liscenses the cars drive themselves and, will have no need for a human to control the steering wheel, and the skill of learning how drive and understanding what freedom comes with being able to drive will be lost.

Cars that can drive themselves are a very bright idea, but they take away a the freedom that comes with getting your liscences, and learning the ablitily of driving. Having cars that drive without humans can mean more accidients if the cars can not account for traffic jams, other accidents, roadwork, and a work or school zone. How will these cars know when people are crossing the road or know how fast the speed limit is for that area.

Learing how to drive is an important skill for teenagers and young adults to learn, because they don't just learn how to drive they also learn responiblity to pay for the gas and insurance bills. They start learing to take care of themselves so when they get in to the real world they don't have to rely on their parents to keep paying for everything they need.

What will these cars be powered by? Will they be powered by a gas engine, a diesel engine, battery powered, or a gas eninge and a battery powered engine combination. What would the price to buy one these cars be, would it be low enough where the average employee can afford to buy it or will it only be were only the richer people can afford to buy them. Are these cars going to be allowed by every state and what laws would be inplaced for these cars incase of an accidient were to happen on the highway.

Therefore, These cars are a good idea but shouldn't be used because they take away learning responsibilty and everyone needs to learn that skill so they can surive in the real world after they graduate from either highschool or college. We don't even know if these cars would be afordable for the average female or male employee, or where you could buy these cars at.   