Many schools are integrating online school and even fully switching to it as a means of education. People are against and with this idea and it does have its pros and cons. In my opinion, students would not benefit from doing school at home. A big argument that is at place with this prompt is that many students all learn different. Some people are more hands on and others are more interested learning from textbooks. School being mainly placed at home could also force students to become more independent and that might not be good in some cases.

Schools dont only teach curriculum based classes either, they also have extracurricular classes that might need people to attend in person. Many students like to play sports and even like to participate in band classes. If students are supposed to be learning at home, some would not have the means of transportation to get to the actual school. This could also be challenging for people who may not have their drivers license or even a car. It is not fair for a school to make students learn at home because they might not even have buses that transports kids.

Another big threat that could arise is the possibility that students might not have access to internet. This is probably the biggest setback in the option of online schooling. Some families might not even be able to buy a computer for the student if the school doesnt supply them. Many families are struggling with financial problems and making a student do online schooling is not necessarily fair for everyone.

Technology is also not reliable. Computers malfunction and that is not good if a student is in the middle of a lecture or is taking a test. There is also the possibility that a natural disaster could occur. Depending on the area, many tornadoes or even a hurricane could occur. There is a pandemic spreading around that is called the Corona Virus and it is very deadly if one is to get diagnosed with it. Because of this pandemic, many schools are forced to do online schooling and it is a big struggle for the families that dont have access to the internet.

There is some ways that online schooling could benefit students. Many students get bullied and doing online school at their house could give them a sense that they are safe. This could benefit students because many people who are in high school and any other grade pose a risk of getting bullied if they are not already. Some students also have a condition called agoraphobia which makes them feel anxious and scared in large groups of people and being out in the public. Being able to have access to online school could also be good for students health. Many students are suffering with sleep deprivation and being able to sleep a little later could really make a difference for the student and possibly their grades.

Online schooling could be really beneficial but there are too many setbacks that would make it more inefficient than what school is in its current state of public teaching. People like to be in a setting where they are able to ask questions if needed and get help in an instant. The majority of students benefit from learning in person and that makes a really big difference

In the state that the world is in right now, students are benefiting more from learning in person. Online school is beneficial in certain cases, but it is not as efficient as public school is. Hands on learning is definitely a good factor that schools use and it really does make a big difference. Colleges are looking for students with skills that also pertain to human interaction and public school definitely helps in that aspect. Human interaction is what keeps our society in touch and eliminating that could mean the difference between succeeding and failing.