With all of the advances that car companys are making there is no doubt that driverless cars are on their way to Americas roadways. The author of this article makes some good points supporting driverless cars, but they also makes some good points that lead me to be against them. I have not seen enough evidence to prove them safe.

Right now we get some comfort when we see a large SUV barreling down the road, at least there is a human in charge of the vehicle that is hopfully paying attention to the driving task ahead of them. I just don't believe that a computer would be able to make all of the logical descisions neccasary for safe travel. Lets take interstate driving for example. When driving on the interstate you have to be able to quickly make decisions when someone darts in front of you, or when to pass somebody. Computers wouldn't be able to make these decisions on thier own.

Now lets look at it from a legal view. The author covers some of the legal issues in paragraph nine. In the very last sentence of paragraph nine the author asks "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- The driver or the manufacturer?" Thinking logically I have arrived at the conclusion that it would be the manufacturers fault. The driver isn't the one driving, it's the manufacturors system that is in control. This can only lead me to believe that if the manufacturer is the one that made the system, if it fails the manufacturer is to be held responsible for the failure.

In closing there just isn't enough evidence to show beyond a resonable doubt that these cars are safe for the general public. Without the proof that they are safe it would be a terrible mistake to put them on the roads. I also dont think the manufacturers are ready for the responsibility of being held accountable if one of their systems fail. Maybe as new advances are made, and new evidence is shown it would help ease my concerns with driverless cars, but for right now I am strongly apposed to it. Besides driverless cars would take the fun out of getting behind the wheel of a sports car, and who would want to do that?