I would have to say that I am in favor of moving forward and progressing towards driverless cars. There are quite a few reasons why I believe it's a great idea. After the idea is perfected, roads will be much safer, The cost of transportation will go down and also it could possibly make transporting on roads much faster.

The idea of this "driverless car" is quite astonishing, but once it is perfected it will open up doors to new oppurtunities in transporting on roads. For example, the car would be able to sense cars that a human could possibly not see. This would make the amount of car accidents go down.

Also, some states have already allowed computer driven cars on the road, as it says in the passage. This demonstates that these driverless cars are becoming safer everyday. It also says in the article that manufacturers believe the number of states to allow driverless cars is only going to continue rising as they advance there search for safer and possibly cheaper cars or solutions.

One other reason that i believe that these cars are a great idea is because it says that the cars can make for cheaper transportation. For example, it states in the article that Sergey Brin, cofounder of google, believes that the fuel amount needed in these futuristic cars will be half of what we use today. We would be able to do less harm to the environment by using less fuel. Also, Sergey Brin states that taxis would be more flexible and safe. This reduces the risk of having a taxi driver that might put you in danger. Although these cars will be much safer there are many more reasons to agree with driverless cars.

One final reason I believe in driverless cars itll be much faster to get from place to place. For example, a autonomous car could go a certain speed much higher than the current highway speed limits and sense any danger. It would be able to go at a much faster speed but also keep the roads jusr as safe.

All in all, there is still much research to be done for these cars to be perfected and be able to be driven on the roads legally. Although, if we continue to advance in driveless cars the generations after us will be see roads much different then we do today. They will see a much safer, faster, and cheaper way of moving around. 