Dear Principle,

You are reconsidering the use of cell phones and whether or not we should be allowed to use them in school. A few students got together and started coming up with reasons we should be able to have access to our phones at school.

Some parents need to get a-hold of kids and do not feel it is the school's business about what it is their student needs to know. An appointment might have come up and there is no way for the parent to pick their kid up from school. If a student is not allowed to have their cell phone there is no way they would know this. Or vice versa, a student might need to tell a parent something that they do not feel comfortable talking to a teacher or someone in authority about.

They could need their parent to bring them lunch because they forgot it at home, or medicine because they are not feeling well. Teachers do not appreciate when students take up class time with the need to call their parent(s) about a homework assignment or pick up arrangements and most often do not allow students to do so.

Also, there is no way to inform parents of danger if it happens to come up during school. During lock downs or fire drills, parents are in a panic trying to make sure their kid is okay. If something were to happen and a there was a criminal who broke into the school, kids should be able to have their phones to at least let their parents know they are okay or inform them of the situation.

Kids need freedom! There are so many rules at school, and with allowing cell phones at school; there will also be rules along with the new freedom, but consider allowing that freedom. Rights can always be taken away if they are not earned.

After all the students hard work, most of them anyway, they deserve to enjoy one thing they have been working to get at school for years; cell phones. If you give them the right, they will have to follow the rules and expectations and it doesn't mean it is permanent. Try it out and if it doesn't work you can revoke the privilege, but a chance is all they want.

Sincerely,

the student counsel