Through the past century, mechanization on a global scale has indubitably innovated the world in efficency and economic progress. In particular, however, the key invention of the car has solely shown the benefits of such techonological progress. For a few innovators, the mere invention of cars did not seem convincing enough, hence the creation of driverless automobiles has been in design to furtherly increase efficiency and safety. Although the benefits of adopting driverless cars in society seem convincing in progressing society, ultimately, the implementation of driverless cars will only entail disaster.

A strong factor contributing to the cons of driverless cars is the undeniable usage of human skills throughout the road even with using driverless cars. Although the term "driverless car" may seem like a straight-forward terminology, it is in reality not. Currently, there is no such development of a car that completely remains independent of the car passenger. On paragraph 7 it notes, "None of the cars developed so far are completey driverless." Morever, due to the fact that driverless cars cannot function completely by themselves, this requires that human passengers still have to be attentive at all times.

As continued on paragraph 7 it states, " They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills." In summation, this means the human driver must continue to remain alert and be ready to take over the wheel if the driverless car cannot deal with a specific situation. Despite that driverless cars can permform tasks independently, it is only to a limited extent. Therefore, this still requires the full attention and driving skill set of the car driver. If this still requires the full attention and driving skills of the car driver, the invention of the carless driver, in reality, has no useful benefits. The driver therefore, still has risks of getting into car accidents because they still need to rely on their driving abilities, rendering the invention of driverless cars ineffective.

The most important factor of all in contributing against the promotion of driverless cars however, is the idea of fault. On paragraph 9, a controversial question is brought up, asking "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" If a driverless car were to get into an accident and if someone were to be injured as a result, who's fault would it ultimately be? This serious and controversial argument as a result, creates a prodigious amount of conflict, particularly between drivers and manufacturers. Because driverless cars are most of the time, indepent of the car drivers, an accident caused by this invention will guaranteed cause a difficulty in finding who is truly at fault. On one hand, it could have been the driver himself for not paying attention to the road and altering the mechanics of the driverless car. However on the other hand, it could have been a completely honest mistake, where the driverless car itself commited an automated mistake that did not associate with the actions of the car driver.

Driverless cars in conclusion, make it difficult to assert the blame on whos truly at fault in a driverless car accident, therefore making it extremely more difficult in handling and resolving this situation.

Without driverless cars, there will only be one to blame and therefore, more problems will be resolved.

Lastly, the existence of traffic laws and working zones on the roads is prominent in abasing the efficency of driverless cars. On paragraph 9 it says, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." In other terms, common aspects of the road, such as traffic laws and working zones, are designed so that only human drivers can handle those situations, thus making driverless cars useless. In these terms, this means that alert drivers will perform much more reliably than an automated car because the road and traffic laws are set up so that the only safe car is a car where a human driver is in control at all times. Because driverless cars are incapable of handling such pivotal features of the modern road system, they must still rely on their human drivers, contradicting their own title of "driverless" cars. In conclusion, because the driving laws of the road are mainly designed so that safety will be best achieved with alert human drivers, the implementation of driverless cars in modern society is utterly useless.

Due to the manifestations of human action-based driving laws, continued necessity for human driving skills, and no exact blame for fault in a driverless car accident, the addition of driverless cars into society will only bring increased harm and debatable increased efficiency.

The addition of fully driverless cars is currently only fantasy, and should remain this way eternally.                         