Having your own car can be great, but it's hurting the earth. So much pollution comes from cars, about fifty percent of the greenhouse gases in America are from cars. Cities have put bans on driving causing people to find our ways to get to work, cities like Vauban, and all of the driving causes pollution.

In Pairs, France, there was so much pollution and smog in the air, people with even number plates coiuldn't drive one day, and odd numbered plates the next, it was like this for five days. In Bogota, Colobmbia, there's one day every year where cars are banned, taxis and public buses arre still permitted though.

"It's a good oportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution"

said Carlos Arturo Plaza when asked what he thought about the idea of they day. Two more Colombian cities partook in the event this year.

In Vauban, Germany, many people have given up their cars. Having a  car is allowed, but there are only two places to park, in a large garage, or a spot that cost $40,000 along with the home they buy. Vauban's streets are completely car-free other than the downtown area where the tram runs. 70 percent of Vauban families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold their cars to move their.

"When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way"

, said Heidrun Walter, a resident of Vauban.

As mentioned, about fifty percent of the greenhouse gases in America are from cars. Only about 12 percent in Europe. France is one of the most polluted countries in Europe because of it's tax on gasoline, that is not on diesel fuel. Diesels make up 67 percent of France compared to the 53.3 percent average of the rest of Western Europe. Paris has more smog than other European capitals, Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared to London's 79.7!

The use of personal transportation should decrease because of how it's effecting out planet. The air is getting worse for us and we can control that! If we start driving less, or taking public transportation we can cut back a lot.               