There are some schools that require summer projects for the students. What if they were student-designed rather than teacher-designed? With student going into their summer break and also teachers the thought of school really doesn't come to mind. With the requirements of the projects of students during the summer maybe students can add their own spice to the mixture. My thoughts on the idea that the project should be student based is that they can have their own personality to their project, put their own time into it, and the teachers can get to know their students.

With the idea that the project should be student based they can add their own twist to the project. I have a friend who went around Europe with her family during the summer. During her time there she still had to do a project for one of her classes and wasn't getting back home till a week before school started back up again. So during her stay she went to the popular places in Europe and tried to make connections of those places for her project. She told me that she had a lot of fun doing that with her project and that it even made it fun for her when she would edit it because it reminded her of the fun times that she had over there. Even though during the trip she said she preferred that she didn't have to work on a project during the time that she was away from school. She still had fun during the process with the idea that she had control over how she wanted to design it.

There are many students that usually get summer jobs so they might not have all the time in the world to focus on a project. My brother was some one that loved to work and when summer came around he would work all the time. He was in art classes in his high school years so they had to get some art pieces during the summer. At times at work if things weren't busy he would just get a napkin and draw little sketches that might come to mind. With some of his days off he would look back at the little sketches that he made and see if anything thing that he drew would give him inspiration. That's how he would do his art project and it worked for him. He pulled out multiple beautiful artworks that to this day he is very proud of. At time he wouldn't do some of the artwork since he might of been very busy the day prier and might of been very tired. He still had pushed even harder when he did work on the project. My brother would work during the summer and with the spare time that he had he would more effort into the project with the time he had free.

Teachers can already get a basic idea on what kind of person that they might be getting in their coming up class. I'm good friends with my sophomore history teacher so we talk before school. She planned a project for the up coming sophomores to see what's their personality was and if they basic history. She told me that she can see many different personality in her class by just looking at their projects. Some student are very artistic or they know details about certain events that went on in history. You can see so much in a single project of a student that they make it into their own. Right out of the back she already knew how to approach and what they can do in the future so that the student get their education but also have their own talents shine through. Some students might not put so much effort into their projects so we might not get a heads start into their characteristics. It nice to at least to have a good understanding of the students before you actually meet them so they can have an amazing school year.

With the idea that students should be able to design their own summer project is something that should be talked about. In the past most of the assignments are teachers giving it to the students and expecting them to follow a rubric. Things can change with the student must come up with something that they are proud to show and make it their own. With something small can lead to bigger things like just a simple summer project. Students should be able to add their own personality into it, put their own time into it, and that teachers can get to know the students though their project.  