The way we tech is constantly evolving, technology is a big part of that evolution. Technology has helped us make learning become faster and less reliant on teachers. Technology can also help with leaning outside of the traditional classroom. Something that could be a big help for the schools allowing for students to attend classes from their own home. Attending classes at home isn't a new idea, it has been around for a few years now in certain school districts, not to mention with homeschooling. Students can benefit from this if they're sick and or injured where they really can't go to school, or kids who work better in better environments than the traditional classroom, or even the people who just don't want to go into school to do classes they can do from the comfort of their own home.

People get sick or injured often, sometimes it can be so bad they're put on home bound which is when they aren't supposed to leave their home to go to school normally. In those cases the students could benefit from taking online classes. Online classes allow kids to work at a pace that is comfortable for them and if a student had a question they could have a call with their teacher to clear anything up they didn't understand. Another thing that is beneficial is being able to have a group call to do classroom specific learning, like calling the student to work with their classmates via the call, or calling together other kids in similar situations to recap with them what happened in their classes.

Classrooms are for most people a great way to learn a topic, others can have difficulty learning in such an environment. With the rise of mental health awareness in the past few years, and being able to identity kids who might be special needs, some schools haven't done enough to make those kids comfortable in a learning setting. Some kids might find it easier than others to work in a classroom, the other kids who find it more difficult should be able to take classes in their homes. This innovation could make it so more kids could be integrated into the public schools, especially if we hired teachers for their needs and allowed then a safe place for them outside of the normal classrooms. Something like this could be a huge step forward into more open and accepting schools.

Unlike the other two points this is a bit more up to the parents and school. Students who may not want to work in classes should be able to have a choice to work from home. This would be very close to home schooling, but it could allow the kid to be more involved in their school. An example of how this could work is one day a kid could go to school for a certain amount of classes and the next day take all their required classes online. The classes could be taught by teachers with the county or teachers specifically hired for such a thing. This would allow kids to have more free choice with how they receive their education. This is seen in some counties around the state, where special centers are created for kids who want to do something other than traditional schooling.

All these reasons are why potentially having online classing and video calls from home as a form of education could be really beneficial. Not only will it give the kids more options on how they learn but also create a change to your typical classroom. If you were to offer this to most students today they'd agree because this could be the future of the school systems in America which have been the same for decades. Schools around the world have been constantly changing the ways they teach to help better adapt to how the students learn best. This change might also raise the rate of graduation and lower drop out rates in our schools. Change is inevitable and we should go with it instead of allowing our teaching methods get stuck in the past. 