Accourding to the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it says that even though it's "driverless" its not completely driverless. So what is even the point of having a so called "driverless" car if its not completely driverless. I would think if someone was going to go spend money on what I assuming to be is a very expensive car, that they bought for it specific reason so they do not have to drive for any cicumstances.

If Google were to start selling these so called "driverless" cars, and something were to happen would it be the person in the car's fault or the cars? Honestly I feel like this would be a huge conflict if they were to become public. For example if someone got into an accident would it be there fault not paying attention in the "driverless" car. If Google is going to say they have a "driverless" car I think they should make it completely driverless, so itcould be worth your money and prevent accidents.

"They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead accuires human skill, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." That is the part that is scary about these cars would if it has a malfunction and doesn"t notify the driver? Would if the car is a reason for one of those accidents? How long will they work until they give up and just stop working? What happens if they stop working and the driver has no control over the car? See there are so many possiblilities that makes these cars so unsafe.

Cars opperated by us are unsafe now as it is, imagine something without a brain driving a car. Why do we need "driverless" cars around? From what I have experinced while driving, it teaches you responsiblitly, and it teaches you to be aware of your surroundings. If you make a car that you don"t have to drive then doesn't that just defet the whole purpose of driving? Without human opperation on cars we would have people in this world who would rely on everthing else on this Earth to do things for them.

We dont need computer opperated cars to drive for us when we can just do the work ourselves. Like I said before it teaches us responsiblitly, and without responsiblitly what would this world become? We would become duds. I understand that a manual driven car is technology, but it provides us disipline, and self awareness. Do you think that a "driveless" car could provide that for us? Provide anything for us other than laziness? Driverless cars would be the end of humanity and we would become robots living in a world of technology.     