Wow, being a seagoing cowboy is amazing. Why hasn't every guy become one? Doesn't every guy want to help others in need, to have fun, and to see the world and all of its amazing places. Obviously, if the people reading this are like most guys and want to do those amazing things, sign up to be a seagoing cowboy. It's the oppurtunity of a lifetime!

The first reason all guys should become a seagoing cowboy, it involves getting to help others in need. After a long, devasting war, many countries have just been left in ruins to rot. The people there need hope. A seagoing cowboy can get these countries on their feet again and help the countries recover by giving the people that live in them food, animals, and more. Lets face it, we are those people's only hope, They are dieing out there. The only solution is to become a seagoing cowboy and save them.

The second reason all guys should become a seagoing cowboy, it involves getting to have fun while hanging out with other guys. On the ship while the cowboys are going to other countries to help other people, they get to have boatloads of fun. The cowboys often play baseball and volleyball games when they hang out with eachother. Not to mention the table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, and reading. The cowboys are never bored and are always finding something fun to do. Clearly, being a seagoing cowboy is a very fun and relaxing job.

The final reason all guys should become a seagoing cowboy, they get to explore the world and see amazing places. The cowboys get to see Europe and China daily. They also get to explore all of the amazing place there like the Acropolis in Greece, Venice, Italy, castles in Crete, and the Panama Canal. Anyone who wants to see the the amazing world should definitley sign up to be a seagoing cowboy. This really is the oppurtunity of a lifetime for everyone who is dieing to get out of the house.

Some people may love home but really want to go on this trip. They also may not want to leave their beautiful family behind all by themselves. It might be possible that they are just scared to travel to an unknown place, but, being a seagoing cowboy allows the cowboys to only take one trip to help others, have fun, and see the world. It won't take very long at all!

Being a seagoing cowboy is an amazing job to take. The cowboys get to help other countries, have fun, and see the world and all of its beauties. Everyone who has ever become a cowboy has had the time of there life. Wait, have all the people who were reading this story stop to sign up?   