In the article, the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. The author explains why throughout the article, and tries to persuade readers into thinking that Venus is a planet we should not give up on. But the question still remains, why are scientist still researching this planet if it's so dangerous?

In paragraph one, the author explains that Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. This may bring an interest to astronomers and stargazers that enjoy studying and watching the sky at night. This may be a worthy cause for some people to continue studying Venus. In paragraph two, the author explains how Venus is sometimes referred to as "Earth's twin". Venus is almost the same size and density of Earth and it also close in distance. Some people may find this interesting because people on Earth are always looking for other forms of life and other places to go besides Earth. If Venus is like Earth, in physical and other ways, there may be life on Venus that we haven't discovered yet.

One of the most important things to know is that Venus once could have been the most Earth-like planet in the entire solar system. I believe that this information is very important and more people should keep studying that. In paragraph four it says that Venus "was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." If it held life back then, why wouldn't it now? If Venus was once like Earth why couldn't Earth be like Venus now? Some people may worry that Earth will turn out like Venus, with high temperatures and crazy atmospheric pressures. If scientists and astronomers find more information about this planet, we could have almost every answer we need for all our questions.

Traveling to Venus is a very difficult and dangerous process. In the article the author states that NASA (The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has an idea for sending people from Earth to study the planet, Venus. They are trying to create a vehicle that hovers the planet instead of going directly on the surface of Venus. NASA is also working on different methods of studying Venus besides the hovering vehicles. They made some "simplified electronics made of silicon carbide," and they have been tested in a lab. If they are able to find a way to Venus, they will be able to find out so much more information about it.

They also went back and are trying an old techology called "mechanical computers." The mechanical computers were used in the 1940s during World War ll. I believe that using old technology may be a good thing for some people and a positive thing to look at. Some people look at technology nowadays and believe it is a bad thing, but if we are using older technology from a different generation people might think different of it. Also, as stated in the article, modern technology is very quick and efficient, but do not come to much use in extreme conditions. For example, if you put a modern day cellphone or laptop in a very hot condition , it will most likely melt because of the material used to make it. If we used older technology, the technology would be made by different materials and could come more in handy.

I think this may be another reason to keep exploring Venus because you could create so much technology and invent ways to go to Venus succcessfully. You could also find new ways to explore other planets and go to other planets. Creating this technology would lead to many great discoveries about our planets and our solar system. In paragraph 7 it mentions that they could build mechanical parts that can be more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces. If these parts of made, there may be a benefit to the scientists and every day people. These products can be made around the world and can be a benefit to everyday society.

In my opinion, I do believe that going to Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers it presents. You could find out many new things, see new things, and learn new things. I think that scientists and astronauts have a good idea of how to do it and I think they will eventually go to Venus one day, or at least figure out a lot about it. People on Earth should take risks and be able to expand their knowledge about the world and about the other planets in the solar system, besides Earth. 