America's love of cars may soon be spiraling down. With America's car culture seemingly coming to an end, there will be more alternative ways to get to work, school, shopping districts, and etc. As the years come and go by quickly, Americans are buying less cars and obtaining fewer licenses for themselves. The advantages we can recieve by limiting our car usage is that it takes away stress, lowers air pollution, and benefits daily businesses.

First, Limiting car usage takes away stress. As businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza states:"It's a good opportunity to take away stress..."  People who no longer own a car will not have to worry as much about their car. Such as the price of gas rising, car payments, and insurance payments. These type of payments every month often put a big dent in a person's wallet. If we take up to the oppurtunity of limiting our car usage, we really won't have to worry about car payments anymore. Plus, being outside in the environment will certainly reduce stress levels almost completely, because we are interacting with others that are waliking and enjoying the the environment outside.

In addition to, taking away stress. Limiting car usage will result in lower air pollution. According to Duffer, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..." If we limit car usage, the levels of air pollution will dramatically decrease resulting in cleaner air and a healthy environment for us to live in. If we continue to use cars, we are further damaging the air that we breathe everyday and causing people to damage their lungs. Pollution often has chemicals that can harm our breathing and sometimes our lungs. As Americans it is our responsibility to take care of the earth and we are not doing so by constently using our cars.

Lastly, limiting car usage benefits daily businesses. Selsky staes: "Parks and sport centers also have bloomed throughout the city; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. If we rely on walking to stores, etc. that are only a block away, it will surely increase the revunue of restaurants and shopping districts. Since the stores are so close to home, we'll be more willing to enter the store and/or restaurant. Increasing businesses revunue also helps the economy, which we desperately need.

In conclusion, these advantages that we have gone over in the essay will greatly impact the future of America. Such as,  taking away stress from former car owners, lowering the air pollution so we have a cleaner air to breathe, and beneifiting our daily businesses to increase revunue and better our economy. If we all limit car usage and follow the advantages listed, it will result in a better earth for us to live in.    