Would you ever want to Participate in activities? In some schools students are encouraged to participate in activities. I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would be on their phones less time, they would take their mind off problems at home and students can raise their grade up.

I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would be on their phones less time. Students like to be on their phones everyday for hours. Being in an activity could help be less attractive to your phone. Being on your phone to much can damage your eyes. If you do an activity that is less likely to happen because you are occupied doing something else. I play soccer for my activity. I love to be on my phone. I love to play soccer. When I am at practice I spend no time on my phone. After practice I like to stay more time at the soccer field to play. An activity can make you wanna stay more there. Which means less phone for your eyes. I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would be on their phones less time.

I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would take their mind off problems at home. Students don't have to suffer all day at home with their problems. Students can do an activity. Students going to an activity can take their mind off problems at home. They would get distracted with their activity. When I go to soccer practice or go to my soccer games all my problems go away. Even after soccer practices or soccer games. This helps me face all my problems away from me. I feel more happy and not depressed. I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would take their mind off problems at home.

I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students can raise their grade up. Participating in an activity can help raise your grade. Doing an activity can make you feel more happy and energetic. Those moods can also be during class. So you have the energy to do your work. When you don't do an activity maybe it can lead to students doing bad stuff to themselves. Doing an activity can make students not even think about it. When I do soccer my grades go up ,and I feel that I have more energy to do work. I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students can raise their grade up.

Participating in an activity can be lots fun to do. I agree that students must participate in at least one activity because students would be on their phones less time, they would take their mind off problems at home and students can raise their grade up. If I were you I would do an activity. I encourage you to join an activity. Just do it.    