Some schools across America are offering an opportunity for students to attend classes from home via video conferences. In an age where technology is becoming more advanced and playing a large role in everyday life, should schools take advantage of this and allows students to take online classes from home. It would be benefical to the studnets and teachers as well. Students should take online classes because it allows students to learn at their own pace, it is similar to taking a test on computers and has been proven to be reliable, and it allows the student to learn wherever or whenever they want.

Starting off, each and every student is different from their other peers; those students also work and learn at a different pace. In a classroom, the teacher has to give out information in a timely manner to follow the ciriculum; this may leave to students ,who work at a slower pace, behind. While yes, the student can ask questions during a lesson, it will slow the rest of the class down. Having online classes, however, allows the same students who work at a slow pace to learn and be on the same page as their other peers. Having a video conference will also allow the student to work at their own pace, as they will have direct contact with the teacher.

In addition, having an online class is very similar, if not the same as watching a video and then taking a quiz on what was learned. This same form of test taking has been done by most, if not, all school across the country. Having the option to take online classes will be the same as taking a test, except the teacher is in contact with the student over video call. It will also retain the student's attention; students who are in skilled in technology will most likely pay attention because techonolgy is involved with the method in which they're learning. It also eliminates the need for teachers to grade many papers; the classes will be done online, which means neither the student or the teacher will have to worry about assignments being graded late or correctly because the test program will grade the work for them.

Finally, the student can be anywhere and still be up to speed with their class. It is impossible for every single student to be at school on time or present everyday; some get sick or have plans made with family. For a school that requires students to learn in a clasroom, this means the student will miss out on a day of school. Which means they will have to make up that work and run into issues if they do not know the material. However, if online classes were an option for students, they won't have to miss anything that is being caught to the rest of the class. Most students have access to some form of techonolgy, whether it be a cell phone, a tablet, or a laptop. If they're sick in bed or if they're in a car on a family trip, they can go to the video conference for their respective classes and learn the same material and minimize the workload on themselves.

As technology moves foward, education should move forward with it. The ability for student to attend online classes from home should be offered in all schools. Students would be able to work at their own pace. It would also be familiar to the student, as it will be the same as taking an online test . And finally, it also the student to be anywhere, and still be able to learn what the rest of the class is learning. The education of a student is vital to their development; the option to have online classes will make them just as, if not more successful then they would be if they were in a class room environment.    