Do you think doing school work from home would be beneficial for you? Working at home instead of going to school sounds like it would be a great experience. Students could wake up at any time they want and could work at a pace that is good for them. However, there are a ton of disadvantages. Working from home through video conferences and online would be very distracting for students and the teacher would not be there in person to help with specific questions.

There are few students that would benefit from doing school work at home. Kids that would benefit would be students that do not have siblings to distract them, students that do not have pets in their house, and students that do well when learning in loud environments. There are very few students that would fall under these categories. I have noticed that many of my classmates including myself have a very hard time concentrating when they are in a noisy environment, and they end up doing poorly on the assignment when it is loud. Working at school where it is quiet is the best place for students to succeed.

There are many distractions at home, such as: your family being noise, television on in the background, and having pets in your house. Having television and video games around would be very tempting to go on instead of continuing to do school work. Pets and family being loud is a huge distraction and will cause students to get distracted from their work they are trying to do. When I come home from school to do my homework my family is so loud and distracting, therefore; I get distracted and end up watching television and play video games instead of doing my homework. Having a loud environment to work in is extremely distracting and could lead to not doing well in school.

Working from home could be very frustrating when students do not have their teacher right there to help them. It is the teachers job to be there for their students and answer any questions they need help with. Not being in the classroom with a teacher would make learning much more difficult and could lead to less success for students. I go to my math teacher very often to get help. When she helps me we always look at problems on a piece of paper together to help me understand the material better. I definitely would not do as well in math class if I could not have my teacher with me to show me how to understand the problems. Working with teachers face to face is a key factor to do well in school, so every student should be able to have this opportunity.

Ultimately, going to school to do work is the best way for students to learn. It would not be distracting and students would have their teachers with them in person to help them. Everyone should have the opportunity to do well in school. A key factor for students to do well is to have a quiet and non distracting learning environment. The best environment for student to be as successful as possible is to learn in a classroom at school. 