Do you have a problem that you are struggling to solve? Why don't you ask your friends for advice? When people ask for advice on solving a problem, often times they speak to more than one person. This is because different views are better for figuring out a tough problem, many opinions are better than one, and other people may have experienced a problem like yours and may be able to help you in making better decisions.

Different views are better for figuring out a tough problem, if only for the fact that they are different from yours. Asking more than one person their opinion helps greatly, because you receive a wide range of views different from your opinion. No one is exactly the same, and that goes for their opinions too. You may not like the answers you receive, but they can help you with your problem.

Many opinions are better than one, because every opinion is different. Seeking out more than one person for their opinions helps you more than just going to one person. Each person you ask is going to have a different take on your problem, and help you in solving it. Others' opinions may be weak, but those opinions can give you ideas, and from those ideas sprout possible answers. These possible answers, and the people that gave you those possible answers, are going to be the main factors in whether or not you solve your problem, so keep them close, because you're going to need them.

Other people may have experienced a problem like your and may be able to help you in making better decisions, so don't turn them down. Their experience with a problem like yours may become you greatest asset in solving your problem. Anyone can offer an opinion, but few people have actually had to solve that problem. Listen to everyone, but pay special attention to the ones who have solved that problem before. Those people are the ones who can guide you, help you with that problem the most.

When people need help in solving a problem, they often go to other people for advice. This is because different opinions are better for solving a problem, many opinions are better than one, and other people may have experienced a problem like yours and may be able to guide you in making better decisions. These people will want to help you, and you should allow them to. Next time you have a tough problem to solve, go to others for advice, because they can help you solve it.