It's just another ordinary day in school an so tired and stressed. But luckily you are saved by playing you favorite sport, or you like going round the school taking pictures for a yearbook, you could even be reading your favorite book with your friends in a book club. I believe that students should be allowed to do at least one extracurricular activity of there choice. Because it relieves stress and make students look forward to school, can also be good for the school, and help student figure out what they want to do after they are done with school.

I think that these school activities are good because the student can use these activities as a way to relieve stress by reading. These groups can also include counseling if the student has any problems outside or inside of school. lastly students can use these activities to learn about what they and other student want to learn,

for example if the student wanted to learn photography he/she would be allowed to take pictures of flowers or animals. This is why I believe that students can relieve stress from school or from family.

Another that we should allow these activities is that they not only benefit the students but can also benefit the school.

this is because the student can make a club that every week they pick a random teacher and show her/him appreciation for helping us learn. Another thing a students can do is create posters for the school sports team. And they could help put together a school yearbook. This is how these activities will also help the school out.

lastly I think that this could be very helpful for the student and allow them to explore what they want to do. We can do this buy creating activities that can show the students hands on experience of the jobs they can do in the future. for example we could show the how to do there taxes or how to sign up for a credit card. I do personally believe this is a very important thing that we could show the students so they learn early on how to deal with life.

This is why I agree that student should take a extracurricular activities of there choice because it helps with many things. Such as relieving stress and making students happy. Can also help out the teachers and the school. And lastly let kids be aware of what they are going to face in the future and how to deal with it.