There is a seemingly big debate on the production of driverless cars and how they may be used and managed.

Personally i think it's great that they are bing able to make this advanced of technology to possibly build a vehicle that you don't have to drive, but i think it's better that a perosn drives a car.

I think it is better becasue driving a car keeps the person more sharp at the mind and aware of the things around them.

Although this would be a great idea to keep down the risk of drunk driving casualities a year.

To me I am honestly neuatral on the whole idea with driverless cars, but I can visualize how the cars can be good for society, and i can see how they could create major problems too.

The passage shares two easily argumentable sides of the story, The more postiive side being that there is an advancement in technology and that They would use half of the fuel we use now and would be better for public transportation.

Althought the cars themselves can also create some problems.

They talk aout how some of the cars arn't truely driverless yet and can't manuver around things such as road blocks, difficult traffic situations, and construction and have to alert the driver to take over.

Some people don't see the point in that and bring up the arguement wouldn't people get bored waiting for their turn to drive?

Honesty, I believe that the person would get bored and that there can be more cons that outweigh the pros when comes to the idea of the road laws and what would happen to someone if the car malfunctions. Do they blame it on the individual or the manufacturer?

I think they should wait on proceding to put out the invention of drivless cars until they are fully certain that they have everything they need to make the car safe and reliable for the road conditions.

There are many things that are great with the idea of the drivless car, but i also think that there are many things that weigh down the idea for now.

Although i think in the future they would make a great addition to technology and changing the way people use transportation, but for the present they should just wait to release them.