Many will say that distance learning is a really good option for students. Several students will benefit from distance learning by having better attendance, less problems , and it will also help students with certain disabilities or health problems . On the other hand , some will disagree by saying that if students dont attend actual school they will become lazy and irresponsible. Distance learning will benefit many student and also school.

Distance learning will benefit students in many ways such as better attendance . If students are allowed to attend school while at home it will give them less chances of not attending. Something that students hate most is waking up in the morning to get ready for school. Having to wake up so early in the morning just to attend school for about eight hours will cause a student to become lazy and tired.

Unfortunately some student are born or are diagnosed a certain disability to where they cant attend school . However those students with disabilities have a right to have an education. Distance learning will really benefit those students by allowing them to attend school from home. There are many reasons why students benefit from distance learning but being able to help a child with a disability on their education is the most important reason.

If students dont attend their actual school there will be less problems. Some students are treated really bad in school , many are bullied , and also many like to be drama queens . However if students attend school at home it will benefit a child because they wont have to see other students and there will be less drama and more education. Schools will stop having so many bullying problems.

On the other hand many will disagree and say that if students stay at home and pursue their education there they will become irresponsible and lazy. Students should be allowed to attend school how they want to . If a students becomes lazy because of distance learning the problem is within the student. Many will agree that it will make a student less lazy and more responsible. 