In a couple of years, cars completely controlled by humans will be outdated. There are positive arguments and negative arguments about driverless cars. I am for positive cars for multiple reasons.

My first reason that driverless cars are a good idea involves drunk driving. If a preson is drunk and trys to drive somewhere but can not concentrate, he will not be able to drive the car. The text states, "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills, such as navigation through work zones and around accidents" (Driverless Cars are Coming 7). If a person is drunk and does not respond to the car's warnings, the car will not navigate through the work zone. This feature will elimate accidents caused by somebody who is drunk and is not able to properly function a car by himself.

Another reason why I am for driverless cars is car awareness. According to the text, "Within 10 years, those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone" (Driverless Cars Are Coming 5). These sensors will completely eliminate blind spots. There are sensors all around the car that will warn it of a different car that is close to it. Many accidents are caused because somebody was going to change lanes on a road, but they did could not see the person that was in their blind spot.

My third reason that I am for driverless cars is that they have a gas milage that is twice as good as the cars that people drive today. One example from the text is, "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus" (Driverless Cars Are Coming 1). Not only will these cars have a better gas milage, but they will also be able to get to more places than a city bus would be able to go. If driverless cars were used instead of regular cars, the world would use half as much gasoline as it already does. That would mean that the world will be able to us gasoline for twice as long and it will take the world twice as long to run out.

In conclusion, I am for driverless cars. Driverless cars would be much safer on the roads than if humans were controlling cars. Many more lives would be saved if there were driverless cars, and much more gasoline would be saved for the future. Driverless cars will have a positive impact on the whole world.