Phones and Driving

In these times, phones are a huge distraction while on the road of driving. A Georgia law was made that drivers are to have a phone holder while driving in the vehicle, but there is still a large abundance of deaths in due to car accidents. According to research conducted at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP), teens who do not frequently use a phone while driving believe the benefits of putting away their phone while driving outweigh any drawbacks. In my opinion, I believe that phones should not be allowed of use during driving because it is inconsiderate of other drivers, it is illegal, it increases the number of deaths per year, and because it's a myth of multitasking while driving.

One reason I believe that phones should not be allowed of use during driving because it increases the number of deaths per year. For example, cell phone use while driving statistics and texting and driving facts show that this behavior is common and dangerous for teen drivers. Distracted driving is dangerous, and cell phone use while driving is a major factor. In 2018 according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, distracted driving was involved in 2,841 motor vehicle crash fatalities. Among those killed: 1,730 drivers, 605 passengers, 400 pedestrians and 77 bicyclists. Knowing cell phone use while driving statistics and texting and driving facts may help people manage a dangerous crash risk. Though texting and driving caused many injuries and deaths, there are still people who don't think it's a problem and are confident that they can use their phone and drive simultaneously. However, 34% of teens aged sixteen to seventeen spend about 10% of their driving time outside of their lane. This affects other people who are driving and can cause the deaths of innocent lives.

Another reason I believe that phones should not be allowed of use during driving because it is inconsiderate of other drivers. The consciousness of events happening around vehicle has a huge impact on driving. It is necessary for the drivers to monitor outside events and their possible impacts on driving. Using cell phones make it difficult to keep an eye on the outside events. Negligent behavior is highly immoral and unethical as it exposes human lives to a huge threat of accidents that could ultimately lead even to death. Now, a new study indicates that damn near everybody uses their phone while behind the wheel, damn near all the time. Using sensor data from more than 3 million drivers and 5.6 billion miles of trips, driving analytics company Zendrive found drivers are using their phones on 88 percent of their journeys. The average driver spends 3.5 minutes on the phone per hour trip, a stat that sounds worse when you realize just a two-second distraction increases your risk of crashing by 20 percent.

The last reason I believe that phones should not be allowed of use during driving because it's a myth of multitasking while driving. Multitasking is valued in today's culture, and our drive for increased productivity makes it tempting to use cell phones while behind the wheel. People often think they are effectively accomplishing two tasks at the same time. And yes, they may complete a phone conversation while they drive and arrive at their destination without incident, thus accomplishing two tasks during the same time frame.                                                