When asked to do summer projects, students normally cringe a little. But, if you let the students choose what the project should be about, then they will want to complete it a little bit more than when a teacher designs it. In this paper I will be explaining why students should design their own projects instead of teachers. Students should design their own projects because they will be more excited and eager to work on it, the projects would be better because the students would most likely spend more time on it, and lastly the students would get to enjoy more of their summer because they would get the project done and not feel like they worked super hard.

If the students were to design their own project they would be more eager to work on it. This is because the people that make the topic usually have some interest in the topic. And with interest in the topic the students would want to work and actually spend time on the project. When a teacher makes a project it is almost always less appealing than a student made project. Causing the students to not want to work on it and learn. this is why a student made project would cause the students to be eager and ready to learn more about the topic.

Furthermore, the projects would be better because the students actually care about them. See when a teacher makes the project, A student like myself would just rush to get it done and get a good passing grade then enjoy my summer. but if students made it, I would most likely spend a little more time on it causing the project to be more complete and more presentable. In return students would get a decent grade, be more informed about the topic, and get to feel better about themselves in the end.

Lastly, students would get to enjoy more of their summer. It would feel like this anyway because the student made project wouldnt really feel like a project. especially if it is a group project, it would just be like hanging with your friends in the summertime. and If you are a really eager student, you could get the project done in the first week or two of the summer then get to spend the rest of your time doing whatever you like to do during the summer.

In conclusion, A student made project would be the best option for the students. Because the would get to enjoy their summer and learn a little at the same time. and in all they wouldnt feel obligated to such a chore during the summer.

I hope you can understand why the student body should make their own projects for the summer and not teachers.