Students have to attend school to learn more efficiently, but long distance learning is not good because you have to take your own notes online ,however, if you were to attend school on regular time, you would not have to worry about taking your own notes. Although, online is still a option because you just need a computer or a laptop to take online classes, and not having to worry about missing the class when the teacher took notes that day. All you have to do for online school or video conferencing is get online and do all your classes, and not worry about getting to school. Students need to go to school instead of online or video conferences to learn more and participate in class or school.

Going to school than taking online classes or video conference is way better because you go to school and actually pay attention and not get distracted of what is around you in school ,however, taking online classes can get you easily distracted when you're at home or a public place trying to do you work and you hear people talking and having conversations all around you. While you're in school you can peacefully finish all your work in class and ask for a question, or even help from the teacher, but if you're taking online classes your only source is most likely going to be a online source, or the guides they give you online which might not be always correct. The information online could be outdated. while the information at school is planned out and ready to be given out by the teacher or staff at school. Even though, everyone would prefer online classes over actually going to school, people should consider going to school for a backup just in case the people taking online classes don't like how it is done. Going to school and learning just for being in class helps you in a lot of ways such as visually, speaking, and self control, however, if you're at home taking online classes it will only help on your visual learning.

Taking online classes can probably be difficult sometimes, because people can forget to take the class the day you need to log in ,however, going to school and knowing which days to go to school is very helpful because you can learn without any problems happening. Although taking classes online and not having to go anywhere and stay where you are is good, you're putting your grades at risk, the computer can malfunction or even be corrupted with a virus on it, and it can slow down your computer or even shut it off every time you need to do your work. This is why going to school is more efficient. The people that go to school have no worries just bring all the materials they need for class and work and pay attention. Also students can have more time to work and can be actively speaking with our teachers too, for questinos and answers to help students. Students need to go to school instead of online or video conferences to learn more and participate in class or school.