A google cofounder, Sergey Brin, has invisioned a new public safety transportation system. His ide is driverless cars, the cars are expected to have many safety features, use less fuel, and expand carrying capacity. But are they really as safe as they are made out to be? How can this new idea affect manufacturers, drivers, owners, and insurance companies? Will this new technology solve any problems that drivers currently face, or could this vehicle create more?

Technology often does not work as it is supposed to and this causes frustration. In this case, if the technology does not work as it should it could be at fault for human injure or even death. If the vehicle is on autopilot and isn't familiar with its location it is possible that the vehicle could go off course or glitch. In certain situations, the vehicle may not do what we think that it will do. It will need our assistance, but if we are not notified then a driver may not know and it cold cause an accident. This brings up the question asked in the pasage, would this be seen as the drivers fault or the manufacturers?

Manufacturers and drivers may end up getting into many disputes over the technology within the vehicle. The problem is that the driver could ie and say that the vehicle never notified him/her even if they were actually controlling the vehicle. Insurance companies, manufacturers, and owners of these cars could be put into situations that they never woud have been put into if it weren't for the technology. Technology is a privledge, and it does not workm all of the time. Manufacturers will make thousands of hese vehicles, who's to say that you will be the one to be in the next newspaper add because your car didn't quite work as it was meant to?

There is always a risk with everything that we do. Driving a car has a risk, you could be struck by a drunk driver or end up in a ditch. Things do happen, but these self driving cars can not fix all of these problems. There will still be other drivers who refuse to use the driverless cars and they could cause accidents. If a drunk driver is about to hit a driverless car, what makes you think that your safety is guaranteed? There is always a risk, question is whether or not the risk triumps the expected safety of the vehicles.

Is it possible that the owners of these vehicles will be notified to take the wheel but instead they are asleep or not paying attention? Drivers could abuse the safety features of these vehicles and make it look as if it was the manufacturers faut rather than their own. The car watching the driver feature could help in this case but not in all cases.

These cars can still be dangerous as far as safety goes. That does not make it a bad idea though. Problems could lead to solutions and solutions may lead to the success of the vehicles. Also, the idea of using less fuel and having a wider space capacity than most other vehicles is also a very good feature to the vehicles. But can the manufacturers pull it off? It is likely, but will it ever actually happen? These vehicles may appear sooner than we think, we'll just have to see if they become a success or just another idea that didn't meet its expectations. Only time will tell.