Summer vacation is a time for students to relax from all the work and stress associated with school. Teachers assign arduous assignments and projects that requires many hours to complete. Should summer projects be teacher -designed or student -designed? Summer projects should be student designed because students will be more inclined to do the project, student projects are unique and it is a good experience for the youth.

Students will be more intrigued by projects created by their peers. Projects assigned by teachers are often dull and pointless. Having seen many projects assigned by adults, students understand the basis of a quality project idea. Peer designed projects are often more fun, as it was created by a young creative mind. Students will be more interested in taking part in student -designed projects over the summer.

Student -designed projects are very unique, as they have participated in numerous projects. Teachers assign multiple projects per class in a given year. Students often find teacher -designed projects to be useless and is seen as busy work. Peers understand what a creative and helpful project consists of. Summer projects should be fun and easy because students worked hard all year. Student -designed projects would be relaxed and more unique.

Teacher -designed projects are often complex with multiple segments. Students look forward to a relaxing summer, as they worked very hard during the school year. School creates lots of stress and students often lose hours of sleep. Projects designed by teachers could be more beneficial to learning, but will intrude on the students time off. Stress is the last thing students need during their summer break.

Summer projects designed by students will be beneficial to both the student and teacher. Designing a project is a good experience for kids to have, as it helps with creativity and leadership. Summer projects should be student designed because students will be more inclined to do the project and student projects are very unique. 