Many people seek advice from more than one person. It is something that we can do to ensure our information is correct, we are making the right decision, and we are respecting other ideas. But there can be positives and negatives, some of which may stop us from seeking advice at all. Asking for advice from multiple people can expose other perspectives about the idea that could have been forgotten about or unseen or one person could catch a mistake that another person or you didn't. By seeking multiple opinions, people clarify their thoughts, ideas, and decisions and it can help to catch flaws and errors.

Asking for advice can make someone change their idea. By asking for advice, we are showing that we are unsure and need clarity. So, by asking multiple people, it can help us to understand other opinions, ideas, and points of view that were never really thought about. These opinions can revise decisions and ideas and can stop us from doing something irrational. Advice has a positive affect and even if one person doesn't give the best advice, by asking multiple people you will fix the bad advice with someone else's advice. Asking multiple people is like going down and assembly line of revisions it may take time and understand but the end product will be perfect.

Not having clarification could cause us to us to change our idea on our own and we may not see the mistakes hiding inside. Say you are writing a paper for school, only others can really see your mistakes, not because you are bad at revising but because if you read over it, you would see what you want to see. But when a fresh set of eyes looks over it, they don't know what the paper should be like and it will be easier for them to identify mistakes. This is another reason that advice is beneficial and will lead to a better end product. Having other opinions can expose mistakes and help us fix them.

Asking for advice can also lead to stress from incidents such as getting multiple opinions that clash ,or doing one thing that one person would like but another person wouldn't. When asking for help, you will need to understand that you may agree with it or not but you can always try out different ideas and they could work for you. I once heard a quote, "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." This shows to push your boundaries and to try out advice that may clash with someone else's ideas or you are not really comfortable with. Advice can be very helpful and it can be used to your advantage and will be beneficial to life because without it some a lot people would be in a harder place than the little added stress of multiple opinions.

By seeking multiple opinions, people clarify their thoughts, ideas, and decisions and it can help to catch flaws and errors. Advice is important for decision making and by asking multiple people, you will see what different kinds of people think of your ideas.

Although asking for advice from many people can cause stress and more decision making, it can help us to see other sides of the story and could help us in the long run. Sometimes self clarity is key, but it wont hurt to get a little advice from a couple of other perspectives.        