The author supports his or her idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents by explaining why Venus should be studied ,the reasons why studying Venus is difficult, and the solutions to the problems caused by the climate of Venus.

The author supports his or her idea by stating the reasons why Venus should be explored. The author states in paragraph 4, "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel." The reason stated supports the authors idea because without a reason to study Venus there would likely be very little reason to justify studing Venus without a proper incentive.

The author further supports his or her idea by explaining why studying Venus would be so difficult. The author explains in paragraph 3, "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere." If there were no explanation on why it would be diffucult to study Venus there would be no way for scientists to figure out solutions to the various problems of studying Venus.

The author then goes on to explain possible solutions for the obstacles of studing Venus. The author states in paragraph 7, "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers." The author also states in paragraph 7, "...some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." By explaining possible solutions the author proves that there is hope in studying and that attempting to study Venus isn't a futile effort.

The author supports his or her idea to study Venus by explaining why Venus should be studied, why it is so difficult to study Venus, and by explaining possible solutions to studing Venus. if there were no reason to study Venus then Venus wouldn't even be attempted study. Without an explanation of the problems of studying Venus there would be no form of figuring out a solution. With the help of possible solutions, more effective solutions can be found in the future.

3. explaining the resons wy its hard to explore