As current generations have seemingly become codependent with technology, it is only logical to introduce a greater technological presence into primary education by allowing students to enroll in online classes. Virtual classrooms allow students to pace themselves through coursework in the comfort of their own homes; providing students with the opportunity to work in a flexible and relaxing environment. Exposing young scholars to online classrooms and video conferences also teaches them to become independent and how to properly manage their time at a very early age, which prepares them for their futures after high school. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because they would be able to pace themselves in a stress-reduced environment, they would learn or improve essential skills such as responsibility, independence, and proper time management at an early age, and would be better prepared to pursue higher education or to enter the workforce.

For modern students, who are constantly surrounded by distractions and have busy schedules, online courses are an essential alternative to the stressful demeanor of traditional schooling. Online classes differ from any other type of formal education, because they allow students to complete their work at their pace and can be completed in any desired location. For example, students who are easily distracted by their peers would be much more productive if they could complete their coursework in an isolated area, such as the library or their house. Allowing students to work in the comfort of their own home also reduces their external stress that could be caused in a classroom setting, and makes them feel at ease with their familiar surroundings. The flexible pacing of online classes also allows students to complete their work to their liking; allowing students to complete coursework far ahead of time if needed. Students know their individual schedules better than anyone, and online courses allow them to adjust their coursework around their schedules, rather than trying to cram in coursework when they are busy. For the modern student who does multiple extracurricular activities in addition to their schoolwork, this degree of flexibility is essential. The flexible nature of online courses makes them an necessary alternative to traditional schooling for modern students, in addition to teaching students essential skills to succeed in all facets of life.

Although the pacing and nature of virtual classrooms may be flexible, students will learn that they are held accountable for their work, and will learn essential skills such as responsibility, independence, and proper time management through their online class. One of the main points those in opposition like to argue is: if young students are given the opportunity to complete their coursework among the distractions of their home and are without supervision, they will not complete their work. However, what the opposition refuses to mention is that those few students are reprimanded for their poor quality of work and receive a low grade. Deadlines are firm in online classes, and students partaking in them will learn to hold themselves responsible for the quality of work they produce. The self paced nature of virtual classes also forces students to properly manage their time to receive a superior grade. Being able to manage time properly is an essential skill for all facets of life, and it only helps for students to learn this early on. Additionally, students will improve both their independence and intrinsic motivation from taking online classes, as they need to motivate and manage themselves to complete their coursework on time. All these skills learned from online classes are vital for all facets of life, and can only better prepare students for their futures outside of high school.

The flexible nature, accountability, and essential skills learned from online courses all prepare students for their pursuit of higher education or entrance into the work force. College classes are ran very similarly to online courses, where students complete most of their coursework independently and are held accountable for their performance. By taking virtual courses, students are essentially preparing themselves for college courses by pacing themselves through their coursework and learning to manage their time properly without distractions. Students that excel in online courses should not have a difficult time adjusting to the flexibility of college courses, as they have successfully learned how to manage their time wisely. As for online students who are planning on entering the workforce after high school, the skills that they have learned from their virtual courses will only improve their job performance. Former online students that have learned proper accountability, independence, and flexibility will excel in all facets of life. These essential skills can assist former online students in any job they will encounter, and can only improve their personal lives as well. The learned skills and structure of online courses exceedingly prepares students to pursue higher education or a job, by providing them with essential tools to excel in all walks of life.

Overall, students would benefit from being able to attend online courses, in almost all respects. The skills virtual students would learn are essential to succeeding in all walks of life, whether that is pursuing higher education or entering the workforce upon graduation. Granting current students the option to enroll in online courses is in the best interests of future generations to come, as mankind must adapt to coexist with technology by implementing it into primary education.