Phone's & Driving essay

In today's life our cellphones are the key to help us with everything we do such as, keep our plans together, keep people connected, alarm, and plenty of other things. Even though cellphones have not been around for a long time It is still a well known fact that our cellphones are a big distraction even when driving. When driving u should be alert and pay attention to all surroundings and while being on your phone u can lose focus and cause a accident. So to answer the question no u should not use a cellphone when driving.

In our current days we have become so focused on how much we can do at once that start to risk our personal safety because no matter where we go we cannot put our phones. We all know some stories of people texting while driving and causing accidents that's how you know that texting while driving is a very dangerous task. To make things clear when u start to text you are putting the lives of other people in your hands because u are careless to pay attention to the road at all times.

Everyday their is a report of someone dying to a driver texting and driving. It's know that cellphones are the key factor that cause accidents. It doesn't matter what u tell people about the issue they will still use the cellphones and that's not okay because I don't feel safe just by walking down the street and a person hits me because they are not paying attention. I don't feel like my life should be in there hands. Some say maybe they are on a emergency call but you can put the phone on speaker without holding the phone to your ear and not driving with full control over the vehicle.

To put it all in perspective if we don't give up cellphones for our own safety the number of accidents will only increase. It's up to the people to take responsibility on this issue. People should just put the phones down get to there destination and then continue to use your phone. So to finish my essay I agree that yes we should not use cellphones when driving.         