Dear Editor,

American culture's foundation is on sports. America plays in football, basketball, baseball, soccer, and many others. So to say that students that are not qualified to play sports because of their grade average is low is not like the American way. As a student of this school, I would like to say that if most students have a grade C average, then what is the reason for having sports at all? Most students that have a grade C or lower are actually better at sports than students that have a grade B or higher. If only students that have a grade B or higher can participate in sports, there will be fewer students in the sport's team. Other schools will then have an advantage over our school when we verse against them.

The students that have grades C and lower are usually the ones that are big and exercise outside a lot. The ones that usually have a grade B or above are usually the ones studying inside. So if the new rule in school that says that only students with a grade average of B or higher may participate in school sports, would that not jeopardise the students will to play sports? If only students that have a grade B or higher can participate in sports, there will be fewer students in the sport's team. Other schools will then have an advantage over our school when we verse against them. As a student with an average grade of A' s, I would like to say let the students who want to play sports play and let the students who do not want to play sports play.

If the rule says that only above average students can play sports, but over half of the school's population is average or under average in grades, then would that not mean that the sports' coaches would have to pick basically everyone who participates? I believe that it does because especially in football, they need many players.

If students who have no experience in sports, but try out and make it, this can jeopardises the school records in their sports because they'll lose every game. Because of this the school might as well not even participate in sports.

I believe strongly that this rule should not go in this schools book because then the whole system will be a mess, even though it already is. As a student of this school, and also one who enjoys sports, .The students who have an average grade or lower should be allowed to participate in sport activities in school because they have the rights to do so.      