To you, a car may mean no more than just getting from point A to point B. Cars play a much bigger impact than it may seem. They affect not only the person driving, but the people around it. They also have a negative impact on the greenhouse gases. So riding a bicycle to work one day, won't just be good for you, it will also be good for the enviroment around you.

Cars have become a universal item. A lot of people have them, but no really gives them much thought. There are a few places that have spent the time and really developed ways to keep a community clean without the hazardous fumes coming from the car exhaust. For example, Vauban, Germany has developed a system where cars are banned. The only place you can keep your car is on the outskirts of town in designated garages. Due to this, most people dont even have a car, and have chosen to sell it before moving in. In Bogota, Columbia they had a developed a day free of cars where anyone that drove a car would have to pay a fine. According to the governer it was a amazing thing and everyone was participating in it. This also helped get some the nasty gases that they produce away.

Cars give of hazardous gases threw their exhaust. These gases will rise and get caught in the ozone. Which impacts the enviroment greatly in more ways than one. It can cause the air your breathing to be toxic. It also is one of the main reasons for "Global Warming". Paris learned this the hard when they reached a record level pollution. They decided they had no choice but to ban half the cars one day and ban the other half the next day. After this the congestion was down 60%, proving that it has helped greatly. Just imagine if one day instead of driving you could ride a bike and help change the eviroment.

Places have tried to develop ways to reduce the levels or gases. Some have been very succesful, for example, in Bogota and Vauban they have found creative ways to help. The question is whether or not cars should be done with all together. To that i'd have to say no, cars play a big part in getting to work on time or traveling. Taking cars away would mean taking away family trips and other fun things to do with cars. The real answer to the question is that cars should not become so much of a necessity. There should be ways for people to get around better without the use of cars. Now what that might be, the future has yet to tell.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            