Dear senator of state,

I think keeping Electoral colleges is a key benifit for this state and also this country. According to the article "

Does the Electoral College work?

",The founding fathers established this process in the constitution as compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by popular demand. The Electoral college process consits of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by Congress. The Electoral college consits of 538 electors. A majority of electoral votes is required to elect the President. The passage also states that under the 23rd Amendment of the constitution, the district of columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the electoral college. for this reason, in the following discussion, the word "state" also refers to the District of Columbia,

The presidential election is held every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. You choose your state's electors when you vote for President because when you vote for your candidate you're actually voting for your candidate's electors. Most states have a "Winner take all" system that awards all electors for the winning of thhe Presidential candidate. However, Maine and Nebraska each have a Variation of the "proportional representation". After the presidental election, your governor prepares a "Certificate of Ascertainment" lisiting all of the candidates who ran for President in your state along with the names of their respective electors. The certificate also declares the winning of the presidential candidate in your state and shows which electors will represent your state at the meeting of electors each year.

The electoral college is widely regartded as an Anachronism, a non-democraric method of selecting the president that ought to be overruled by delcaring the canidant who recives the most votes the winner. each partt selects a trusted elector to vote for the parties nominee.    