Why Summer Projects Should be Designed by Teachers

Summer projects are given out to students for the purpose of learning and devolping over their break. Teachers take the responsibily of making sure their students are well informed and understand the concept of their project before they go. That being said, teacher-designed projects are more likey to have a better affect on students becasue of their expirience on the project in the past and supirior knowledge. Not only would this help students achieve more succesful results when they return, but also give them better knowledge about their project.

One example would be that if teachers have delt with the project before, they must already have a better understanding on what's expected from the students if he/she wants them to continue with their learning. Teachers with experience can also help students by providing them with different examples about past projects, so they can see for themselves on how to perform and accomplish it. This can as well benefit the students on having positive results and feedback when they return. Furthermore, teachers know that nothing new is being shown since they've designed and handled with the project before. Meaning, this will make their job eaier to expalin and assist those who need it.

Another example would be the amount of knowledge the teacher has and provies to their students which can be put for good use when designing the project. They know what their students have learned and the things they've haven't. Gathering all of that information from what they've taught and shown throughtout the school year into one summer project, would make an excellent assignment for thier students to get the best high-learning quality. Teachers designing projects could also mean expecting higher outcomes on their learning skills and standards. As as well as, better opportunities for thier students to learn something they can hold onto for the rest of their lives that could perhaps be very valuable.

With all this being said, student-designed summer projects simply wont give the most learning performance out of a student then to a project designed by a teacher. While they might sound easier for the student to do, they don't know as much as a teacher would. Teacher-designed projects get in depth about the purpose of the lesson and what the student should get out of if it. Meant to give the student the most reliable information and tasks he/she won't forgot during the summer. Specifically designed by his/her own teacher who knows what their strengths and weeknesses have been during the school year. In hopes to create something that'll continue on with their learning.