Some students take online classes they think is good to take more classes than in classroom.

However, when they need to turn the work and they are stuck in problem they can not find teacher to help them, or the device has broken, so students they can not turn the work.

Although some people think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, it is actually true that students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because there are no teacher for help them and some students they do not have internet at home.

When the students find a problem they will need teacher for help them to turn the work before the deadline.

However, if there are no teacher for helps them, then students will can not turn the work on time and students will get bad grade.

As result, one student is takes class online, in one day he find problem that he can not understand it and there are no teacher for help him, then he get bad grade because he can not understand the problem to turn the work on time.

So, if the students take the classes in classroom they will turn the work on time because there are teacher in classroom.

Therefore, students need teacher for solve the problem that the students was stuck on it to turn the work.

Some student they do not have internet at home or they do not have good internet to do the work.

However. some students when they do the work they can not submit it before time end because they do not have good internet.

As result, one student he live in area that they do not have good internet, so when he want to submit the work the network does not working and then he get bad score because he did not submit the work.

So, if the students take the classes in classroom they do not need internet to submit the work.

Therefore, students they do not need internet to submit the work in classroom.

To conclude, students will benefit from taking the classes in classroom to get good grade, understand the lesson and learn form lessons to help them in life time.

Therefore, classroom was benefit more than take the classes online because students will find teacher to help them and they do not need internet to turn the work. 