In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" there was an arguement about how it's safe invention to be put out of the road and test drive it and how it's not really a smart idea and people can get hurt while in operations of the driverless car. Even though it may seem like a really cool invention there is a lot of things that can go wrong while in operation of the car. So no, I don't think that driverless cars are a good idea because it may cause accident, we don't know how the technology will react in extreem measures, and the driver may be distracted by everything that is going on behind the weel.

Many, many things can go wrong for example wihle driving the technology in the driverless car can malfunction and cause an accident, or while in operation the driver may not be able to stop the driverless car and also cause an acciedent. Theres a whole bunch of things that can go wrong while uding a diverless car. For example the driver might get distracted in times where the car alrets the driver to take over. The driver may not know how that senerio will play out. More so when the driver isn't paying any attention to the road and what the driverless car is doing. Another example would be that the technolgy might fail under extreem measure like when it's at a 4-qay intersection it may not stop, the car may not relize that it was to stop untill it's too late and an accident is cause, just because the car didn't see what was going on or there may have been a glitch that caused an accident. All of these things that can happne need to be taken into account. Because in all honesty we can't always depend on the new and cool technology that comes out of the years, have of the new technology that come outs, all the the technolgy may have many glitches and maybe no one will notice on time untill it's too late, untill an accident is caused. In the text it stated that "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelarate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navagating throughwrok zones and around accidents."

i understand that most drivers are alert and ready when it comes to these types of situations, but what about the ones that don't pay a whole lot of attention to the road while they're driving? How are they going to deal with the driverless car malfuntioning or notifying them that they need to take acion when it's needed? I feel that diverless cars will propose a lot more accidents when the car itself get more popular.

In conclution, i think that driverless cars are a bad idea because it may cause accidents, we don't know how the technology will react in extreem measures, and the driver may be distracted by everything that is going on behind the weel. There is a lot of factors that are involed than it just being a cool invention or a cool thing to be able to drive. There is a lot that goes into making sure that the car is safe for human use and making sure that it won't cause a lot more accidents that are needed. I just feel that it would be a bad idea since the project/invention isn't devleoped all the way. Since they're still unsure of what the outcome is on making this invention become a possiblity for others to experiance.