I think cell phones should be banned while driving. In today's society , cell phones are very popular. People have a habit of texting they are driving. Texting while driving is very dangerous because you don't know what may happen. You may have a car wreck if you are not paying attention to the road. Cell phones have many disadvantages when texting while driving somewhere. Thats why i think cell phones should be banned while driving.

Cell phones should be banned while driving. It is for your safety and the surrounding drivers safety. For example, if you get a text message from someone, you can't pay attention to both the road and phone. You are putting many people's lives at risk. Many will continue to do it if cell phones are banned. Some think they that it is ok to text while driving.

There are many negative effects of texting while driving.

Reading and responding to someone message makes the driver not paying attention to the road. Most people swerve in and out of the white line when they text and drive. Therefore the activity is very risky for the surrounding drivers. All states should make it illegal to text and drive. There are some people that think they are very good at multitasking so they see no problem with texting and driving. They will learn one day.

Innocent people's lives are taken because others do not want to follow rules. They think and don't notice that they are driving careless . You don't necessarily have to be texting. You can be in your phone in general. You can be changing your music or watching a video, etc. That's why cell phones should be banned while driving.

To sum it all up, be on your phone while driving is one of the main causes of wreck and car injuries. People should sit there phone down while driving until they get to the destination. People should pay more attention to the road. Some have to pay fines if they are caught texting and driving. If every other stay pass a law, or make them pay fines, people would calm down from being on their phones and driving.   