Does the Electoral College work? Are you happy with a group of electors choosing your president? I write this letter to you, our state senator, because, like many other U.S citizens or residents, I have my own opinion. I am in favor of the idea of changing to popular vote. Electoral College does not work, it is unfair to voters because a president with the highest popular vote could not win,and it could be "disaster factor". Many are familiar with this term: "compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens"(What Is the Electoral College?,1), but how does it benefit us? Does it express our opinions and preferences?

Lets go back in time to the election of 2000, The candidate with the most popular votes was Gore, therefore, everyone was expecting him to win. The mayority was happy with the outcome until they counted the electoral votes, Bush had more electors on his side than Gore. Nobody understood why, they gave the country the president less wanted. Dispite the fact that it was the first time since 1888, (because it happened once and for sure it could happen again), Why did all those people voted if they got the president they didn't trust to rule their country? In History class, my teacher told us: "This country's foundation is for the people to rule the government, in other places (like Italia, Argentina, Spain, etc.) the government takes care of the people, like it they were our parents." I believe we stay true to the foundations and let the people choose the president they want.

"The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system alloys for much worse"(Plumer,1). This quote is based on 1960,when people who favored separation based on race nearly Democratic electors were replaced with the ones who would oppose Kennedy. Many electors make a last minute change in their decision and they decide to go over to the other side and vote against theit original choice, the party's candidate. "When you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors"(Posner,1).

Another reason why this system should be abolished is the winner-take-all system. The candidates do not spend time in the states in which they believe they have no chance of winning. States had not even seen the candidate and in some cases, they even haven't seen a poster. For example, Plumer says in a expert from "Mother Jones" that "During the 2000 campaing , seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and Soth California, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a dingle campaign add." The Electoral College system is unfair to the voters.

Overall, My beliefs (and the beliefs of hundreds) is that the electoral college is unfair for the voters because it can be the cause of some major disaster and it can choose the candidate the public is not haoory with. The votes are people who want to express, or show, political preferences, people who are determines to change their country for good, so give them the right to do it. "It's hard to say this, but Bob Dole was right: Abolish the electoral college!" (Plumer,1).    