The Face

Some people belevie that the landform is a face, but they need to face the facts. The face is that hte "face" is just shadows on a landform. NASA has discovered that the "face" is like a butte or mesa on earth which are landforms common around the American West. In 1998 NASA captured photos that revelad that it was just a natural landform, and in 2001 using the camera's highest resoluton on a clear day the photo comfires this. Some people might say that NASA is trying to hide the fact that there is alien life on Mars, but they need to look at the fact that NASA would love that and would benefit form finding alien life. All together NASA has the evidence to suppor the fact the the "face" is just a landform.

First off, NASA has discovered that the "face" is just a butte or mesa commonly found in the American West. In the article it states, "'It reminds me moost of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,'says Garvin". This shows that NASA's cheif scientist for it's Mars Exploration Program knows it is just like a butte or mesa. This means that a person who sees things like this on a daily basis knows that it is just shadows making a land form look like something else. If a cheif scientist knows that it is just a landform than that means that we should have no problem understanding what it is.

Secondly, in 1998 NASA captured photos that it was just a natural landform. NASA was able to look at the pictures of the same area and tell that the "face" wasn't created by aleins, but was just a "freak of nature". In the text it states "Michael Malin and his Mars Obiter Camera tteam snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photo". This shows that the picture in 1998 was much mre clear and that shadows caused the "face" on Mars. The original camera used by the origianl Viking team cannot compare to the one used in 1998. The original photo that showed the face happened because of a horrible camera and shadows. With this evidence about the camera it confirms that the "face" is just a landform.

Lastly, people complained that the photo in 1998 didn't show all of the landform because of the clouds in the wasy, so in 2001 on a clear summer day Malin's team captured a new picture. The text reads, "'Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution". This shows that the team took the best photo on the best conditions possible and once again proved that the "face" is a landform. Malin who is a professional took two pictures that prove that the "face" is not a face at all yet, a natural landform that looked like a face from the shadows. With the evidence from the maximum resolution camera it is easy to see that the "face" is a land form.

On the other hand, some people say that NASA is hiding the fact that there is alien life on Mar's. These people have absolutly no evidence to support that claim. NASA is struggeling with budget cuts would have mush more funding for finding alien life so that atomaticaly throws out the possibilty of NASA iding alian life. The consporacy theorists also have no evidence to support their claim. NASA has taken multiple photos that show that the "face" is just a landform like a butte or mesa (which are most common in the American West). With all of the information pointing the other way consiparcy theorists have nothing to go on to support their wild claim.

All in all, the evidence only supports that the "face" is just a natural landform. The "face" resembels a butte or a mesa, and NASA has taken multiple high quality pictures that prove that it is just a landform. Although somepeople might disagree, the "face" is just a simple landform and will look the same way for years to come.