The Downside of Online Classes

A couple of schools offer online classes through virtual videos and video conferencing for students to take from home. Some schools might think that students would benefit from this and others think that this is not a good idea. From my perspective, students would not benefit from taking online classes for many reasons such as; they could get distracted easily, they miss out interacting with teachers and students, and they would eventually get bored of online school at home.

To begin with, many students K though 12th grade get distracted easily. The distraction is not because we don't want to do the work, but it's our minds. Everyone's minds work in a different way and theres always going to be that part of us that gets distracted by the small things around us. Also, technology is somewhat of an issue because it distracts many people because of the games and many apps that it has. Students could go off task and go off playing games or watching videos while they are supposed to be learning and doing their work online. For example, sometimes even I get distracted while doing my work at home through my computer or smart device because of the many other things I could be doing instead of doing homework. There are many distractions online and around us that could make us go off task instead of keeping us focused to do our work.

Furthermore, many students would miss out on interacting with other students, teachers, and staff. In other words, when you are taking online classes the only person there with you would be your teacher, whom is communicating with you through your computer. No one else would be there with you to help you through it, everything would have to be on your own. Ultimately, if you are in a school many teachers and students would be there to assist you with any questions or concerns that you might have. Also, you would miss out on a lot more exciting events such as school dances,

football games, and pep rallies. There is so much that you would miss out if you wouldn't go to a public school and decided to take online school instead.

Ultimately, you would also be spending almost all day in your house because of online classes. A regular school day is about 8 hours, meaning the online classes would be about the same time , or more or less. In school 8 hours is already tiring enough because of the learning and listening, but think of 8 hours at home with no breaks in between, that would be extremely exhausting. Almost all students that attend school come for a full 8 hour day, which includes break in between classes, then once school is over they go back home to be able to relax. If you are at home for 8 hours doing work, you wouldn't want to spend time relaxing at your home because eventually it would get boring there after a while. In my experience being at home gets boring to the point where I don't know what else to do to not be bored at home. In other words, being in the same place for a whole day would get boring and uncomfortable.

On the other hand, other schools claim that it is a good idea for students to take online classes. They are in favor of taking online classes through video conferencing. Some of the schools think that online classes are a good idea because many students could possibly avoid drama, get 1 on 1 assistance, and learn quicker. Although some of it is true, online classes should not be necessary. Online school should only be necessary if a student does not feel safe at their school because of personal reasons.

Overall, online classes are not a good idea at all unless it is necessary because of safety issues. Besides that, it would not be a good idea because many students would get distracted when they are supposed to be doing work, students would miss out on interacting with other students, teachers, and staff, and they would spend most of their day at home which is unhealthy.