Dear State Senator of Florida,

I believe that we should keep the Electoral College. The Electoral College has been a huge part of America since our founding fathers, who established this process. This process helps keep America in order in and in line. Where would our country be without it? We would be lost and confused with no direction to follow. The Electoral College helps keep America's voting process organized, which is key to a well functioning country. Which is why I believe that we should absolutley keep the Electoral College so that our voting process stays organized and because it has kept our country functioning since the very beginning.

I believe we should keep the Electoral College because it has kept our country functioning since the very beginning. Our founding fathers were the ones the establish the Electoral College which means it has been around since the beginning of our country. We should not change this tradition of America because it has seemed to kept us running smoothly for this long so why would we want to change that for no reason? If we stopped this tradition and changed it to all popular vote from citizens we would be hurting America in a huge way. It would completely change our ways of thinking, living, and running of America. Yes, a lot has changed in America since our founding fathers and yes change is sometimes for the better in our country because things are obviously different now then what they were 200 years ago but change would not be for the better in this situation. Let's say your grandmother, Mr. Senator, has had a peach cobbler recipe in your family for ages and it just takes your breath away with all the flavor and its divine taste, but this recipe is very old. If your grandmother's old recipe taste so delicious you would not want to change one thing about that recipe. Well same with the Electoral College. Its extremely old but it has also kept our country running well and has not failed us yet so we should not change this process just like you would not want to change your grandmothers peach cobbler recipe. This is why I think we should keep the Electoral College because it has kept us going since the beginning and you do not change something just because it is old or thought of being outdated.

Voting for someone to be the head and leader of an organization is an extremely big deal, especially when that organization is a country with laws, citizens, and many other important topics. America needs to have a president willing to stand up for what is right, be there for his people, and run America in a smooth and organized fashion. If the elections were based upon popular vote then imagine what could happen, someone running for president could act like a person who is willing to take on the huge responsibility and stand up for what is right, but when everyone votes for him and they get into office then they turn into a total coward and someone not determined enough to take on the responsibility or take on America. With Electoral College those running for president are also being voted on by Congress and qualified citizens. This makes things run much more smoothly because citizens are still getting to put there two cents in but only if they are qualified which is much more reasonable. Citizens are a huge part of America, they have a lot to do with America running smoothly or not, which is why they should have a say in who runs their country, but no so much of a say that its unorganized and completely on their own opinion. I mean lets face it, us citizens have our flaws and dont always make the best decisions or have the best opinions. Having qualified citizens voting and Congress members voting make it much more understandable. Most Congress members will have been in Office for a very long time which makes them wiser and better to understand the whole voting process, the way America runs, and laws. Most will be able to pick out the better qualities for president out of each of the members running for president. This is why I belive we should keep the Electoral College because it keeps voting organized.

The Electoral College is what keeps our voting process in order. When something gets old you do not throw it away if it still is of good use for you and the Electoral College is definetly still in good shape and is doing our country well so we should not change it because it has kept our country functioning from the beginning and so our voting process stays organized.

Sincerely, a fan of the Electoral College    