Phew! The sun is shining, burgers are grilling, and the pool is filled with happy children! It's summer! The best time of year ever. But some schools are giving us projects over the summer to make sure we continue learning over the summer. While this may sound bad to some, I think the projects should be student-designed instead of teacher designed. I feel this way because we would be able to make it a fun project instead of doing some boring old PowerPoint project or something. Also we can help fit it into our schedule during the summer, we would know how long it would take, or how challenging it would be from the start. So I don't think it would be a bad idea to let students design their summer projects.

First, I said I think we should design our own projects because we could make it fun and exciting for us. No one wants to be stuck doing something boring like a 10 page essay, or something along those lines right? So why not let us design them so it can be a more enjoyable experience for us. Maybe when we come back during the school year we could get to show off our projects in like a project fair, or a contest. That would be a win win for the students and the staff.

Secondly, I said I think we should be able to design our own projects because we would be able to fit it in with our schedule. We could pick our own time frame on when we would want to complete the project. This would be helpful because some of us have summer jobs and if we know how long it would take and how hard it would be, we can easily make adjustments and fit the project in somewhere during the summer. It would save us from staying up countless nights trying to complete a boring project.

Some may disagree, and say that students shouldn't be able to design the work that they are given, but they just don't get it. They may think that because they don't want students to have a say so in anything. They want us to be slaves to the school and work non-stop with no fun. They are wrong. We deserve to make school the best experience for ourselves and for our peers around us.

Obviously, the better choice would be to let students design their own projects for the summer. Everything proves it right and there is nothing that could go wrong. There are no negatives in letting us decide what, and how our projects will be during the summer. In conclusion, that is why I don't think it is a bad idea for students to make their own projects.