School symbolizes education and the nurturing for those eager to learn. The commitment of developing your skills, like sharpening a blade, requires repetition of the knowledge that you have acquired through the source of education. If one were to divide themselves of this repetition they would not be able to grasp at what has been handed to them, education. A classic portrait of school is kids running around with pencils in their hand, discussing and disputing with one another to reach a conclusion. If one were to not be able to join this classic portrait they would not have the opportunities that were able to attend school and acquire the education they wanted. Though distance learning does have it negative aspects such as students not being adept to new technology, but this does not out weigh the fact that it is accessible for those that want to learn and the flexibility of distance learning; distance learning benefits students by having courses online enabling it to have a variety of paths to develop towards.

Distance learning has many challenges to face due to it still being in development. But it being at its early stages means that it is evidently going to have problems; although, if we were continue to iron out these problems it would be another tool/resource for students to use. The challenges that distance learning is facing is it greater than the standard method of education, how will it positively impact students, and does it limit the capacity for one to grasp the knowledge given out during class. Distant learning is a method of teaching that is able to reach out to students that do not have an oppurtunity to attend the common methodology of school which is commonly held in a classroom. If one that previously unable to attend classes being held in school and was now enabled to attend classes online would it not be evident enough of how effective distant learning is? It being accessible to anyone makes it a greater than the standard method of education; being able to reach out to students of all sorts disabled or not forms it into a resource that teachers and students can rely on. By reaching out to students who incapacitated to attend school regularly impacts students positively due to it being flexible and accessible for students. By bringing just a device and its charger a student now is able to learn anywhere that has Wi-Fi and an electric outlet. And the materials needed for distance learning is limited enabling students to not require any other resources other than laptop and it's charger. Limiting the capacity the teacher ability to teach is not a problem for distance learning its just the method of how a teacher teach in an online setting.

Having classes online presents a multitude of advantages for students and teachers alike due to its flexibility. If a teacher wanted to implement something to their class it would be just as easy if it were in school. Its advancement is not even done to completion. If we were to continue to expand upon its accessibility would present much fortune in the department of education as students with disabilities would have the oppurtunity to attend classes with other students in the same setting. The flexibility of distance learning and its positive future presents a new resource for teachers and students that would advance their effectiveness of learning and teaching, while students that are not able to attend regular school would now have to oppurtunity to do so. The benefits from distance learning outweigh the negative aspects that could be easily fixed with just a few keyboard strokes.