How would a student feel if they had to endure a lesson during the summer by a immature kid? Summer assignments have been implicated in student's daily lives since 7th grade. The theory is that if teachers provide students with a summer assignment, they will be ready for the classroom in the fall. However, there is a rise in the education department where they have to see if it is really benifical for the younger generation to have their assignments designed by a teacher or a student. The pratical answer for this discussion would be to have a teacher-designed summer assignment because it will prepare the students for their class, strengthn their abilities, and open their eyes to what the future would look like going into higher education.

Learning the material by someone who is already trained in this profession will help prepare the students for the year since the teacher is the one who is going to help them get a wide range of education. It will be more benifical if the students learn this way because its going to get them ready for the year. For example, if a math teacher gives a student a summer project that they designed they will already have a planned idea of what is going to be in the next school year. This will let the young adults see what they will be doing in the following school year which in turn can help the student understand if this class is the right clas for them.

Not to mention, if the summer assignments were teacher-designed it will give the students the oppurtunity to learn more about their strengths and weaknesses. In the school system more than 85% of the school's population have struggled in one or two subjects. Moreover, that means students will have a harder time grasping certain subjects when the school year begins. If the assignments where created by the teacher then they will have an easier time at the beginning of the year to understand what the student is struggling with. Moreover, it could also help the student by getting the student to think more about what they struggle with and how they can grow upon it since it is an independent project.

However, since it is a summer assignment, students would not be as motivated to do the work since it is an extended amount of time ot do a minimal activity. As teens go into summer they do not worry about the summer assignment and get this feeling of procrastination with the certain activity. 95% of teens around the world struggle with this thought and wait until the last minute. Which could be damaging to the students education.

Since procrastionation occurs it would be more likely for students to cheat. However, making the assignment teacher designed and giving it time stamps of when it is due during the summer will force students to deal with time managment. Moreover, if we allow our children to be interactive with teacher-designed assignments, then they will be more prepared for the future. For example, if an english teacher decides to make a summer assignment and put certain due dates during the summer rather then giving them a student-designed activity; It will give the student a chance to learn about what it means to have responsibilities. Which is important because it will make sure that students can be independent with their jobs.

The debate on whether or not summer assignments should be designed by a certain person has shown the community what really is important in this society. Our educators wanna make sure that the students will be prepared for what is coming to them, especially if they are taking an AP course. Moreover, it will shine light to some of the weaknesses in a student early on so the educator can help them with this skill. Likewise, it can also make the young adults open to ideas of having important responsiblities so they will be ready for the workforce. No matter what occurs in life, educators should make sure that they are guiding the new generation to a bright and happy future. 