I believe that when people ask for advice they should talk to multiple people because they will all have different ideas and experiences. I will touch on these two main points and give examples using books and other useful pieces of information.

You can benefit from others ideas because they might have solved whatever problem you are facing in a different way. One example of this is from the book

Ranger's Apprentice: Siege of Maldor

. I might have the title wrong. Anyway in the book the protagonist Will is in a forest surrounding a fortress. He is with a friend of his, Malacose. The name might be wrong as well. One of his other friends has been captured and been taken to the fortress. So then Will and Malacose worked together to come up with a way to save his friend. Will came up with the a plan to take the fortress. He used Malacose's idea to use small explosions and other nonlethal props and sound devices to distract the enemy so Will and another of his friends Horace could slip into the castle mostly unnoticed. Then once they had secured a foothold. Then they unleashed more of Will's friends, Skandians to help them take the fortress.. Another example is from the book Ranger's Apprentice Battle for Skandia. In this book the Skandians are being invaded by an army that has never lost a battle. So the Skandians go to Halt and Will for help. Actually it was Halt and Will who told them that the Temuji were coming. Anyway Halt had experience with the Temuji so he came up with a plan that was very unskandian like. But the Skandians agreed to it because it was their only hope. The Temuji were horse people so their ideal battlefield was on an open plain. Also one of their favorite tactics was to fake a retreat to draw out the enemy but then to cut them down with a ambush. That then would draw out more of whoever they were facing and repeat the process. So Halt used that agent them and staged a ambush for their ambush. Short version the Skandians used Halt's ideas even though it was not something they would normally do and came out victories.

This is why I believe that you can learn a lot from someone else's experiences to help you. My first example is from the book

Ranger's Apprentice: Ruins of Gorlan

. I think this title is correct. We are still with Will. So he, his teacher Halt, a Baron and a Battle master are at the ruins of Gorlan. Halt and the Baron are wounded and the Battle master is petrified with fear. They are all this way because of a creature. I forget what it's called so, yeah. the beast is about to kill the three when Will who is standing a ways off recalls a lesson Halt taught him. The beast's fur was highly flammable. So he lit his arrow on fire and shot the beast. Thus saving the three and killing off the last of those creatures. My second example is also from the Ranger's Apprentice series.

Rangers Apprentice Battle of Nejon Ja

,

or something that sounds like that but is not spelled that way. So Will and Horace are in Nejon Ja and are in a run down fortress and are expecting to be attacked at the end of the Winter because the enemy cannot get to them because they way is blocked by snow and ice. All they have are some untrained natives to protect themselves and the emperor whose warlords turned against him because he was working to raise the natives who were with him at that moment to have greater rights. Then Will remembers a training and fighting style that was easy to master and was based on working as a unit not as a individual, which is the way the enemy fought. So Will used his past experience to help them train the natives quickly and helped them win. That was why I believe it is beneficial to use your past experience which leads me to the conclusion.

To sum things up Will and the Skandians used others advice also known as ideas and were victorious and Will used things he had learned to outsmart his opponents. This is why I believe you should always listen to others advice.