Drivelesss cars should not continue to develop. There are many reason for it,and three of the could be that it can still cause problems on the road even though it been developed fully. Even though its been fully developed not everyone is okay with it. The driveless cars can also take away the experiance way from a young adult wanting to drive their own car. These are only some reasons driveless cars should not be developed even more.

One reason is that driveless cars can be a problem on the road because yet being fully develop there is a possiblity something could go wrong with it. On the road anything is possible and it will come when least expected. Maybe with all this developing in it it can cause a greater damage then a regualar car would. In the article they talk about who's fault it would be if something would go wrong with it. The people driving it should not have to take the fault for because they didn't make. Yet they would only by it because of what the manufatures say about they will try persuading the people to by it.

Another reason is that not every state is okay with this because they might know the damage these driveless cars are capable of doing. With not every state okay with it, the manufactures could have a less chances of selling much of thses cars. In the article they only talk about four places that have considerer the driveless. They would also have to have new laws in order to over they rules of the driveless cars.

A third reason is that driveless cars would take way learning expireances from young adaults that would actually like to drive their own car. In the article paragraph eight they say "We have to interpret the drivnig fun in a new way."This is like say you can as well stay home and do nothing. When you drive you can learn many things like road signs and road name without even knowing it. Something they also talk about is about driveless cars bieng safe because peole will be able to text on their cell phones while driving. This is not okay maybe the only way some poeple can stay off their phones is when they are driving and they are trying to take that way. People can as well just stay home and be on their phones all the time and text all the time. This car would probably just make people more lazy.

With all these negative things that could happen with this car is why it shouldn't be developed. They can be a problem on the road,not every state is okay with it and they could take away driving experiance from young adults that would like to drive their own car. There are many other reason out there for this car not to be developed even more. It would just probably just cause more problems in place were there is plenty of problem. This is why driveless cars should not be developed more then they already are.