Some schools require student to complete summer projects to assure the student is learning during their break. Summer projects should be student designed because the student can write about something they acutely care about then the can chose if they want to make it a group or solo project. Some people may say if the student pick they arent really going to learn any thing. How ever that can be proved false.

Summer projects should be student designed because the student can choose something they actually care about. If the student can choose something they care about it would help their grade a lot. They will spend more time on the project which means it wouldnt be last second and rushed. also the student will acutely do the work. students dont even want to do work while in school just imagine if they didnt have any one telling them to do the work they wouldnt probably do it.

Then they can choose if the want to make a group or solo project. Most student spend the summer time with their friends anyway .Maybe the student can choose to make it a group project so they can spend time with friends and get the work done. Then if a student work better alone they can make a project they can do by themselves. This would give the option for the social people to be social and the people who stay to themselves to stay to them self.

Some may argue that the students wont learn anything if they chose what they are doing. But if they can chose something they was always interested in and just never to the time to do research on it. Also if they do chose something they already know about but if they chose to work as a group they can learn something new from their peer. Even if it is something they already know about you can always learn something new. The teacher can also give certain guide lines on what they choose or they can give them options.

Student projects should be student designed. The schools should make it so the studnt can choose it would help the studnets a lot. It would make the intrested and spend more time on the project. It would also help them get a better grade. Could also help the student improve in a area they care about and learn more. Make it so student can design their own projects.