Generic_Name is a rising 9th grader. Generic_Name's school is having their students choose their high school classes this week, and he doesn't know what classes he should take. He wants to take all AP classes because he thinks it will help when he applies for colleges in the future. Generic_Name asks, "Generic_Name, do you think I should take all AP classes?" "Yes! They're super easy and fun," Generic_Name exclaims. Generic_Name doesn't know a lot about AP classes, he doesn't have any older siblings and he hasn't talked to his teachers about his schedule yet. Generic_Name responds, "Wow! Thanks for the advice, I'm definitely going to take them." The next morning he drops his schedule off at the guidance office. Generic_Name overhears Ms. Generic_Name, the guidance counselor, talking to a student in her office. "Make sure to only take the classes you can handle. AP classes are extremely challenging and you should only take about 2 or 3," Ms. Generic_Name explains. Generic_Name's heart drops to his feet, he had no idea how hard the classes were! Suddenly he gets a rush of rage and storms to Generic_Name's locker. Generic_Name yells, "Why would you tell me the classes are easy? Ms. Generic_Name was talking about how hard they are and I already turned in my schedule!" "I'm sorry, I had no idea! I don't know a lot about high school and I thought they would be easy because I have all A's," Generic_Name says. Generic_Name responds, "Dang, I should've asked more people about it." When people ask for advice, they should talk to more than one person and seek multiple opinions because different people have different amounts of knowledge on topics, people have different points of view, and people have different experiences.

When people ask for advice they should talk to more than one person because people have different amounts of knowledge. For example, if one person is an aspiring fashion designer and another is just an ordinary teenager, you would want to ask them both for their opinions on your outfit because they have different amounts of knowledge on fashion. Most people have a certain topic, hobby, or sport that they know a lot about, so asking multiple people for their opinions can help you make the right decision because you might find someone that has a lot of knowledge on the topic you're asking about. Another example is if someone was asking me what instrument they should choose to play, I could give them a lot of information because I play an instrument, but if they asked someone who has no knowledge on music and doesn't play an instrument they wouldn't get a lot of information. You might not know your friends have a lot of knowledge on a topic until you ask them. Simply asking multiple people for their opinions can spark a conversation in which you learn a lot about the topic.

When people ask for advice they should talk to more than one person because people have different points of view. For example, if you're asking people for advice about what you should do when you have a problem with your friend, some people might tell you to go to a counselor and work it out, and some people might just tell you to talk to the person about it. When you ask different people for their opinions you can see how many people have the same opinion on a topic and how many people disagree with it. If everybody you ask about a topic has a certain opinion, but only one person disagrees, you wouldn't just go with the one person disagreeing. If you only ask that one person about the topic then you could've made the wrong choice, but if you ask multiple people for their points of view you can make the right choice and get more insight. Furthermore, when a lot of people have the same opinion on something, it is most likely the right choice.

When people ask for advice they should talk to more than one person because people have different experiences. People have different experiences and their experiences can cause them to have more wisdom than others. For example, if you ask people on advice about where you should travel, you might find people who have a lot of experience traveling and they can give you their opinions and share their wisdom. If you only asked one person and that person has never even left the country, then you aren't getting a wise, reliable opinion. Another example is if you're asking an adult or a professional about the topic then they are clearly more wise because they are either specialized in that field or simply have lived longer and have more experiences in general. People who have a lot of wisdom are responsible and reliable. They'll think about the outcome of your decision and all the possible negatives, this makes them really good people to ask for advice and they'll probably choose the best option for you.

Generic_Name goes to Ms. Generic_Name's office to ask her if he could take his schedule paper back. She gives him the paper back and asks him if he needs any advice. Generic_Name says, "Yes actually, I was wondering if you could help me decide if I should take a lot of AP classes or not." "Of course! You should only take AP classes for the classes you're really interested in and have a B+ or higher," Ms. Generic_Name explains. "Oh, that makes sense, I think I'm going to take AP bio, AP geometry, and AP world history because those are my favorite classes and I have a good grade in all of them," Generic_Name says. Ms. Generic_Name replies, "Now that sounds like a way better option than what you chose before." Generic_Name chuckles. He is dismissed to go back to lunch and he asks Generic_Name for his opinion too. Generic_Name asks, "Do you think I should take AP bio, AP geometry, and AP world history?" "Not world history, my older brothers both took that class and they said its really hard and you get a ton of homework every day," Generic_Name explains. Generic_Name responds, "Oh, okay. Thank you, I would've had no idea if I didn't ask you!" Now Generic_Name has a lot more information. In conclusion, you should always ask more than one person for their opinion because people have different amounts of knowledge, people have different points of view, and people have different experiences."