Dear State Senator,

I believe the way this country was founded should remain the same. From laws, to printed documents of government and even electing our president. We should keep the Electoral college to vote for president. We should keep it the way it is for many reasons, this country was started that way, you vote in either democratic or republican party, and there are larger states then others with more people. There would be a whole lot of confusion if it was based on election by popular vote.

This country was built by the Founding Fathers with a purpose, to be free, have rights, but built with certian laws and ways that are done by government. This country was founded with the system of Electoral College when voting for president. The story states "The Founding Fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." That statement means all the laws and ways of government that we have today for electing presidents was made by the founding fathers for a reason.

Many people have certian beliefs and some aren't found in Democratic or Republican party for certain people. Some Republicans may believe in a certian way that some Democrats do not, and even the other way around. Because of the Electoral College, we can vote for a specific party that we agree more with their beliefs. We go through the slate electors that we agree more with and then vote for President.

Popular voting would be difficult in another way because, there are larger states that the majority of people may believe in one way then another state that is tiny that believe in a whole other way. With states like California and Texasthat are huge states compared to Rhode Island and New Jersey that are tiny, the popular votes wouldn't be fair if the larger states believe in a differents way that the smaller states. It would be less difficult to just keep the Electoral College.

Although both systems may have a confusing side, we were made as a country in certian ways of government. This country was started with the Electoral College. You vote through a slate with either Democratic or Republican party. Lastly, there are larger states then others so popular voting would be unfair. So I think we should keep Electoral College when voting for the President of the United States.         