During summer break a student is very likely to lose touch of their skills since they will not be attending school on a regular basis for a long period of time. That is why some schools are beginning to introduce a series of summer projects for students to keep their minds in check over summer break. There are many benefits to having these summer projects,but hence the question should these projects be designed by teachers or should students themselves design these projects. Although having a summer projected designed by a teacher would allow the teacher to grade the projects more efficiently as they would be on the same subject, having students design their own projects for summer break is better because students will turn in better quality projects and be more enthusiastic about completing them since they can choose a topic that interest them, teachers will enjoy receiving a variety of interesting projects to grade, and students choosing a summer project can use it to better benefit themselves as a whole.

To begin with, student should be able to choose their own summer projects because they will be more enthusiastic and turn in better quality projects since they can choose a topic that interest them. If a student were to be given an assignment during the regular school year they normally would not be able to choose the basis of it , but would be entrusted with turning in a quality project even if they did not enjoy doing it. Giving students the opportunity to choose a project that caters to the interest of them surely will be one of good quality. More likely than not a person whom is doing something that they enjoy will have an urge to do more of whatever they are doing, so translating that over to education doing more on a project will definitely make the quality better and they will surely be excited to complete it. For example, a student who enjoys fishing would turn in a much better project of much better quality on the amount of a striped walleye salmon in the Colombia river, rather than having to do a project on counting how many times the Yakima Washington fire department responds to a four alarm fire. To summarize, students should be able to choose their own summer projects because they will be more enthusiastic about completing them and turn in better quality projects.

Furthermore, having students choose their own summer projects is better because teachers will enjoy grading a variety of different topics. Giving one singular topic for every student to do a project on must be boring to grade for the teacher, but giving projects to students that they can choose can let the teacher learn more about their students. For example, if students in a 10th grade class were assigned a summer project of counting the average number of meadowlarks in an Oklahoma corn field before sundown by their teacher they surely would not enjoy sitting outside counting birds all day long. Now some people may like watching meadowlarks in a corn field, but if a group of students who played cricket could choose their own project they would choose the average number of pegs caught in a single game. Cricket is definitely an interesting sport to play and watch , so while grading the project the teacher could discover that some students in the school enjoy cricket and the teacher could start a cricket club. Now think, of all the different projects student could turn in if they could choose their own project. To summarize, allowing students to choose their own summer projects is better because teachers will enjoy grading a variety of interesting topics.

Finally, students should be allowed to choose their own summer projects because they can use the project to benefit themselves for the better. During the summers many students are either working at jobs like life guarding, or playing club sports like volleyball or soccer. Giving students the opportunity to choose their own project could also free up time for students to be able to get more done. If students were to be given a tedious project like measuring the amounts of bi phenol A in milk jugs or a project that required arduous labor, like making trails for a local boy scout camp they would have little time left in the day to work a shift at the pool or go to soccer practice. For example, if a student played soccer during the summers they could do their project on the average amount of times the soccer ball hits the crossbar in one hundred shots. This project would more than likely be enjoyed by the students, but also the student could use the project as a benefit and work on their shooting skills if they were to do a project based on soccer. To summarize, student should be allowed to choose their own summer projects because they can use the project to benefit themselves.

To conclude, giving students the opportunity to choose their own summer projects is better because they will be more willing to turn in a better quality project since they can choose something that interest them, teachers will enjoy reading about things that interest students from a variety of projects , and students can use these projects to benefit themselves and free up their summer schedule Doing a project that interests a student will surely be an interesting project to look at and definelty one to get a good grade. What do you say, if you were to be given a summer project choose something that will interest you not somethig generic and boring.   