In my option I think we shouldn't have driveless cars becasuese a moufunction can happen in the vhelic and make the person crash, What if something happens to on of the sensors?

I can't imagine a time in the future when no one needs them anymore becasuse I'm sure no one wants to wait until one of the Taxis are free. I'm the type of person thart doesn't have the patients to wait until a taxi to come pick me up. What if you want to have a latenight drive and taxis drivers don't allow that? What if someone ges irrritated because the taxi driver has a very monotone voice? What if hacker hacks into someone driveless car and kidnaps them by driving their smart car to a whole new destination.

In the passage in paragraph 3 it says, "These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." That means it would cost a lot of money to fix every single road just so a driveless car could go. And that means it has to be a debate on if everyone argrees with it. Im sure everyone does want to keep spending their money on a taxi and they have bills to pay. That's like annihilating all of the vehicles in that area.

In paragraph 5 it say " In the 1980s, automakers used speed senors at the wheels in the creation of anitlock brakes." So it took them 10 years just so they can make a more advance senors for thr speed. I'm sure its going to take longer for manufacters to make roads, just so driveless cars can ride on. It also say," Further improvements in sensors and computers hardware and software to make dricing safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more drving tasks on theur own." The future cars are going to be incorrigible. They're going to have more control then humans would.

In conclusion, these are some reason why we shouldn't have driveless cars. Like why would someone want to abandon a brand new car they just bought or a very old car that could be worth a lot of money? Remember the future is not the answer.   