Why seeking multiple opinions is important

Imagine that you're thinking of buying a car for your family. You can't decide between two different cars. You ask your friend who has one of the cars. He tells you all the benefits of that car, but says nothing about the other car. You ask another friend who has the second car. She tells you all about that car. Because you asked two people for their opinions you can now make a more informed decision about what is right for you and your family.

When making decisions you might just ask one person, but a lot of people are one-sided and won't tell you everything. They'll just give you the pros and won't tell you any of it's flaws . But if you ask more then one person you'll get multiple sides. You'll get to know everything good and bad instead of just the good or just the bad.

Getting multiple opinions also helps you be more informed. Each person you ask will give you more information which will help you make your decision. It's very important to be informed when making a decision because you want to know everything about something before you decide on it. If you don't know enough about something then you might buy it without finding out how it will work. If you buy something very bad quality before asking others about it then you won't know it's bad quality until after you spend money on it.

Asking for opinions from friends and family makes them involved in your life in an important way. Asking your mother for advice on what house to buy for your family makes her a helpful and significant part of your life, but she wouldn't be making the decision for you. You do not want people controlling all of your life choices, but you do want people you trust to give you their opinions. For example, you would not make a big decision like, take a job offer without your wife's input. If your family and friends are important to you then you need to get their opinion.

Making decisions requires a lot of thought. But it's easier with different people's opinions. You should always be informed when making a decision which is why you should ask for multiple opinions. An informed decision is most likely a good choice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  