Some schools require students to complete summer projects assure they keep learning during break. I believe that these projects should be teacher designed. It has many more benefits to be teacher designed than student designed. It would also be easier on the students than making them design their own project.

Firstly, it would be easier for the students to have a set criteria for the projects made by the teacher. If the students were to design the projects there would be more freedom, but also more room for error. the teacher designed projects would be easier to follow and help with getting the information they need to continue learning over summer break.

Furthermore, the assurance of the students continuation of learning over the summer is greatly increased. The teachers would be able to give the right information needed to do the projects. If the students were to design these projects it could not run as smoothly as it needs to; they could also get the wrong information.

However, if the projects were to be student design, there could be benefits to it. There would be lots of room for creativity and originality. The students might have a better sense of freedom on the projects and it could possibly make them work better. Also, being able to design it themselves could instill a greater passion for working on the project. The possibility of being original with the project design could also lead to a better assurance that the students will still learn over the summer.

In conclusion, the projects should be designed by the teachers. It gives better assurance to keep students learning. It also assures that they are getting the right information needed. It is also mainly easier on the students ability to do the project. The teacher designed projects provide the best assurance that the students have a continuation of learning over summer break.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         