Does it benefit students more to do online school then actually going to school? Would they get the resources need to complete all of the missing assignments? How would they learn the materials? These are questions that parents and students might ask themselves when having to do this. Today I'm going to give you some reasons on why I think that it is more beneficial of having an online options of doing school work.

First, thing that comes to my mind of it being more beneficial and effective is that if they say they miss school then they could just do the they work that they missed online. Not everyone is able to learn the same way or pick up the material like other students can. One way is by having that online access or video conference option available to them, so that way they can either learn what they missed or they can relearn what they don't understand. By doing this students can learn what they know and didn't know in and out of class if they missed school due to being sick. Even in some cases when a student is sick some teachers don't give the students the option to make up their missed work or assignments when they come back, and by doing that they are far behind than the rest of their classmates, but by having the online option available to them they won't be that far behind.

Next, is that in some cases when students miss school it's probably because of sickness reasons. When it comes down to that not many kids are able going to be able to control or know how many days they are going to be missing because of their sickness. With having all of that plus missing school its going to be hard to catch up. Giving them the resources they need to complete the missing work or to catch up. Video conferences can not only help students, but teach them as well it show either a recorded or live video of the teacher teaching the materials of that topic or unit at homes so that way when they go back to school then they are all caught up. It saves not only teachers, but also their classmates times when learning new material, because they don't have to go back and reteach it.

It still could bring some concerns. One could be they don't have the access to receive it. However that is true in all it does save everyone a lot more time in class to be learning new materials if they did give them that option. A way they could fix it is that they could email their parents the work of what they are missing and they could print it out or go to their local library and work on it their. It just help and benefits them more if we have them the options of it online or through a video conference. Just by allowing those options available to them would help out in a big way.

All in all I think that if students miss school that it would be more beneficial if they could do online school or have a video conference, so that way teachers don't have to go back and reteach the materials again, and that students won't be so far behind from their classmates when they do go back to school. Those are just some reason on why I think its more beneficial to give students the option on doing it online or having a video conference options.      