Cell phones has the ability to be real distraction and is an easily entertainment while being behind the wheel. In a daily basis people tend to multitask but there are times and place to do so. However, driving a vehicle is not something you should try to multitask with especially with a cellphones. You always have to keep in mind how something could change in a blink of an eye. One minor mistake on the road can cause your life or someone else's life to be taken therefore, drivers should not be able to us cell phones while driving.

Fatality is an occurrence of death by accident. Sure you do not mean harm when you are texting your friend while you are driving, but once that sudden stop or movement you did not see causes you to crash, you could possibly die or kill someone else. No one behind the wheel of a vehicle expects it to be their last time driving. However, approximately 660,000 people are attempting to use their phones while driving. According to The National Safety Council, cell phone use leads to 1.6 million crashes each year ("On the road"). Nearly 390,000 injuries were caused by accidents attributed to texting and driving. In 2016 3,450 fatalities were caused by texting and driving ("texting and driving accident statistics"). Also one over four car crashes in the United States are caused by texting and driving. In conclusion, texting and driving is dangerous to lives of death.

Texting and driving is just dangerous as driving under the influence. Some people would agree that driving while drunk is most common and dangerous thing you can do. However, The National Safety Council states that someone texting while driving is six times more likely to cause an accident than someone driving drunk ("On the Road"). Therefore, it is more common for people to be distracted by their phones to cause an accident than driving under the influence is. Reaction times decrease by 35% when texting and driving, compared to the 12% decrease when driving under the influence of alcohol. Steering control while distracted in 91% poorer than those who are driving with full concentration. In 2002, there were 12,405 drunk driving fatalities (Masters); then that's number decreased to 9,296 in 2011 (Masters). However, distraction driving resulted in approximately 2,600 death in 2002. The number of distracted driving accidents increased by 22% in 2011 and resulted in 3,331 fatalities. Drive to drive; texting and driving is just as bad as driving under the influence.

Texting and driving is now illegal in multiple states, which means you are committing a crime when you text and drive. According to the insurance institute for highway safety, 47 states plus Washington D.C. ban texting for all drivers. Four states allow officers to pull someone over for texting, without any other reason. In California, the consequence is $20 for the first offense and $50 for each subsequent offense. There are other states who take the offense more serious, Alaska you could be charged with misdemeanor, punishable by up to a year in prison and a $50,000 fine. Kill someone while texting and driving, and you could be looking at 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. Then a car accident would lead to your car insurance to rise. According to a group of researchers, they found that some kind of texting law leads to a 2.3% decrease in fatalities for all drivers. Specifically banning teen drivers from texting reduced traffic deaths in that group by 11 percent. In conclusion, texting and driving could ultimately cause you unnecessary fees, or big time in prison.

In summary, drivers should know that they are dealing with something serious when driving a car. There are limited chances in life; texting and driving are pushing those chances away. Drive with intent and purpose to get to your destination. Deal with texts after or before you drive, because it could cost you everything. Attention is highly needed when driving, there are split-second decisions to be made while driving and your phone distracts your attention enough to potentially cause in accident. Your reaction time is based on how early you see it, looking at a phone prohibits you from reacting. In conclusion put your phone away while driving to save lives.                