Phones & Driving

Talking on the phone or texting while driving has become life threatening to those who put themselves in this predicament even by just looking down at their phones for a few seconds. As bad as driving while under the influence is, it is said that texting while driving is six times more likely to cause a car accident than drunk driving. Not only does texting and driving threaten the life of the person driving and those in the car but it also endangers drivers around them.

Cellular devices have been around for so long that it has become apart of our everyday life. Technology has evolved in the way that you can easily find directions through the gps on your phone, as well as other technological advances. Even if the driver thinks that they are looking down at their devices for a quick second and can multitask it is said that looking away for so much as five seconds can cause an accident seeing as though you are not completely concentrated on the road and what is occurring around you. When on the driving it is a great responsibility to make sure that you refrain from doing anything that might distract you from driving. One mistake can cause you get to hurt including others around you.

Hands free devices were soon used as a way to avoid coming into contact with the dangers of using handheld devices while operating a vehicle. Very soon these once "safe" hands free devices were the cause of many of the accidents occurring over time. According to Thezebra. com, "4,637 people died in car crashes in 2018 due to cell phones." Also reported, a 14% of fatal car crashes involved the use of cell phones and that 38% of adults from 18-24 admitted to texting while driving.

The banning of the usage of devices while operating a vehicle would most likely result in a decreasing number of accidents over time, and help drivers better concentrate know the consequences of using any device while driving.                                                                                     