Some of the world's greatest inventions would not exist without collaboration. Do you think that Steve Jobs started the increasingly popular brand, Apple, all by himself? We have all asked someone for advice at some point in our life, since getting insight from other people makes life a lot easier. But is it really the more the merrier when it comes to giving and receiving advice? I think that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can make more people happy, someone could catch something another person missed, and certain people specialize in different things.

One reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is you can make more people happy. If you only talk to one person, you are only getting insight from that person's point of view. But by talking to multiple people, you will get a better perspective on what most people want so you can make more people happy. One example of this is a wedding. Say you are planning a wedding but you don't know whether to serve chocolate cake or vanilla cake. If you only ask one of the guests what flavor they want, you will not know if you are making multiple people happy because do don't have their opinion. But if you survey everyone on what cake they want, you will see everyone's opinion. Therefore, you can make a better choice and make more people happy.

Another reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is someone could catch something another person missed. By asking just one person for advice, you could miss something very important that another person would notice. If you are making a big decision, that extra opinion could change your life forever. For example, say you are debating what college to go to, NYU, or Stanford. After asking one person for advice, you decided you want to go to NYU. But by asking another person for advice, you realized that NYU does not have what you want to major in and you go to Stanford. By asking multiple people, you will make sure that you are not missing anything important.

The final reason why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice is certain people specialize in different things. If you only ask one person for their opinion, they might not know what to do as well as someone else who specializes in the thing you are asking about. Say you are planning to build a pool in your backyard. By only asking an architect, you will know how to make the pool functional, but you will not know what shaped pool is best, what concrete you should use, or where in the backyard is best for the pool to go. But by asking a designer too, you would have a better looking pool since they specialize in making things look good on the outside.

These are the reasons why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. In this generation, people are collaborating more and more. But without people giving and receiving advice, we would not have all these miraculous advances in technology, fashion, agriculture, and more. Because you can make more people happy, someone could catch something another person missed, and certain people specialize in different things, asking multiple people for advice can help someone make a better choice.