Dear Principal,

My position towards if students should be required to perform community service was an anonymous yes. In my opinion by performing community service you are not only helping the community but also yourself. By helping the community you benefit from it because it builds your self esteem inside you, it will lead to a better future, and lastly it can help you towards your dream career. By performing community service you are doing the community a major burden.

When you do community service I think it will make you feel good inside or in other words build your self esteem. Have you ever had that feeling in your life when you know you did something good and you felt good about doing it? Well in my opinion by doing something good will follow and you will want to keep performing your duty of helping whether its people in need or the community.

By helping the community I think it will help lead you to a better future. Everybody dreams to have a good and successful job such as maybe a CEO of a company or even a doctor, but most definitely not a burger flipper at a fast food restaurant. When you help your community you will feel very good about yourself. You will be praised for what you do whether it's the key to the city or even a solid gold plaque as a reward for performing such a wonderful task.

When doing community service you not only help the community but also yourself because I think it will lead to a better career. By helping, you will have many opportunities in life to have in the future. There are some jobs that exhibit helpfulness such as if you like working with people you can become a doctor or even if you absolutely love taking care of the environment by either cleaning up litter or even watering the plants you can become an environmentalist which is also one of the spiking job offers of the year.

In my opinion even when I perform community service you not only help the community but also yourself. Even you as our principal perform community service by fulfilling the happiness of your school and by running things very smoothly and with no hassle. By writing this letter to you I have hopefully influenced you. If your community was in need of help would you help them?