Limited car usage has plenty of advantages. A few examples of advantages that come from limited car usage are lessining the amount of gases polluting the air, also it would create a friendly and neighborly enviorment, and a large amount of money would be saved.

To limit car usage has huge benefits; we can lessen the gasses that are polluted, lessening smog. It may not sound like something that effects your everyday life, but it does. Smog and air pollution are a problem, and a threat to our safety and well being. As of right now it is'nt a life or death situation, but if car usage continues to be a huge part of the world, all the air pollution from all the years of driving are going to get so bad people, and the earths atmosphere will be extremly affected by it. Think about your kids future, would you really want them to live in a world consumed by air pollution, and emission gasses, and smog.. To give an example, "passneger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe.. and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the united states" (rosenthal). That just showing how much car usage affects air pollution and the air we breath everyday. Just decreasing the amount of car usage can reduce the smog, and air pollution in cities and towns.

Additionally, the less cars are used the more people and neighbors would intteract. If a majority of a town just lessened the amount they go out using a car, they would walk, or ride bikes, or take busses, etc.. imagine your town, and families and their kids taking a walk somewhere, or people riding their bicycles to their destination, everyone could meet their neighbors and talk. Overall, cities and towns and suburben areas would generally become just a friendly enviorment. Most people want to live in a place in which they feel safe and neighborly. Teenagers and families would get more excersise then the normal. Due to having to walk, and ride bikes or other things they would be getting out of the house more instead of sitting in a car then going and sitting some place then going back home and sitting around again, they would get the needed physical activity to stay some what healthy. "Millions of columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day"(selsky). That is amazing, and it is so good for people to get out and do things like that. Lessening car usage could completly change neighborhoods and towns and citiies.

Finally, Cars in the united states are highly expensive, and not everyone has thousands of dollars around to get the car they want/need. "Cash strapped americans could not afford new cars"(Rosenthal). Just an example that cars are not cheap and a lot of people spend money they do not have on cars. In addition to buying the car, gas must be provided, depending on the car and the amount of gas it uses up, that can be pretty expensive. Insurance is another cost, everyone has to have insurance to be able to drive and own a car, thats a monthly fee coming out of our pockets. Limiting car usage could save a lot of money, it would leave extra money every day, week or month to go out and eat once in a while, or to buy other necisities. Just about everyone wants to have a little extra money, but with a car thats frequently used can use up almost 200 to 400 dollars each month. Riding a bike, or skateboarding or just simply walking is completly free.

Advantages in limited car usage are, The decrease in gas pollution and smog, it could create friendlier neighborhoods and towns, and lastly thousands of people would save a lot of money.                                 