Dear Principal,

I believe that all students should be required to complete community service for several reasons.

Students should be willing to give back to the community and help those in need.

It is extremely important that children make the change from a child to a young adult.

Some students think community service is pointless and in some cases, uncool.

In truth, it is extremely important for students to complete community service because it is important to give back to the community.

Smaller communities raise children as if the community gave birth to the child.

Giving back means that students pick up trash and help elders who are not able to do things for themselves anymore.

I am not trying to make students do community service all the time, but a little bit of community service won't hurt.

Community service comes in play to help the less fortunate.

There are people out there who are not as fortunate as others.

Those people exist all over the world.

It is important to show the less fortunate that we do care about them.

The less fortunate members of a community come in many different forms of people.

Weather it is the elder members of the community, the members who live on the streets for various reasons, but the moral is no matter unfortunate they are, everyone has a duty to help every single person living in their community.

Students live in a world where poverty is rapidly expanding to reach out across the world.

It is important that people do their part in helping to make the world a better place.

The cost is to help.

There are many things these kids can do.

Including: making food baskets, passing out clothes, participating in a fundraiser, and most importantly, make the less fortunate feel loved.

America teaches kids to care for themselves and their family.

We can not turn our backs on the less fortunate because we don't want to give up something.

Who cares?

It is our duty to do community service because without it, poverty will never go away.