Dear State Senator,

I write this letter to you in favor of removing the electoral college and using a popular vote system to elect a president. One reason is that qualifying citizens don't vote for the president, instead they vote for a slate of electors (Paragraph 10 Sentence 1) who then vote for the president. This process makes it seem useless for the citizens since they can't directly vote for the president. This is a democracy, right? The citizens can't control who their electors vote for most of the time, (Paragraph 10 Sentences 9-10) thus making it much more complex than how it needs to be.

Another reason that the electoral college is a problem is that the system may cause alot of conflict between states, resulting in a big mess leaving only the government to fix. These conflicts can include the fact that only one vote is sent out in each state (Paragraph 12 Sentence 4) that represents all the many voters which could range from a few hundred thousand to millions of citizen voters, making the system once again unfair to voters. The candidates don't spend much time in states in which they know they won't win (Paragraph 13 Sentence 2) but spend alot of time in those states that represent themselves, either the republicans or democrats. The electoral votes in my opinion object alot of campaigning but if the electoral system was gone, then these candidates can spread their word to each and every state without much annoying favoring.

There are a few reasons though that the elctoral college can help maintain some problems which could lead to chaos in the future. For example, if the voters in the state of Florida vote the same for each candidate, the stysem can help avoid any further conflict since only one vote is being submitted due to the debating of the state electors as explained in the above paragraph. Another small reason is that no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president, (Paragraph 19 Sentence 1) making each states vote count.

In conclusion, I personally find that getting rid of the electoral college would be more beneficial for the citizens and can avoid any major problems in the future. Even though the electoral college system has its advantages, popular voting would be a much more simpler way to elect the president.                                                                                                     