After reading the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," I developed my own opinion on driverless cars. My opinion on driverless cars is that I agree with the development of driverless cars, because it seems like a good idea and I believe that they are something that people would want to buy. The article features plenty of information to support my claim including why driverless cars are a good idea and how they will help us in our everyday lives.

The first piece of evidence in favor of driverless cars comes from the information that "Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009." The fact that Google has been working on driverless cars for so long proves that driverless cars are a good idea. This is because if Google has been working on this technology for the past seven years then that means that they have been constantly improving their product and that it is pretty far into it's development period. That means that the cars are able to be manufactored pretty well at this point even if they're not perfect, which helps to prove that with that much work done on it the cars have many improvements from the original product and will be easier to manufactor and sell in the future.

Computer-driven cars have been in production or at least an idea in some of the major car companies minds since as early as the 1950s. Sensors that use computer information to stop or control the car have been worked on since the 1980s. Since driverless cars or computer-driven cars have been an idea for so long then it means that they probably will continue to remain an idea that companies will try and harness. If the idea and development related to the idea has been going on since the 1950s there is almost not doubt that it will not stop being studied and developed. If it can last sixty years, then it probably will not disappear anytime soon. Driverless cars are here to stay.

Driverless cars also show the ability to assess the situation therefore giving them a better chance of being able to stop accidents before they happen. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accident." The ability to assess the situation and inform the driver is a very important feature. This may also be helpful in preventing car accidents and the injurys or deathes that occur from them. Since the driverless car has safety precautions it makes it a good choice for on the road and proving once again that development for these cars should continue.

Four states have already approved the limited use of driverless cars. "California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have lead the country in allowing limited use of semi-autonomous cars." This information helps to prove that the idea that the idea of driverless cars is slowly but surely being accepted. California and Florida are large states that have a large population and get a lot of tourists every year. Nevada contains Los Vegas, another huge city, and is a place where a lot of people got to gamble. Finally the District of Columbia houses some of the most important buildings and artifacts of the American government. These are all states that mean a big deal, and since they have accepted driverless cars that means that they could spread extremely quickly to the other states. If some of the biggest most populated and most important states can accept the cars then that means that the bettle is almost won and is proof that driverless cars are a good idea.

Most car companies are jumping on the bandwagon and are beginning to work on making driverless cars. The ones that are mentioned expect to have driverless cars avaible in the next five years. Large scale car companies like Tesla, Audi, Mercedes-Benz, and Nissan are all planning on releasing cars. This means that those large scale companies have realized that driverless cars are a good idea and they do not want to miss out. Those mass producers usually do not plan on manufactoring something unless they believe it will make a decent profit. By saying that they are going to work on these cars these companies are saying that they believe that driverless cars happen to be something that they believe a lot of consumers will want to buy. This proves that driverless cars are a good idea because it means that people are interested in them and believe that they are a good idea.