Summer break is a time for students to relax, but students should continue to learn. In addition, summer is also a good time to start preparing for the future. Summer projects should be student-designed because students will have more freedom, be better prepared for the real-world, and it would be more enjoyable.

Summer projects should be student-designed because it gives students more freedom. The projects are the student's, not the teacher's, so they should have the freedom to design their own project. Since it is a summer project, schools should not have many restrictions and give students independence. I attend Generic_School where everyone has a year-long research project that is entirely student-designed. Everyone can do their project on pretty much anything they want; for example, I am creating a water filtration system for a school in Kenya. Being able to design our own projects has allowed us to enhance our creativity, problem-solving skills, etc. We are given much freedom, which has been so beneficial to my classmates and me. Students should at least be able to design their own projects when some of their break time is going to be taken away.

Student-design projects would be much more enjoyable for students. Teacher-designed projects resemble classwork and thinking about school and homework is the last thing a student wants to do during their break. If projects are student-designed, students would be able to incorporate something they are interested in into their projects. Since the project would take away time from their summer break, schools need to try to make the them at least a little bit enjoyable. If students like their projects, then they will be more motivated to work on it. If they are teacher-designed, most students will be unmotivated and probably wait till the end of summer to start it. Personally, if I do not enjoy a task or activity, I will procrastinate and dread doing it. In addition, the quality of my work is much better if I like the task I am given.

Schools should make project student-designed because it will prepare students for the real-world. Student-designed projects would prepare students for the future. They are much more realistic when compared to teacher-designed ones because in the real world, bosses do not guide or assist their employees. Us students are going to be doing the designing, not our future employers. The number one goal of schools is to prepare students for the future, therefore summer projects should be student-designed.

Summer projects are importanat because they can shape students and help them grow. They need to be student-designed because this gives students more freedom, better prepares them for their futures, and makes the project more enjoyable. Schools need to take into consideration the feelings of students' and their futures. 