Some schools offer online classes from home as an alternative to going to a classroom. In no way, shape, or form does this benefit a student. Online classes are made for students who may not be in the same state or country, not for local students who can walk to school and sit in the classroom. Online classes takes students away from the physical interaction of being in a classroom with others, creates more introverts who do not or would not know how to socialize with the outside world, and also makes it a lot harder to grasps some concepts via a screen.

First and for most, students need physical interaction of some kind. Most students only get the chance to interact or meet others through school. Physical interaction through school gives students social skills that they need and will use for the rest of their lives. Not only does it give them needed social skills, but gives them a template of how the real world is and prepares them for it.

In addition, some students need a one on one learning session with a teacher. If they were looking at their teacher through a screen it would be a lot harder for them to get that one on one that they need. Other students do not learn visually like others might; this makes it unfair to those students who need that classroom setting. This also makes it harder to ask questions. When someone is confused it is a lot harder to depict what they are really trying to tell you through a screen. Not only does this make it harder on the student but the teacher as well;

it causes the teacher to struggle in understanding what their student is trying to ask or explain.

However, some argue that online classes are beneficial for students. Many people believe that having online classes helps by eliminating causes of spreading sickness, bullying, and even being late to school. Yet, some things are inevitable, no matter where you go all of those things are possible. Having online classes requires you to log in, this causes a problem because they may forget to log in or may not log in on purpose. You can catch an illness by just laying in bed, having online school does not stop the spread of sickness but just slows it down. Bullying happens in our daily life, having it happen to a student helps him or her learn how to deal with it.

Having online school would not and does not benefit a student at all. It creates a bigger struggle for them and the teacher. It takes students away from being able to make new friends and learn efficiently. A classrooms gives students the one on one help they need and shows them how to deal with the real world.

Not only that, it creates extroverts and problem solvers. That is why online schools are not beneficial to students.        