For years cars have been one of the most useful means of transportation. According to the article Sergey Brin the google cofounder "He envisions a future with a public-transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transportation taxi system." The article also points out the issues with the driverless cars such as that in all states except four, it is illegal to test computer driven cars. The safety of the passenger could be at risk if there is ever a glitch in the system and the harmful effects to our environment.

Most states have made it illegal to test computer driven cars because of their traffic laws. "Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe care has a human driver in control at all times." That is clealy stated in the article. The dangers behind driverless cars are way more important than their actually purpose. No where in the article do they address the causes to the environment that the driverless will make. Will they be electric or powered by gasoline. More research needs to be concluded before Google and other companies decide to open these to the public.

When a computer glitches the screen is frozen and there is no access to applications. What will happen when the computer operating a driverless car gives out. Brakes and everything could stop. This could cause car accidents which sometimes are harmless but other times can leave someone living there life paralyzed. The system will never be one hundred percent safe even if its 90 percent safe there is stil ten percent of people who could be left with injury or possibly death.

The money lost would not benefit our nation and the economy. The materials used to build driverless cars could be bad for our ecosystem. Global warming has increased over the years do to natural resources such as coal and oil. With more oil to be produced this would hurt and not help our nation.

Driverless cars should not be developed because of safety and the environment. This will not nor ever be a tool that will help America prosper. It will only do more harm than it will help. If they ever are completely built more research should be done, so that everyone on the rode is as safe as possible.             