Driverless cars would be an amazing new technology to introduce to the world. The ability to simply call a taxi and have a driverless car pick you up and take you wherever you wish, whenever you wish will revolutionize the way people get around. The technology may be in its primitive stages as of now, but soon driverless cars can help to automate many tasks that are currently being done by humans. Driverless cars will be an excellent addition to the modern world.

Not only does the driverless car make sense practically, it also has many safety benefits. If all cars on the road are driverless, they can communicate much better and have much less risk for accidents, unlike with human drivers who can only control the car so well. The automated cars will be directly linked to brake systems, so if there is a need to brake, the car is hydroplanning, or another emergency is occuring, the computer system onboard the car can easily and effectively stop the car from spinning out by applying specific amounts of brake to each tire, as explained in section 5 of the story. Another safety measure taken with driverless cars is the ability for a human to take over. Google's driverless car will notify its passengers if they need to take over the wheel, as explained in section 7 because the task on the road is too difficult for the car to perform. Assurance of the ability for a human to still control the car is very important, since even though the computer systems onboard the car may be very smart, humans have the ability to judge most situations better than any computer can.

One counterargument to driverless cars is the loss of jobs. This is not stated in the article, but it would be an issue with driverless cars regardless. Many people working as taxi drivers, trash truck drivers, freight truck drivers, or any job involving driving can lose their jobs. This is a problem, especially in the US where there is already a shortage of jobs. Although driverless cars will bring many benefits, the cons of them have to be talked about as well.

Driverless cars are a scary prospect. The thought of a car driving itself can make many people uneasy. If done correctly, however, driverless cars can revolutionize the way that many things today work. With companies such as Tesla, Mercedes-Benz, Audi and Nissan planning to have fully automated and driverless cars on the road and ready to go by 2020, driverless cars are just that much closer to becoming a reality. Driverless cars would make an excellent addition to the modern world.