I think being in class is more beneficial than working at home because students can get help from the teacher and use communication skills which can be used in group activities, this can be used in the real world. Some people think going to school is a waste of time but it can actually help you on later in life.

School is better than online because school is more hands-on than online work. Some students cant learn through online lessons which probably school will be the better option. Students can ask the teacher to go over something with them in private to understand a subject better, but online you have to take a test and if you dont get it you will have to retake the course. Home school can also be really boring rather than going seeing friends and favorite teachers. School is also beneficial for college to recognize you and give you scholarships this could take financial stress off of your family, as for home school it will be harder because they have to check how good you did when you were in school.

Learning to talk to people is the best thing you will ever learn to use in the real world and probably the most useful. Communication skills are really important in the real world these skills can help with interviews, business conferences, and bargaining. These skills can be developed in school when the teacher assigns group work or when you have to present a project to your class. One of the reasons is presenting your work to your boss and CEO's you cant go in the office and talk to them like their your friend you have to sound educational and persuasive.

People think school is a waste of time because you wake up early and spend 8 hours in school. However people that are home schooled on spend 2-3 hours doing online work and the rest of the day is theirs, but get the same amount of learning a regular student gets in 8 hours and have no time left after school. When getting home schooled you can actually choose when you want to work instead of teachers forcing you to work to death. Working from home can also be flexible with your time, you can go on vacation and not worry about school.

In conclusion going to school will probably be the best choice over home schooling. Learning to use life worth skills can help you in the long-run can help you in all kinds of situations. Having a higher to go to college chance by just going to school and getting good grades can save you and you family a lot of money and time. School will most likely always better than home school but not all people learn the same.