Have you ever wanted to do something really bad, but knew that it could get you in trouble? So many people come face to face with issues everyday, and some just don't know how to come up with a good ways to go about them. That's why many people always end up getting a second opinion. A second opinion is when someone or something else gives you helpful input, you need to make a decision. You might be wondering " Well, aren't we supposed to be independent ", yes we are, but sometimes we just need a little guidance on what we're supposed to do. Needing a second opinion doesn't always have to be about something so serious, you could want a second opinion for what shirt you're going to wear to school, or what type of ice cream you want to buy. Usually when I'm in a situation where I want a second opinion, I like to get it from friends or other adults who have been through situations that I'm going through and they've been through once before. In my opinion some of the most important things to get a second opinion on are in situations where you might be wrong, when you're at the doctor, and when you need a little boost of confidence.

Second opinions are really important, because sometimes (even a lot of people don't like to admit) you could be wrong. I know for me I don't like admitting that I'm wrong, but sometimes I have to. You never want to spread false information about someone or something, because then once someone tells you the correct information, it's embarrassing having to go back and tell people that what you told them once before was false. That's why getting a second or even fourth opinion, helps you make better choices in different situations. You could really think that you're saying or doing the right thing, but from others point of view you're making the worst image of yourself. You never know how you come off to other people, until others tell you. If you're in a situation where you have to know your right from your wrong, but you're leaning towards your wrong, it's really helpful to have someone there to help guide you. If you have a good second opinion, you will always be on the road to success, because your second opinion can influence you in a good way, and you will eventually be able to make better choices on your own.

Sometimes even a professional can make some mistakes. Believe or not, many people get second opinions for doctors. When people go to doctors and become diagnosed with something very serious, sometimes they will go to another doctor for a second opinion. People don't do this to be rude, they do it to make sure they have been diagnosed correctly. Doing this helps the patient pick the best doctor to go to for their diagnosis, or it can help them save a lot of money if they've been falsely diagnosed. If you get treated for something you don't have, it can affect your health in many terrible ways, but also become very life threatening. It's hard to believe sometimes, but it's also not going to hurt getting a second opinion for something as serious as a diagnosis. It is definitely a good choice.

A second opinion can also be a great boost of confidence. There are so many ways a second opinion, can help boost your confidence. There was one time where I needed a second opinion for a boost of confidence. I was the lead in a musical, and two months in I had thought that the directors had made a really big mistake giving me such a big role. I thought about quitting for a very long time, but it wasn't until the cast and crew of that show gave me the confidence that I needed. Sometimes you just end up getting in your head, and want to quit something or stop trying at something, but in reality you are good enough and just need a second opinion to help boost your confidence. If you listen to the voice inside your head telling you to quit something, or to stop trying, you'll never be able to make memories, gain new friendships, make stronger bonds, etc. I know if I didn't have those second opinions around me I would have quit, and probably would've regretted everyday after that.

You can never go wrong with a second opinion, sometimes you might need more than one. A second opinion will usually benefit you, and better your life. You can get second opinions from many people in your life. You can ask for one, or others will give them to you without knowing they helped you. Second opinions can be used in huge situation or little ones, like finding the best pizza place. You don't have to get a second opinion for every thing that you do in your life. In my opinion second opinions are very helpful.