Although numerous amounts of people want to banish the Electoral College, there are more rights than wrongs about it. The Electoral College is in the Constitution for an enormous reason; it is a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and popular vote of qualified citizens. This process allows for the people of the nation to have a say and for the elected people of each state to speak even louder for their state. The Electoral College is despised, yet it is the smartest way on how to elect the President.

The Electoral College requires for a president to have trans-regional appeal. For example, Romney was a solid favorite in the South, but he cannot win with only the votes from the South because no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. While Romney did not have to campaign much for the South, he had to campaign very heavily in the North to increase his chances of election in those states. This is an amazing result because the people want a president that is liked throughout the nation, so while he is president he can be a hugely successful one. Canidates mainly focus on swing states, and dont have a lot of time for states they know they are going to win or lose; however, voters in swing states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign knowing they are the ones to decide the election. These voters in swing states are averagely the most thoughtful voters, and the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

Furthermore, the Electoral College should be kept because it almost always goes in favor of the people. Even though in the 2000 election Al Gore got the popular vote but George W. Busch won the electoral votes, that has not happened since 1888! The party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee and that trust is rarely betrayed. Many people want to change the election for the President to popular vote, but it would be more likely to have a dispute over the popular vote than in the elctoral college. Also, there could be a tie in the nationwide electoral vote because the total number of votes is an even number, but it is tremendously unlikely given that there has never been a tie. Also, the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate receives a majority of the voter's cast.

The Electoral College can be argued to repel potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their state, for example, republicans in California; on the other hand, every voter's vote plays a big part to their state's electoral vote. Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. The Electoral College has worked for more than a century and will keep on working if the people of the nation agree to work with it.                    