Distance learning is a huge advantage and will be very beneficial if implemented in more school systems. With the technological advances of modern times this thought of distance learning is becoming a strong reality. Although there is not a human connection, distance learning can be very interactive and replace "in school learning" for those who decide to take such a course. What the future presents is unknown, but for schooling, technology has already played a huge role and will keep advancing the learning experience. Distance learning is beneficial for both students and schools because, it may minimize commute count, save money for schools, and give students a better learning environment.

Students who live a great distance from school take the daily commute which may be up to, or even surpass, 30 minutes. This puts students in a very difficult situation. From having to wake up earlier to the amount of gas spent a week. One of the main concerns of such a long commute every morning is the gas. Gas is not cheap and as a student money is not always abundant. This may lead to an absurd amount of money only saved for gas. With distance schooling this problem can be easily taken away. Distance learning can save students a great deal of money that can be put towards other important wants and needs. Waking up early is a trial students, teachers, and most people around the world face every day. When living 30 minutes or more away from school, that commute only makes students have to wake up even earlier. This may lead to sleeping in class or even falling asleep behind the wheel, but with distance learning a student can wake up and not rush to get ready for school. Distance learning gives students the time they need to rest and be ready to learn when most convenient. The advantage that distance learning has for those who drive a great distance is hugely beneficial both financially and for the health of that student.

Secondly, not all school systems have great deals of money handed out by the government. With the implementation of distance schooling many schools across the nation can save money and use it in beneficial ways. A problem schools face around the nation is overcrowding. Schools with too many students need to either expand the building, which is highly expensive, or build trailers, also highly expensive. The money that is going into add-ons for schools is a major waste when distance learning can take that all away. With more kids taking distance learning classes the less students there are in the schools. With distance learning becoming a growing concept in schools the need for teachers may also deplete, along with salaries that are no longer needed to be paid. This can be an advantage for school budgets; leading to more opportunities within schools for the students. Although there may be less teachers within the schools systems, those who do work may receive a higher salary since there are less teachers than before. With more training in teaching, a spot as a teacher can become more prestigious than it already is and be a job that more people can truly strive for. The fluctuation of money can be very strong with the implementation of distance schooling and will benefit not only students but also school systems.

Furthermore, students that do not enjoy the work environment of schools can gain a great deal of knowledge when they are in the comfort or their own home. Students who do not enjoy schools, including the peers they are along side with, may have trouble paying attention in class which may make it very difficult to succeed. From home students may feel more comfortable and ready to learn. Online classes may offer students times to choose when taking the class. These times would be no where near as early as the start of school, so for those who do not have that drive for education in the morning can take their time and get prepared for their online class. This gives distance learning a big advantage for students who are uncomfortable in the schools work environment. Along with the help of parents, nudging students to get their work done, may play a role in distance learning. Being comfortable and attentive helps a persons work ethic drastically, distance learning brings students to a combination of both. Although some students may not enjoy learning from the comfort of their own home, does not mean students should not take a leap of faith and give distance learning a try due to all the benefits.

To conclude, distance learning is an up and coming discussion that needs to be taken to more schools. Schools systems can benefit off distance learning along with the students. From money saved, both students and schools, to a more beneficial work environment. School systems will keep evolving and adjusting to modern times, until then adopting distance learning in school systems is a great first step. With the major benefits of distance learning the implementation into schools systems across the nation is a must.                                                                                                                    