Is the future really coming? Resent studies have showed that people around the world are starting to stop there love of cars nearly everywhere. in countrys like Germany,France,bogota, and the usa rates have shown that people are not buying as many cars a year as they normally do. Some countrys are even starting to have a national day where they are walking, skating, and riding a bike to work, and for those who do not follow the rules they are getting taxed and haveing there vehicals impounded. Can you belive that?

In citys like Vauban, Germany- People have to pay $40,000 to park they car that they own, the bright side is that they get a house along with it. as stated in sourse 1, " 70 Percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here." This statement is explaining how its not worth it to have a car in this town. People here are more oftenly found riding a bike or skating to there destination due to this "car-free" town.

Paris, France has been forsed to stop using there cars ever once in a while due to all the smog in there city. in Source 2 it is stated that, "... Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave there cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine($31). The same would apply yo those Odd-Numbered plates the following." this is telling you that there city was so bad tha the goverenment was forsed to have ther city be taxed if thet wanted to drive ther car. Normally paris has more smog then other places in europe. some dilevery companys were mad at paris due to there lost revenue. Although cars that could be plugged in, hybrids, and cars carring three or more people were allowd.

Bogota in colombia has set up a program to where once a year they have a day where no one in the town uses there cars. It is hard to belive that 7 million people would do it but its very true. Even with those who have to drive there car they get taxed a $25 fine. doing this international day has lead more and more citys to stop using ther cars as much and just walking because it relives traffic jams and other stressful things.

In conclusion the world is stopping the use of cars as much as they have been used in the last couple of years. We talked about three diffrent places today. Rates have shown that world wide citys doing this activity where they do not use there cars has truly brought down the rate of smog. bring down the rate of smog will give us a better future for our future leaders in this world and allow them to live.                       