It can wait...

Phone, tablets, smart watches, and bluetooth headsets are attached to us. Most people have them with them in the car, at home, and on the go. But the biggest problem is using them in the car while driving. People that are behind the steering wheel, at no time, should be on their phone. It could make them lose their license, endanger other people, or even pay fines for using them.

On the road, drivers don't realize that there are cameras and police cars everywhere, even if they don't see them. Getting caught with a phone or any electronic device can get the average driver his or her license taken away for 6 months to three years. Most importantly, people who have CDLs (Commercial Driver's License), if they get caught using and electronic device, their license taken away. Commercial Drivers are usually big 18 wheelers or busses. If those drivers get their taken license taken away their whole livelihood is also taken away. When big commercial vehicles drivers get distracted on their phones they can lose control easily making it very dangerous for other drivers and even pedestrians.

In the US alone, 390,000 distracted driving injuries have occurred in one year. 1 out of every 4 car crashes are from distracted driving. Drivers might be texting, on social media, or even facetiming.

While traveling at 55 mph, the five seconds used to answer that text is the length of a football field. One hundred yards is enough time to run into a car or into a pedestrian. Even pedestrians are 4x less likely to obey crossing laws. No matter how fast you can text a lot can happen in a few seconds.

Studies have shown that 93.7% of cellphone owners admit to texting while driving (distracted driving). The average fine for distracted driving is $150-$250. The newest phone costs around one thousand dollars. That means, its just a minor inconvenience to pay the fine on electronic device that are attached to us. Maybe if fines were made steeper people would think twice before using their cell phones behind the wheel. Fines could be used for driver education, safer walks for pedestrians, and safer roads.

There're drivers that are always on their phones. Drivers that have lost their lives just because of picking up their phone. Don't pick that phone up, always look for people and cars, most definitely just be smart and just think twice.

Work cited:

-

https://www. snopes. com/fact-check/fine-using-cellphones-while-driving/

- https://www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html

- https://www. teletracnavman. com/blog/cost-distracted-driving    