In your everyday life, just about anywhere you go you will see people traveling from place to place in their own veichles. Is the idea of us, as indivisuals, not owning our own motor veichles even an option? The idea of not being able to transport where you need to be when you need to be there is a terrorfying thought. But, when put into consideration you will find it some what reasonable.

Just think about it, all the toxins released into the air and all the traffic we can be stuck in for hours at a time! Reducing the clutter and the use of oils is enfact very possible. Residents in Vauban, Germany have copletely almost completly cut owing cars out of their community. 70 percent of Vauban's familys don't own cars while 57 percent sold their cars to move there. With mostly "car-free" streets with the exception of the main thoroughfare, Vauban has forbidden driveways and home garages. Though car ownership is aloud if the car- owner buys a space to park it, Vauban is leading an example of an alternative way that communities can live reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

This example has most certainly envulenced Paris enforcing a partial driving ban. pollution, a large issue in the streets of paris, is being reduced with a driving ban fining anyone who did not leave their cars at home. After five days of this ban, congestion in france was down 60 percent.

Though completely banning cars may be found inconfiniate or extreme, Bogota, colombia, takes place in this uprising craze by devoting one day a year to "The Day Without Cars". By doing this they strive to promote alternative transportation and reduce clutter in this capital city. Violators of this event would recieve 25$ fines. The community who participated in this event have found alternate transportation, and comfort in a break from the clutter. Businessman Carlos Arturo is quoted "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution", he rode a two-seated bicycle with his wife to get from place to place. As more Colombian citied participate in the event Municipal authorities from other countries came to Bogota to see the eveny and were enthusiastic. Enriqur Riera, the mayor of Asuncion, paraguay stated that "These people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders".

These changes are most certainly revolutionary and are changing the way we see our lifes and the way we see transportation. The idea of us working, learning, and living without indivisual automoblies is becoming to look like a huge possibilty. The fact that there are communties taking part in this act, reducing polution and clutter, show that this very well could be part of a change for us and the way we live. With the owner-ship of automobiles and drivers liscenses going down in america, Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its Mobilitier Research center, stated that "Different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift".         