Schools make summer projects for students to continue their learning, but they can't decide whether they want it to be student-designed or teacher-designed. Student-designed projects would be more beneficial because students would be able to research their interest. Students would be able to use this summer project as a opportunity to find their passions and do some research about them. People might prefer a teacher-designed project, but I believe that student-designed projects would be much more efficient and helpful to students.

A student-designed project is a great idea because it would benefit the students more than teacher-designed one. This project would have students choose their own topic and do some research on said topic. Students would be given the opportunity to explore their interest, unlike with most projects. Students could use a internship or a presentation about their research to show their progress. Students who do an internship would have to present about their experience and prove that they actually did it. At the end of summer, students would present to one of their classes how they documented their experiences and what they learned from this project.

One of the biggest reasons why I think that a student-designed project would be a great idea is that it lets students find their interest. Teens in high school try to find what they are good by participating in extracurricular activities after school. A student-designed project would be the perfect opportunity to find interests. Students would be given some time before school ends to think about the topic they want to research. Summer would be used to research their topic and document their experience. This project could help students get an idea of what they want to study in college thanks to this Student-designed project, which allows students to find their interest/passions and research them. This kind of project has the possibility to help a lot of students find their passion or at least figure out their options.

People wouldn't like the idea of a student-designed project because students can't consult or get help from a teacher if they run into a problem. I believe that this wouldn't be the case because the whole reason behind a student-designed project is that every project will be different and unique to that student. Students wouldn't need help because the project would be about them, unlike a teacher-designed one.

the beauty of a student-designed project would be the originality of each one of the projects that is the reason why students don't need help on this kind of project, other than directions for it. A teacher-designed project doesn't really help a student at all because its just another project they have to do to keep their grades up.

In conclusion, a summer project would be best if it was a student-designed one. A student-designed project allows student to find their interests/passions and allows them to explore different interests. People might prefer a teacher-designed project, but I believe that student-designed projects would be much more efficient and helpful to students. A student-designed project is unique to every student and I believe it can impact a student career's choice.