Everyone loves to come up with their own ideas, I mean who doesn't? I know I do ! Every year, in school there's always that one student in your class who says, " Why cant I make my assignment my own?, I am exhausted from following these rubrics every single project that I have! " That right there is just the problem. Students don't want projects all the time that they have to follow certain guidelines from the teacher, especially during their summer break. When it comes to assigning a project over the summer, letting the student designing their own project wouldn't hurt anyone, especially since students don't want work over the summer at all. The idea of summer projects being student-designed is valid because students are most likely to complete the project and gain more excitement from their own ideas.

Teachers may say that some students in the school environment don't want to complete their work because they are to lazy or just don't want to do it, but most of the time if the student isn't interested in the project then why would they complete something they aren't interested in? Students who have more control over the projects they are assigned to are more likely they are to complete it than following a rubric the teacher gave them. High school students normally who have AP assigned projects over the summer always are stressed about what projects they have to complete. You see it on social media all the time. They wait until the last minute to do it because of how the teacher designed the project. Furthermore, students generate better ideas from their own other than from someone else.

I don't think I have ever seen a friend or myself excited about any project assigned to them or myself unless I am coming up with it. Most of the time students surprise themselves from what they come up with on their own. In a 5th grade science fair project, students have to come up with what they are experimenting and see the results from what they come up with. Half of the time they are nervous think it's going to fail, but in the end when it turns out great and awarded for their work they are surprised with their outcome. Letting students design their own projects can make students realize what they are capable of creating.

Some may say teacher designed projects are laid out and organized better than what a student can produce; however, students designing their own projects gives them a better chance at letting them explore the ideas they can generate on their own. Students should have the ability and responsibility of doing this to challenge their brain more and not just having to follow a rubric off a teacher based assignment.       