The topic on driverless cars and be very controversial and tricky, and there are many different views on it. And this is rightly so, as there are plenty of possible positive outcomes from making automated cars, but there are plenty of issues regarding safety, laws, and money as well. As for my opinion, I think they can be very helpful in the future, but still need more testing and time to work out the many problems that come along with this topic.

I personally believe everyone could benefit from automated vehicles. They could help prevent accidents, as even if a drunk driver were to get into one, they could still avoid trouble if the path home is simple enough. The cars could help the elderly/disabled majorly because it could save their lives as well as the lives of others if one were to have any kind of accident whilst in the vehicle, and could also bring the convenience of not having to be transported by others. This applies to teenagers as well. We would not have to worry about reckless driving as much, and transportation could be cheaper and more reliable in the end.

A major disadvantage is that there is still a large risk of an accident occuring. For example, if a passenger gets bored and decides to stop paying attention to the road and the car comes upon an obstacle it can not get across, there is a large possibility of a crash. There are an abundance of ways to counter this though, as shown in paragraph 7. The cars could have sensors in them that automatically flip on the brakes when it detects something, or the vehicle could have some kind of alert that notifies when the driver should take over. Automated vehicles can cause conflict between the manufacturer and the consumer as well. Also stated in paragraph 9, issues could arise if the technology failed.

In conclusion, I believe these vehicles have an astounding amount of potential, but are still rough around the edges. I think we should give it time for the concept to mature more, and for more laws regarding safety to come out related to it. If the dedication is large enough, we could very well have much safer roads in the not-too-distant future.