Throughout the school year, students are busy learning and gathering information for certain topics specific to each class. Sometimes to be creative and fun for the students, projects are made to helps them see what they are learning in multiple ways and how what they learn, can impact the life they live. During summer, it is essential for students keep up with what they are learning in class, while still having fun and enjoying summer. This is where projects come in handy. Projects vary with goals and direction, but can even merge into something else depending on who directs the project. Summer projects should be teacher designed because they are directed with a clear purpose, relative to what students are learning and needing to know, and it keeps students on track with retaining knowledge.

Projects made for the summer should be teacher designed because they are directed with a clear purpose. Teachers prepare these projects they assign, with intentions to narrow down and elaborate on a specific topic, as well as connect information learned in class with the outside world. Projects made by teachers are directly made with a purpose and goal for the student, so that by the time the students complete the project, they come back with an important idea or goal in their mind. The clear purpose teachers put out for the projects, helps students stay on task and find a deep understanding of the goal. With a clear purpose to do something, it minimizes the large range of ideas students will have and keeps the project concise, which ultimately saves the student's time. The students now are immediately guided to the right path and mindset of what to research on.

Summer projects should be designed by teachers because they are relative to what students are learning and needing to know. Teachers deliberately design projects that fit perfectly with the students learning standards. These projects were created to incorporate student knowledge from class and outside sources, to help the students gain a full understanding of what they are currently learning or will need to know in the near future. The projects directed by teachers connect everything the students have been learning in a creative manner for them to complete. Because teachers are the ones teaching the class all year, they have the better idea on what the students needs to focus on, based on what they studied, while leaving some room for students to be different and free from everyday, tedious school work.

School projects scheduled for summer should be designed by the teacher because it keeps students on track with retaining knowledge. Most times, students learn in class and forget what they learn as soon as it hits June, since they are ready for summer break. It is vital for certain classes, that students are to remain an understanding of what they learned in school, for the summer, to bring into the next school year. If teachers were to design projects, students will know exactly what is key material and necessary, significant information they need to retain in order to be succesful for upcoming classes. Although, if students were to design their own summer project, then they would build independent and creativity skills. But at the same time, students directing their own project risk getting the the wrong idea and not grasping the main purpose and drive.

In summary, it is best for teachers to design summer projects for students because they are directed with a clear purpose, projects are relative to what the students are learning and needing to know, and it keeps students on track with retaining class knowledge. As the teacher, it is their responsibility to open the door for the students and lead the projects, while it is the students job to walk through the door and find a creative way to complete the project. 