Ever since before the modern-era, there have always been different ways to teach. Whether this teaching was through disciplinary actions, or through work-heavy courses, the ways of teaching have been evolving and continuously adapting to the needs and wants of the typical student. As long as the student is learning, there should be no reason to oppose an idea that would benefit that learning capability. Because of this, opposing the idea to learn from home through online classes or video conferences would be absurd and hinder a student's performance who benefits from learning at home. The positives outweigh the negatives tremendously which should leave no room for doubt on the issue.

As we advance deeper and deeper into what is the 21st century, emotional problems seem to have a bigger impact on the public than they did 20-30 years ago. There was once a time that coming out to say you had depression, anxiety, or any other type of mental issue would be looked down upon and receive little to no medical attention for it. But as technology advances, mental problems are now "see able" through the human eyes. One consequence of a mental problem would be social issues. With the younger crowd, these social issues tend to spill into the classroom leading students to not participate, or even miss class completely. Whatever the reason may be, a classroom outside of the social norms of a typical classroom would be extremely beneficial towards a student who may not learn as well in that setting. Not only would there be a rise in grades, online-attendance, and more, the student would work in a stress-free environment. Being able to escape the problems from the typical classroom is just one of the few reasons online learning should be something to cheer on and not look down upon.

Learning in a classroom can have it's benefits; however, sometimes distance learning is just exponentially more beneficial and convenient to the student. One of these conveniences would be just timing and classwork overall. As a student myself, being able to have one of my required classes online is extremely convenient. Not only do I save an extra year of high school, I'm able to take the course side by side with my already packed schedule. I'm confident there are various students on the same boat as me who find online schooling much more convenient. Moreover, not only am I able to learn the material at my own rate, I'm able to learn the material and successfully test out of it without dealing with a biased or grumpy teacher. Being able to complete a week's worth of schoolwork in the matter of a Saturday morning is no more than time saving and allows for me to complete other schoolwork fro various classes without worrying about having to sit in a slow classroom and learn the same material. The overall convenience is why students would absolutely benefit from being able to take classes at home.

The last and final reason I believe students should be able to use distance learning as an alternative to classroom learning, is something that will get their future started as young and as soon as they want. Whether they'd like to take a simple arithmetic online course, or an advanced calculus course, the options and tools would be out there completely. The best and brightest teachers are starting to use platforms like YouTube or Khan Academy to share their tips and tricks on how to solve even the most advanced mathematical equations. These types of tools would benefit students to where they could learn the material quickly and easily from home, and then get back on their path for their future. Instead of having to cram loads or work in the four years of high school, students are able to use the morning for schoolwork, and then participate and really learn skills and crafts that are required for the future. A perfect example of this would be any online gamer who is still in school. Instead of wasting useless time on busy-work, as soon as these students finish their online class, they're able to hone in on their skills and produce content that kick starts their career. Another example of this, would be a "TikTok" star who still wants to get a degree, but also likes and benefits from pushing out content every hour or so. By being stuck to the restraints of a classroom, they're able to produce material that helps them financially and educationally.

Regardless of how someone views distant learning, the benefits are clearly visible. The practical implications into having online schooling are endless and can benefit students who don't like or aren't able to be stuck to the restrictions of the typical classroom. The benefits whether emotional, financial, or time-saving, all play a part as to why I believe distant learning is beneficial and produces endless possibilities. Learning from home is just another approach to learning that has adapted from the needs and wants of the modernizing student.                              