When people face a problem or are in need, they generally seek outside opinions to help them tackle their issues. Receiving multiple of these opinions is very beneficial for many reasons and in many cases it can be crucial to finding the best answer. It can eliminate false statements and incorrect facts that one person may give you, it can eliminate bias from one side, and it can be important in finding the best answer for the problem, as having more minds being put into a problem gives a higher chance that the best answer will come out.

By getting more than one opinion on a problem, the person asking can be assured that they are avoiding bad or false statements and facts. One person may be incorrect or may have low amounts of knowledge on the topic at hand. This can lead to big problems later on down the road for the person seeking the advice. However, getting more opinions on the topic can help in finding the correct facts, and quickly pushes out the few peoples ideas who have a bad understanding of the topic. For example, when I was younger I accidentally broke a necklace that my mother loved a lot. I was extremely worried that if I told her I would get in huge trouble, and I had no clue what to do. At first, I asked my older sister what to do, thinking she might have had a past experience with such an issue. She recommended to me that I should just hide the necklace, and pretend to not know where it was when asked by my mom. This seemed wrong to me, but I wasn't sure, so I sought other opinions. First, I asked some of my friends, and they instead recommended that I just tell the truth and tell her about how I accidentally broke her necklace. I wasn't sold yet on this opinion either, so I decided to ask one more person, my older brother. I then explained to him the situation, and he instantly reassured me on what my friends had said. He told me to tell her what had happened, and that she wouldn't be too mad as he knew that she could fix the necklace and would appreciate my honesty. In the end, it turned out my brother and my friends were correct. By doing what they said I avoided as much trouble as possible, and my mom got to have her necklace. By seeking multiple opinions I ended up with the safest and best answer possible. Seeking multiple opinions not only avoids bad or false statements, but it also avoids bias.

Bias has become an increasingly strong issue in our country and in our people. Bias can be very detrimental to people who are seeking outside opinions on an issue, and may steer them down the wrong path. Someone with extreme bias on a topic may have clouded judgment on what the true facts and details on an issue are, making their opinion untrustworthy. Seeking multiple opinions, especially opinions from both sides of an issue are key in avoiding bias, as seeing both sides of the equation makes it easier to find a middle ground. For example, when people search to find the best presidential candidate, they will find extremely biased answers from both sides of the media. In order to find the best answer to the question of voting, voters must look at both sides, democratic and republican, to find the best answer for who should be the nominee. By simply viewing republican or democratic media, the voter will experience extreme bias and a sub par answer to the question of who really is best fit for the job. This is why getting multiple opinions and statements from both sides allows the voter to find the best answer for who will be the strongest candidate for the presidency. This shows how getting multiple opinions eliminates bias from a topic, but attaining more opinions and putting more heads together to solve an issue can also be critical in getting the best answer, and not just the correct one.

Finding not only the correct but also the best solution to a problem is key in some situations. In order to do this, the person seeking the best answer must get outside opinions on the topic. Putting more heads together to think about ways to solve a problem has been proven to produce the strongest answers possible. This proof can be shown in a 2016 study done by Dr. Williams of Harold-Webster University. Some things listed in the study showed that groups found better and more sustainable answers to problems that they were given than people who were working with only one other person on the same topic. The numbers were staggering, as the groups of people had a 95.7% success rate in finding the best possible solution, while the people working with only one other person only had a 60% success rate in finding the best solution to the same issue. The study concluded that groups of people were way more efficient and successful than the other people who worked on the same topic with a partner. The study went as far as to recommend the practice of getting others opinions and working in groups to it's readers. This clear benefit in getting advise from multiple people to solve problems has inspired top scientists to collaborate with others on their work. Even the president must find outside opinions, such as when he consults his advisers or when he calls a special session of congress to talk things over. This clear benefit of multiple opinions is what the very principle of democracy was founded on, and makes up our United States politics and ideals today. Getting the best answer on a topic is just one of many good reasons to get multiple opinions to help solve a problem.

Overall, seeking multiple opinions is a great way to find the best and most efficient answers to a problem. This method of problem solving is great as it avoids bias and can easily rule out bad opinions that use false facts. While asking only one other person for advise can be good, it can also be flawed and can be risky, and it never hurts to just ask a few more people. Collaboration allows for multiple minds to work together, and it allows humans to do what they are best at, being social creatures.