Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I do not think that students would benefit as much as they should by using this sort of learning tool. The idea of offering distance learning is not bad, it just doesn't seem like it would work to me. There would be too much work for teachers to keep up with both students at home and students at school, it isn't worth the effort. The effort of integrating this type of learning into school would be a wasted one.

What if it works? What if there was a good way of making distance learning to work? I dont think it matter if there was a way to do it, because I don't think that most students would do it at all. Students are already tired of the day in day out routine of going to school everyday with the exception of the weekends of course. I think if kids in high school or middle school are stuck at home, they would just rather relax, and who is it say that students might play games or do something else while in the video call with the class, it is possible to happen.

Long distance learning through online video calling a class would not work as good as being in the classroom in person. As opposed to the video conferencing, a student can raise their during a lecture or notes to ask question in a quick and swift manner as, on the other hand; students in a conference call with a teacher would most likely take longer and not to mention the student would be most likely to not ask a question at all. Another problem with this video conference way of teaching from home to school would be the problem of students talking over each other, when in a call with multiple people it could be chaotic and a mess for the teachers to teach efficiently. What if a students internet goes down and they are disconnected from the call and can't participate in the class? Or what if a student has to leave for something important whatever it may be? video conferencing just wouldn't work for students and teachers.

You may be asking: "what about sick students that would like to learn? they could benefit from doing online video conferencing with a class." That may be true that sick students can benefit and it would seem smart, but, sick students need their rest. If students have to be up in the morning till afternoon working at home while they are sick they would never get better. Unless a student is brought down with a long term sickness that could last longer than a month, then I don't think that they should use this method of learning from home.

In conclusion I believe that video conferencing from home to a classroom would not be a good use of time for the students or the teachers.