Why do you think it is a alien?

Were walking 41 degrees north martian latitude to The Face on Mars my partner saw the face before I could. He called my name in shock when I saw the face my jaws dropped instantly. My partner saids to me wow an alien face how cool i looked at him like he was crazy and said " an alien face are you serious? youv'e got to be kidding that is clearly a landform right there." No way that is most definetly a alien face. So we head back and I told him i'm going to prove you wrong partner. He saids, alight we'll see about that."

You think before we go back we can hang out a little I feel like you don't know enough about me. Well ok I mean you our new and all so let's grab a bite but as he was telling me about himself I couldn't stop thinking about The Face on Mars. I'm thinking in my head so ik don't interrupt him while he's talking. I say there is no way that is an alien face that's just not possible. I have to find a way tho prove him wrong. Maybe I'll need my Mars Orbiter Camera team to help with this one. They'll snap a picture ten times better than the original Viking photos.

So came the next day I called them and ask can they help me and they said sure we will love to. On April 5, 1998 when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time. Me, my crew ,and also my partner snapped some pictures of The Face On Mars we took more than one because I want him to really understand this is not an alien. On April 8, 2001 Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough for a second look. We had to roll 25 spacecraft degrees to center the Face in the field of veiw.

Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution. Each pixel in the 2001 iage spans 1.56 meters. What the picture actually shows is the the Matian Equivalent of a butte or mesa-- landforms common around the American West. So I proved to my partmer that is not an alien face on Mars it is a landform. He was kind of sad but he'll get over it.   