Venus is worthy pursit despite the damage it presents. Venus is worthy pursit despite the damage it presents because it was once the earths like planet in the solar system. Another reason is because Venus was once covered by oceans. The last reason is because they want to understand why no spaceship has ever made it to Venus to actually try to get samples and other stuff to study it.

Venus was once the earths like plante in the solar system. Scientists want to study venuse even though it dangers to see why its not like it use to be. The old venus was just like earth years ago but then it started changing with the years. In the passage it said that " Astronomers are fascinatesx by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earths-like planet in out solar system" (Paragraph 4, Sentence 2). This means that they are really into the thing that Venus was once like Earth. They want to keep studying it until they have something to compareit to Earth with.

Venus was once covered by oceans years ago. Another reason why sciantists want to study Venus is because Venus was once covered with bodies of water and want to see why that changed. In the passage it said that " Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth" (paragraph 4, sentence 3). This means that they are really fasinated by the way that Venus just went from being bodies of water to having eruptions of volcanoes all the time and earthquakes, and lightning strikes. All these stuff have changed Venus completly and they want to figure out why.

Scientists want to understand why not one single spaceship has made it to Venus without falling apart. In the passage it says that " Not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades" (Passage 2, Sentance 6). This means that they have not been able to make any spaceship land on Venus. Maybe it could be the 97 percent of carbon dioxide blankets Venus has or the acid in the atmosphere that Venus has. All the spaceships have not survived the landing for more than a few hours. NASA is also working on other stuff so they can approach Venus such as electronics made of silicon carbide and has lasted for three weeks.

In conclusion people think that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. One reason for that is because it was once the earths like planet in the solar system. Another reason is because Venus was once covered by oceans. The last reason is because they want to understand why no spaceship has ever made it to Venus to actually try to get samples and other stuff to study it.      