Dear Principal,

A large majority of students in our school have cell phones. Cell phones are big now because of texting, chatting, emailing and whatever other stuff a phone can do. They are a great way to communicate with other people. Maybe you want to meet someone somewhere it's easy enough to just pick up your phone and send the person a quick text message or call. Lots of teenagers have them. But cell phones are also a major cause of problems. I do not think you should allow kids to have their phone on them during school hours.

There are bullies in every school no matter where you go, there will always be some sort of bully. They take can take embarrassing pictures or videos of you and send it out. It will spread like wild fire once you take that video and send it out to even one person. But a lot of the time bullies take these pictures/videos on their phones because that is all they have handy. They can take an inappropriate picture of you and send it out. During school someone could take out their phone and take a picture or video of you doing something when you really don't want your picture or video taken. People have killed themselves over getting bullied because there is a picture out there of them that they personally don't like and wish no one had ever seen. Well that picture can originate from a bullies cell phone. It's easy enough to take a quick picture and send it out. If you were to let kids have their phones that might happen more often.

On the other hand, another reason why I don't think you should let us kids have our cell phones is because it will distract from someone learning and that is what school is all about. If someone had their phone they would most likely text one of their friends. Therefore they are distracted from the lesson the teacher is trying to teach and they will not get what is going on in that class. Also I have seen people text each other answers to a test. This is very common for students to do because they do not know what is going on because during that lesson they were to busy on their phone or just being distracted. Texting another person the answers to a test or quiz is cheating.

Yes, I would love to have my phone to text all my friends but there are more important things like learning. Again, I do not think you should let us kids have our cell phones with us because it will lead to bullying and also cheating. It can lead to many other things, but those two are the main problems of having a cell phone on during class.