The author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars. Although he presents boths aspects. I feel like he leans more towrds the idea that we are ready to try out and create driverless cars. I feel that people are still getting used to electronics and cars. So rushing into the idea of driverless cars is not a god idea. Maybe towards the future we can create and build on the idea but right now I feel as if that idea can wait. In the text it says "In most states it's illegal even to test computer driven-cars." This proves that the world is not quite ready for driverless cars.

It also states in paragraph 9 that, " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault--- he driver or the manufacturer?" If the technology fails people are bound to blame and sue the manufacturer. The will state that the technology fails and you aren't doing anything or they will say I want my money back. Who could blame them? If the technology fails then it is definitely the manufacturers fault. Not the driver. Human driven cars are safer because humans have control over the cars but if computers were to driver then they would not know the traffic laws. They will not know what to do at a construction site. There is no promise that the computer knows these things. They maybe little issues but if something were to go wrong. It could end up being a big issue over the littlest thing.

Even though Sergey Brin believes that the world is ready for this next step and that he can envision it. I think he needs to look at the little isses and problems that may occur. Apple is send out new technology every year. Also every year people have to get used to the new technology and the idea behind it. So you send out a completely new idea on cars. How will people react? If these new cars get into more accidents who are the people going to blame? I think driverless cars should be an idea towards the future. So my position on driverless cars is that the idea can wait and that the idea is more an idea towards the future of human kind. I'll admit I love technology but even I think that driverless cars is a bit much. Let's focus on the problems right now. 