Why is it important for the teachers to assign summer projects during the long summer break? It is important for the teacher to assign summer projects during long summer break, because it is assures that; the students continues learning during the summer break. Summer break is a long break where students usually forget what they did and studied last year. So, it is better to for the teachers to assign summer projects, so the students can come better prepared and ready for the classes after a long summer break. Teacher- designed projects are usually school appropriate, focuses more on the main idea, and easy for the teachers to grade the assignment.

Teacher- designed projects helps the students to focus on the main idea. It does not distract the students to go off the topic and focus more on what teacher wants and expects from us. It is also helps the students to full-fill the teachers requirement, for example; In the future, it would help the college students because they would be more prepared and ready for it. College professors usually assign really hard projects so it would be hard and difficult for the students to do. They also wants us to not go off topic because they don't like students giving extra information that is useless. If students have multiple choices to work on, they usually get confused and don't know what topic is best for them to choose. It gets really hard for the students if they make their own choices so it is better for the teacher to assign or design a project that has been approved by the teachers department.

Grading projects for the professor/ teachers is an easy task if the students chose to do the projects that they have assigned. If the students choose to design/ create the project on their own. It would be kind of hard for the teachers to grade the assignment. They might get confused on what the actual topic is and would not get a good grade unless you have enough information for the teacher to understand. For example, during the end of the sophomore year we got a research project to do to get a GPA

boost. In order, to get the GPA boost I needed to do good on the research assignment. Me and my partner chose a topic that was not a teacher's choice topic and it was about testing goldfish in different water levels. The teacher told us that it would be a hard topic to choose as she did this sort of assignment during the college days before becoming a teacher. We both still chose to do it and took a risk, in the end most of the goldfish died during the experiment and our research assignment didn't went that well as we thought it would be. Me and my partner didn't receive a good grade, we got a B- on the research project. After that I decided to always choose a topic that has been assigned by the teacher because they already been more experienced and chose what is easy for us to do. This year research assignment is assigned by our teacher and it is much more easier for us to do as it is assigned by the teacher and until now we have been getting good grades and just waiting for the final part to complete. It is better to always listen to your teachers point of view because it might help you in the future and you might end with a good grade, even you get your teacher's guidance for the project.

Teachers- designed projects are usually checked by the academies of Generic_School or the head of the teachers department to assure that it is school prohibited. Projects should be school appropriate because students usually choose topics that might not be appropriate for schools. Teachers/ professors knows best what school assignments are appropriate and what are not. If the project is not school appropriate, you might get a straight zero in your grade book and a comment written, it was not a school appropriate project that's why your kid got a zero on your report card. Student-designed project can be easy for them unless, it is school appropriate and meet the certain requirements that has been provided by the teacher. For example, in the show ''the vampire diaries", Generic_Name chose to do an assignment for a history project. It was about the witches and vampires and how they were created and how many are there. This was not a school appropriate project for a high school student to research about this kind of topic. So he received a zero on this assignment. Generic_Name teacher talked to him about the project and gave him a second chance to do a topic that is related to history.

In conclusion, teacher- designed projects are best for the students because it would help the students to focus more on what criteria to meet and what are our teacher's expectations. It would be much more easier for the teacher to grade and help us on the assignment that she has designed for us. Teacher would assign or create a project that would be useful for us in the future and might help us in many ways. Teacher creates an assignment that is school appropriate because if it is not school appropriate then you'll straight get a zero on the assignment. Teacher chooses the topic are easier and helpful in way for their students. Teachers assignments can sometimes be really hard and too difficult at times that you might get confused on what information to put and what not to. Though, some of the school requires the teacher's to design a project not the student's because it is out of schools law because if they do something wrong, the teacher gets into trouble. Teachers should give summer assignments to the students during summer break because it is very long break and children usually forget. So the teacher creates these assignments for the students to relearn and get more knowledge through projects that might help them in future or their career. However, I think that teachers should be the one designing the projects because it keeps the teacher assure that students are learning important information that might be helpful in their future.