" The Electoral College is a process, not a place." retorted by the Office of the Federal Register. The Electoral College was established by our founding fathers. The main reason it was established was because it was a compromise between electing the President by a vote in Congress and electing the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electoral College is a timely and outdated process that consists of selecting the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the President and Vice President, and counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Yes, the Electoral College has helped the United States of America but it has also caused us many major conflicts that no citizen can change. Many Americans are not heard and by demolishing the Electoral College and bringing our "old friend" popular vote back in majority of Americans will be heard. This is a free country right? Do we have the right to be heard and vote for ourselves? I strongly believe we do. I vehemetly feel that the United States of America should use popular vote due to the fact Electors can turn sides, in reality voters are not even voting for the President they're voting for the electors, and there is often a major conflict also known as the "disaster factor".

"...electors could always defy the will of the people." Stated by author, Bradford Plumer.  Once Electors are voted for they have our trust and votes in the center of their palms. They could either listen to the people or break our trust. Majority of times more than 15% of electors turn sides and vote for the opposing party. In a survey taken in 2000 more than 60% voted for popular vote by citizens because they were unwilling to put they're vote in the electors hands. Looking at the correct statistics don't you believe it's only fair to the American people that we use popular vote? More than half of America believes it is only right to use popular vote. What about the other half? Well, thinking about the situation, in the end, they will still get what they want and what is needed. But the real question here is, what do you think?

Lets take a quick look at reality here! When voting for the President of the United States of America you are technically voting for electoral votes. Majority of America does not realize that because of the Electoral College you are voting for their votes. As an citizen of the United States we have the freedom to speak and vote for whoever we want. When voting we are basically putting our votes in the hands of the electors so if sides are turned doesn't that basically mean our freedoms/rights are being violated? I advocatly believe it does and the only way we could possibly fix it is by establising popular vote. So why are we waisting time?

Last but never least, popular vote should be established because almost every four years the Electoral college runs into major problems whether sides being turned on or just the system running low. Believe it or not voting is not supposed to be such a chaotic process. Assertions are made with not much basis which causes majority of the problems we face. If we get rid of the Electoral college entirely all the conflicts will vanish. Our founding father would be proud to know that we got rid of the system that was giving America major  problems even if we much appriciate our founding fathers.

In conclusion, I vehemetly feel that the United states of America should use popular vote due to the fact Electors can turn sides, in reality voters are not even voting for the president they are voting for the electors, and there is often a major conflict also known as " disaster factors".    