Everyone has their own opinion on the way our Presidents are elected. Some say they would prefer popular votes rather than electoral votes, while others believe we should keep it the same way. I believe that it is more fair and less kayotic having popular votes rather than electoral votes. I believe that popular votes keep it fair when it comes to choosing a Presidant and does not cause a lot of fights. Although I believe this some say that electoral voting is also safe and keeps people under control.

Some United states citizens, including me, believe popular votes are more fair and are more of peoples choices. Lots of citizens believe that with electoral votes it's not fair because with electoral votes candidates don't spend time in all the states, some states don't even see campaign ads. Also it's fair because that means that lots of people truly want that candidate for Presidant. Just like when Al Gore won the popular votes, which mean more poeple like him and thought he would be a great President, lost the whole campaign cause of electoral votes. Citizens also get more say if it were for just popular votes and with elctoral votes not so much because even if their is a tie people don't choose, House of Representatives do.

As for others they are completly against popular votes and think that electoral votes are more safe and calming for many reasons. It keeps it fair because it isn't based off which candidate put more comersuals out there or who people know more. With electoral voting you are voting for the electors in The Electoral College who then vote themsevles and are then are counted by Congress. Also with electoral votes not lots of arguing could happen. With popular votes people may begin to argue about who deserved it more cause more peple knew him rather than the other candidate. "Also it more fair because each state has their own group of electors so they know who is better for their state." (source 1, paragraph 5)

Although everyone ahs their opinions I believe that popular votes are a better way to vote rather than electoral voting because it's more fair to citizens and less kayotic. Their are many facts and evidence in this world and i history to show that popular voting is more aficient than electoral voting.    