As time moves on the world continuse to further our advacement in technoloy, this includes cars.

Like tomorrow this can't be stoped people are going to make cars that can drive them selves.

But cars that drive them selves would be a tariable thing for this world.

Driverless cars would not be good because a computer can not react like a human can, we would loose jobs and this would effect the economy, and because they limmit the freedom of the passanger.

Driverless cars would not be a good thing because a computer does not react like a human.

Humans naturaly have a reflex that a computer doesn't, we see something run into the road and we know weather to slam on the breaks (in the case of a child) or run over it in hope you don't hit it (in the case of a squwarl).

A computer could mistake these suck objects and thus causing another problem of is it "the driver or the manufacturer" (10).

Also in the case where the car would control the speed of the car.

Say you were driving a woman to the hospidle because se is going into labor, or someone needs medical attenshion and you need to drive them there.

In cases such as these going the speed limit is not the best thing.

You would need to go over in order to save or help the person.

For reasones like this a computer as a driver would not be a good idea.

In the state of Indiana the manufacturing of car is one of the economical exports that we have.

If you were to take all those jobs and take them out to California to build driverless cars, that would hurt the economy of Indiada.

Also what about other formes of trancportation that require a driver?

The taxies of New York, or the local buses that run all over the country? what would happen to bus drivers jobs, would they all be replaced with driverless cars? For that reason of hurting the economy driverless cars would not benifit America.

Driverless cars also would restrict the freedoms of the individuwal.

Say you were of a drive and you wanted to go throught backroads to see the landscape, would the driverless car take you there or would it take you on the main highways? In these driverless cars how would the passanger be incontrol at all? Technology may be atvancing in many ways than one but I don't want the way I travel to be restricted.

Driverless cars would be horiable because computers can't react like a human can, we would loose jobs and it would effect the economy, and because they limmit the freedom of the passanger.

For all these reasons we should not have driverless cars.

Pluse haven't we seen enought movies where there are driverless cars and robots walking the streets that take over the world?

Variouse movies have been created like these and every day we come closer to robots taking over the world. I don't want that and I think we should provail it as much as possiable starting with the driverless cars.  