Summertime is a time for students to take a break from school. Taking a break, however, comes at a cost. During summer, students tend to forget things they learned in the past school year. This is why some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure students continue learning, even during summer. These projects should be student based because it can be used as incentive to work, gives students more options, and makes sure everyone can do them. When it comes to summertime learning, students should be in control. When students design their own projects, everybody wins.

During summer, it's hard to do school work when there's no school. Some students may find it hard to find ways to work while others may not even try. Giving students the ability to choose what to do can combat this problem by giving them incentive to work. When giving students the ability to choose, they are more likely to work on the projects. In addition, not only will they want to do the projects, but enjoy them, since the assignments are on the student's terms. Giving students more freedom when it comes to learning can strengthen their minds and help them grow.

When the projects are teacher-designed, that means every student gets the same prompt. While this might be fine for some students, there's no way of satisfying every student. Letting students design their projects can make sure every student does what they want. If students were to design their own projects, then every student can be satisfied with what they do. Student-designed projects can also create diversity, ensuring every student's project is different in their own way. More choice when it comes to projects makes students more prone towards things they want to learn and might be able to learn new skills.

Another problem students may face is the inability to do the projects. While some students may be able to accomplish the objectives of the projects, others might be incapable. Letting students design their own projects makes everyone capable of completing them. When designing their own projects, students will work with the resources around them and make sure that the project is able to be accomplished. At some point if the student runs into a problem, instead of going through the hassle of contacting a teacher and figuring out what can be changed, they can change the projects to their own standards, saving time and energy. Some people, however, may not agree with these reasons.

People can still argue that teacher-designed projects are more successful. While it is true that if teachers designed the projects, every student will at least have something to work on, teacher-designed projects aren't the better option. Even though every student has a project idea, not every student has the means of accomplishing them. Even if they were, there's no tell whether they will like doing it or not. Students that don't like the project are more reluctant to finish or even start. While teacher-designed projects have one advantage, they also have many disadvantages.

In conclusion, students should be in charge of designing their own projects during the summer. First, student-designed projects can give more incentive to students and encourage them to complete their projects. Second, student-designed projects give more options and freedom to students. Finally, giving students the ability to choose their own projects makes sure that each student can complete their projects. When it comes to summertime learning, students should be in control.