Even though the Electoral College is known as a disaster factor, it has its benefits. The Electoral College is a process that consists of the selection of the electors. Each candidate running in your state has his or her own group of electors that are voted for. When you vote on election day, which is held every four years on Tuesday after the first Monday in Novemeber, you vote for the candidate's electors. Many politicians wanted to abolish the Electoral College because of its lack of democratic pedigree, but the college doesn't allow voters of other regions to feel disenfranchised, it avoids run-off elections, and thinks that the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election.

The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal. It would not be fair for a candidate to campaign heavily in a state that they know they are going to win. This does not gain them any electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows will win. This causes voters that are from the opposite region to feel as if their votes did not count, that their new president would not care about their interests or values. The president would not really be their president because of the fact that they were ignored.

Voters that are more likely to pay attention to the campaign by listening to each opposing sides that compete against one another should decide the election. If voters that voted didn't care and picked the weaker candidate, then everyone would pay the price. The knowledgable voters listen to the competing candidates and will receive the most information and attention from the candidates. This leads to a candidate worthy enough to become president, which will choose the country's decisions for the next four years.

Run-off elections, where elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast is avoided. There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast, which complicates the presidential election process, but is reduced by the Electoral College to announce a clear winner. The run-off election once happened to Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992.

Many argue the fact that the Electoral College method may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope for carrying their state. People knowing their vote will have no effect, will have less intentions of paying attention to the election then they would have if the president picked the popular vote. Voter's in presidential elections are people who want to express a political reference and want the best for their country's future rather than people who think one vote may decide the election and disregard the point of voting.                       