What have a choice of being a sport, working on a yearbook, or serving in the student council? That's correct! An extracurricular activity! Activities are things you can do on the side for fun, and they help keep you active almost everyday. However, do you think that the principal should make all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity? Saying that, in addition to the principal's decision, I agree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because an activity helps with communication, it helps students keep their minds off of the bad behaviors that they have, and parents' would not have to stress about their child.

First, an activity could help with communication. students would be able to socialize with their peers around them, in particular, they would be able to discuss and share things with each other. Also, students would take turns on sharing their thoughts and plans with their peers. Students would also learn how to work together. They would have fun activities that requires teamwork to accomplish it. Not to include that Students would have to get along with each other or else there would be consequences.

Next, It helps students keep their minds off of the bad behaviors that they have. The activities would help the students to not focus on being in the streets. The reason for that is that students would be occupied with the activity that they're in. Also, they would not be a part of any violence because of their activity. Students won't be able to go out with gang members because they're too busy after school. The same goes for fighting and any other type of violence as well.

Finally, parents' would not stress about their child. One of the reasons that parents' would not stress is because the extracurricular activities that are provided would be held after school. In that case, parents' would not have to worry about leaving work early to pick their child up. Also, there would be food provided for students. Students would have school dinner after their activity. In addition of saying that, parents' wouldn't have to worry about their child being overly hungry after school.

Some people might disagree with this decision. They might say '' I have other things to do," or, " I don't like any of the activities provided!" However, what they don't think about is how extracurricular activities can affect them positively!

In conclusion, The principal's decision is something that can have a positive effect on everyone. Therefore, I agree with the principal because it can help students socialize, students would not think about negative things in the outside world, and parents' would be stress free. As a fact, everyone should be in an extracurricular activity. Don't you think so?