Generic_Name

Generic_City

March 12, 2020

When I was around eight years old, I joined a softball team not really knowing how to play.

Also I didn't know anybody or even know what to do, but joining the team taught me so much I wouldn't be where I am without it. It's been six years since I started playing, and I'm still friends with everyone that was on my softball team. Extracurricular activities such as clubs, sports, and the student council can and will make a big impact on students. I agree that students should participate in extracurricular actives because, they teach students teamwork, help them gain social skills, and keeps them healthy and active.

When students join an after school sport or club there will be others they may not know, playing on the same team. The first rule in teamwork is work as a team no matter what circumstances. The people on your team are the people that have your back at the end of the day. Even if you mess up in a game, practice, or a match, they are the people that going to tell you it's going to be okay. Even outside of school or practice, like the classroom you might have to do group work, and work as a team but you would already know how to. By doing extracurricular activities teaches students teamwork and will make students better at working as a team.

Joining extracurricular activities will improve and/or teach students social skills. Like when they first get on the team or get into the club, with other students they will most likely don't know. You have to have build teamwork but before that you need to get to know the people on your team by introducing yourself. There's always going to be a group of people that already know each other so, they will have to speak up. Not only would it build their social skills but it will expand their friend group.

After school sports and clubs will also help keep you healthy and active. Extracurricular activities like sports are usually everyday afrerschool about two hours. Sports like soccer or basketball will keep students running so they would be physically active and keep their heart healthy. Clubs like chess and student council students wouldnt be running but helps their mental health. Also both sports and clubs will boost mental health so much because you have friends you can talk to when your upset or going through anything.

Extracurricular can help you so much not just by hanging out with friends but by, teaching students teamwork, help them gain social skills, and keeps them healthy and active. Which will help students in the long run and also in the classroom. Students can just try it out and they will probably end up loving the activity and new friends they've made.                     