Every day, thousands of people lose their lives to automobile accidents, property is destroyed, lives are ruined, and more importantly, the Earth itself is dying. All of these things can be avoided though. By reducing the ammount we use cars, we can make a great change in the world. In the following essay I will show you, the reader, how reducing car use can change the world, and hopefully convince you to begin using your car a little bit less.

The first advantage I will share with you is that using less cars means denser cities. City planners will make cities more dense to accomodate shorter walking distances. This makes going places much more convienient, and less space in the world being taken up by cities. This not only helps you, but all the people on Earth, as less forests are being destroyed to be used for land for unnecessarily large cities. Denser towns and cities also means that you can spend more time doing things you want to do, instead of traveling to where you want to go. In a very dense city, you can walk down to a coffee shop, order a coffee, walk over to a nearby store and look around there while your coffee is being made, then walk back, get your coffee, and walk to work in the same time it would take just to drive to work in a less dense city. Thins will be more convienient, and more environmentally friendly.

Another advantage to less cars being used is lower greenhouse gasses and other harmful emmissons. After just 4 days of reducing driving in Paris, smog levels went down drastically. If all harmful emission cars are banned in the world, the evironment would return to a much more stable state in no time. This would improve the life span of the world, and help not only humans, but also many animals to survive longer.

The final advantage I will talk about is the economical advantage to not owning a car. When you own a car, you have to pay for the car itself, plus insurance, gas, and you have to maintain the car to keep it running. This takes a lot of money out of the pockets of many families. Without a car, you can spend much more money on more needed things.

Today I have informed you about the many advantages to using less cars in society, these advantages include denser cities, less greenhouse gasses and other harmful emmissions, and more money to spend on other things. Thank you for reading.    