The use of the Facial Action Coding System , FACS,

to read a students' emotional expressions in a classroom would be very valuable. It would allow a lesson to be modified to better interest a student. It would also help to keep the student from becoming so confused to the point of giving up.

Since most schools have transfered over from books and paper to Chromebooks or iPads, the system could be added to the devices. It wouldn't be able to happen immedietly, but eventually with the evolvution of technology the iPads and Chromebooks would be able to handle the program. The text states that our home PCs wouldn't be able to handle the complex algorithms, but hopefully one day they could.

This program would be beneficial to teachers so that they can see how their students are feeling when doing assignments. If three quarters of the class are using their sygomatic major muscles while reading an aritcle, then the teacher knows that they should assign more assignments like that one. If the whole class is bored to death with a particular article, then the teacher knows not to assign to many things like that on ein particular. With the teachers knowing how the students are feeling, it will help keep the students interseted in what they are doing. The teachers will know how their students are feeling about what they have been assigned. Right now, most teachers have no clue as to how the students feel about their assignments because they don't ask. This program will help the teachers stay in tune with their students.

This program will also help teachers realize when the students just aren't understanding the material. The program will recognize when a student is confused. When the teacher sees that their student is having difficulty, they will be able to offer help. Most kids think 'I'll just figure it out on my own, i don't need help.' The students think this because they are scared that the teachers may make fun of them or not help them because the teacher thinks the student is just wanting answers, or that their peers will make fun of them. If the teacher can acutally get a report from the program that a student was very confused on a particular assignment, then the teachers can pull the struggling students aside and help them without the fear that their peers will make fun of them.

This will benefit the students because they won't have to worry about the other kids making fun of them or having to struggle through an assignment they don't understsand.

When a program that can detect subtle changes in forty-four muscles in a human face is able to be used on easily accessible devices, it is going to change the way school is taught. The program will allow students to have a say in their schoolwork and to get help on assignments they would have normally just muddled through. This program is going to change education for the better!