I think that drivers should not be able to operate while on the road because they can get easily distracted, they don't pay attention and could crash, they can fatally harm the people on the road. There have been a lot of different accidents because of people working on the road on their phone, or just not doing their jobs right from the start.

Drivers get easily distracted when using their phone to make calls for business.

According to EdgarSnyder. com the average amount of car crashes from using cell phones are about 1.6 million a year. The site also said that 94% of people support the ban for texting and driving. If drivers work on the road they are more likely to take phone calls or texts while driving, and that may result in a crash or an accident of some sort.

On average there are 1.25 million deaths yearly by automobile. With people working on the road that average is going to double faster. Being able to talk on the phone or texting while driving with more people adding everyday to work on the road the more people that work on the road the more likely there is to be an accident, and the more accidents, the higher fatality rate. People will quit their jobs to work on the road and make money, From July to September about 2.4% of people voluntarily quit their jobs. Of the 7 billion people in the world 2.4% quit their jobs and that rate will grow fast.

A lot of jobs that require working on the road like Uber, Lyft, Uber eats, Doordash, all have requirements for the job. Different companies have different ways of working, but most of the employees don't really pay attention to the rules because they think they don't need them.

For those who don't pay attention or follow the rules, they suffer the consequences. Driving is an important part of people and their jobs as they commute to work every single day. If there are any distractions that take away the commute then there should not be a lot of people working on the road.

In conclusion i think that people should not be able to work on the road. Drivers get easily distracted, they don't pay attention, they don't do their jobs. Working on the roads can get very distracting. Working on the road is very dangerous. It is very life threatening.   