To whom it may concern,

Education is key in life it helps you get on the right track to know how to help create a thriving and worthwhile future. Some students athletes forget that at times therefore I encourage the new rule to be passed. Many student athletes feel they need special treatment just because there are in fact special; being a student athlete means you can do things that others can't! Because of that mindset, these students don't always believe that education is important to their future. I strongly disagree and believe that if we had the new rule a lot of students will buckle down on their grades in order to play.

It's nice to be an athlete; the parties the popularity and not to mention the girls, but that's not going to get you anywhere in life. If all the student athletes kept at least a B average they could have a thriving future playing any sport they want to at a good college. Just putting a little more time into school would really benefit them in the future. Some might argue that with sports they don't have enough time for school work. In that case coaches can arrange time after practice or in the mornings to get extra study time.

I being a student athlete am able to balance cheerleading, drama, chorus, and academics at the same time while keeping up my honor roll status. Its not easy but I can balance it. I've learned to keep my priorities set to where I can have a thriving future in what ever field I choose to go into. I know that fate steps in and can take the best of us and that in one freak tumbling accident I could never cheer again. That's why I keep my grades up to know whatever happens I will be ok.

Being a student athlete doesn't effect grades sure it can make the job harder but only if you choose to. I believe that the new rule should be enforced and followed and their athletes who really care about there future will follow it religiously. If your smart and talented enough to be a student athlete you will make the right decision for your future. So decide what you want to take out of this essay will you make the grade or be left behind while others not as talented as you take your rightful spot. the decision is yours you are the only one with the tools available to pave the road to a successful future.

Thank you for your time,

STUDENT_NAME      