It is good to ask for advice from multiple people instead of one person because if you are in a such a horrible situation that could end up with you and a loved one saying nasty things at each other that you dont really mean. You would need advice from multiple people to prevent that happening because if you go to you one of your closest friends asking for their advice, but they might accidentally give you the wrong advice with out meaning too. Asking for multiple different people's advice can give you different opinions, and backup advice.

If you receive several different opinions it could help you make a good decision based on your situation. For example if you only ask one person for advice on how to study for a big test, but instead of giving you good advice on how to study that person accidentally gave you bad advice and you end up failing that test. But if you asked 3 different people for advice and two people recommend one similar way to study, and the other person recommended a completely different way to study then chose the most recommended way to study for the test because most likely those to people used the same strategies and did really well.

Having backup advice will help if the advice you took in the first place doesnt work. Then you have other advice to fall back on. Here is an example: If you are starting a new business for the first time and you go to a two different people who have already started a business and person number one said "Work on getting a facility to work in", and person number two said "make as much money as possible first". You go with person number one's advice which is to get a facility to work in. The advice that you went with didn't work very well, so you go to advice number two which is to make as much money as possible and that advice worked wonderfully. Its always good to have backup advice that you can use if the original fails.

Seeking diferenent people's advice can help you in multiple ways like having different opinions, and backup advice to use if the original advice fails. Asking for advice is a great thing but sometimes people get bad advice so receiving multiple people's advice is better then just one person's advice.