Make your own choices! You should be able to choose if you want to play sports or not. School is bad enough you shouldn't have to do something you do not want to do. Extracurricular activities are not for everyone. You should have the right to pick what you want to do.

Life is full of choices not being told you can and can't do something. Activities like sports, yearbook staff, or serve on the student council is your choice nobody else can make them but you. Principals are just making sure the school is in order not to tell you that you have to play sports. People everyday make choices who told them to make the choice they told their selves to make the choice. You need to choose for yourself not be told by a high school principal that you have to do something.

Making choices is how people live. If a principal thinks he can tell kids what they can and can't do he is in a world of hurt. School is the best years of your life and going through school doing what you are told by one person will get you nowhere in life. School is where you learn make friends and do what you want after it is over not be forced to do something. School is a lifetime of memories but doing what you are told creates no memories it creates really bad stories.

School is fun and creates memories. Being told by your middle or high school principal that you have to do some kind of after school activity is not. Only you can make the choices that will get you through school. Nobody else can choose for you. After school activities are fun but not for everyone.

In conclusion being told to do an after school activity by your principal is not the kind of school to go to. Then in another sense being told by your parents is different. Your principal can't tell you to participate but your parents can. An after school activity is something you need to do if you want if now then go home and do whatever you want to do. Enjoy life in and out of school but being told by your principal is not the way to go about things.