Distance learning can look like the future of schooling, most colleges already use online video conferencing software as a way for students to attend their classes and they even have some classes that can only be taken online without needing to come to classroom at all. Distance learning is a practice of attending a class online from home, it is a good tool that would benefit the students and allow them to learn from a comfort of their couches if they are sick, and they don't want to miss out on the content that their classmate go through. While it is a good practice for some students who can not attend the class, some would argue it ineffective and that students would not attend them anyways. Schools should offer students to take the classes from home because it would benefit the students and help them avoid the sticky situations of not knowing the topic because they missed a class.

Distance learning would be a beneficial thing for students as another study tool they would use often if they miss schools a lot. In lots of cases when a student misses a class it is usually a pain for them to catch up since the online classrooms don't always help. Without listening to the lectures, the content of the online classrooms might look confusing since they weren't able to listen to the instructions given by the teacher. Attending the class online in a video conference form, would drastically help the students to not miss anything, be able to write down the necessary notes, listen to the instructions on the assignment or a project, and it wouldn't feel like they were frozen for ages in the cave and missed out on a lot of things. In China because of the virus outbreak the students attend the classes from home to avoid getting the virus or to avoid spreading it, it helps them to stay on top of their learning, benefit themselves or others.

Lots of times not being able to attend the class usually harms students, their learning, and their grades. If the schools begin to offer distance learning and video conferencing, it would help students pay attention in class without even being inside the school. Attending the class online would help students miss the class without any harm to them, and continue their learning the next day in schools without any hustle like they never missed a second in class. Colleges recently began to practice distance learning because their students were not able to attend the classes for various reasons. Now with online-conferencing-software, it is way easier for students to keep up with school, stay productive without constantly needing to catch up if they miss a lot of classes,

and listen to the lecture if they are having difficulty coming to classrooms.

With the results and the increase in productivity seen in college students, schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend the class, because it would reduce the hustle of catching up, lots of learning can be done online, and students don't feel as bad about missing the class if they attend it online and it doesn't hurt their attendance report. Learning shouldn't be headache if a student couldn't come to class. Student are going to benefit from this program because it would help them be on the same page with the teacher and their classmates, not make learning even more harder, help students pass all their exams, get good grades, and graduate. 