Some students with severe cases of disabilities cannot attend school on a daily basis, sometimes missing school for up to weeks at a time. These students usually end up either dropping out of school or repeating grades, which could not only ruin their chances of going to college and getting a job, but their mental health as well because some of these children have dream jobs and goals that they desire to achieve and may realize that their absence from school will prevent them from obtaining their dreams. All of this adds up to what could be another disability that would further prevent the student from coming to school. Even though it would be better if students went to school and were educated in person, many students would actually benefit very much from attending classes at home.

For example, my sister was diagnosed with severe anxiety at a young age, and about a year ago, her anxiety interfered with her daily life so much that she had to go to mental hospitals to get proper treatment. To this day, she spends her life at a mental institution and has not attended school for a long time. Fortunately, the hospital she is at right now offers an education system where she can take classes that real schools offer; however, she fears that she will have to repeat freshman year of high school because, so far, she has been absent every single day this year and frets that she will have to be held back, adding on to her anxiety.

My sister, and students just like her, would absolutely benefit from video conferences with teachers and online school. However, virtual school could work beyond people with disabilities: it could also benefit sick students, children who are moving, students going to schools that are under renovation, and kids who simply missed the bus. Even though creating programs like this could be very expensive and teachers may have to work extra time, it would be worth it for lots of school systems around the world. There would be a high chance that graduation rates would rise, there would be no excuse for being absent, and many students with disabilities will finally be able to achieve their dreams and have the future they want.