I do not think that the Facial Action Coding System is valuable when using it to read students' emotions. I have many reasons why I am against this new technology. I believe that unless a person wants to share his or her emotions then nobody else has any business knowing what that person is feeling. My three main reasons why I am against this are because some people hide their emotions because they don't want other people to know about them, emotions are personal, and this new technology will invade the privacy of people.

Fist of all, I will be talking about my first reason that I am against the Facial Action Coding System. I am against it because some people hide their emotions so that way other people don't see them. Many people in the world like to keep their emotions to themselves. They do not like others to know how they feel, but with the new software it will be almost impossible for people to keep the emotions to themselves. In the caption underneath the picture of Mona Lisa, there is a sentence that says, "Imagine being able to detect exactly how other people are feeling, even when they are trying to hide their emotions." That sentence explains that this new software will be able to tell exactly how a person feels. No matter how hard the person is trying to hide their feelings they will no longer be able to fool anyone because of the Facial Action Coding System.

Second of all, I will talk about my second reason why I am against this new software. The second reason why I am against this software is because emotions are personal. They are not to be put out in the open all the time. When someone is experiencing negative emotions he or she may want to keep those personal feelings private. Paragraph 7 and 8 state that the face uses different muscles when fake smiling and real smiling. If a person is not happy and uses a fake smile then he/she is most likely indicating that he/she does not want to share his/her emotions with another individual. This software can detect which musles in the mouth are being used when smiling. This means that fake smiles will no longer fool someone who uses this software.

Last of all, I will be taking about my final reason that I am against this technology. This technology is an invasion of privacy towards people. The caption underneath the picture states that this software can detect exactly how a person is feeling. Imagine if this techonolgy was used on a student who had a lot a personal and private things going on in his/her life that made him/her not want to talk about his/her emotions, but then comes along a new software that can detect the emotions of a person. If this is used on that student then that student's private and personal emotions were just uncovered. What if that student didn't want people to know? It's too late now and that student feels worse because he or she did not want them to be known. Emotions and feelings will be detected without that person's consent too.

In my opinion, this new technology is not valuable when it is used to read the emotions of students in a classroom setting. I do not think that it should ever be used on a student, child, or even an adult. If a person feels that he/she wants to share the emotions he/she is feeling then he/she will tell someone. All and all I 100% disagree with this new software.                   