Dear Principle,

I think as you reconsider the school's cell phone policy this letter could help you decide. I think that you should choose policy 1; allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time.

Other people may say cell phones are distracting, but as long as you enforce the seconds part of the policy which is, as long as the phones are turned off during class time, it shouldn't be a distraction. The distraction comes when students are using their phones inappropriately, whether it be for messing around, or using your phone at times when you shouldn't be.

Having your cell phone out at lunch time and free time should be allowed. It's not hurting anyone to have them out, and it won't be distracting anyone because it's a free time anyways. Without being able to use cell phones at lunch times and free times, students just wander around aimlessly with nothing to do.

Students should be allowed to have cell phones at school. Students use their cell phones to communicate not only among one another, but to their parents as well. Without cell phones the school's phones would be crowded with students lost trying to find their parents and/or family members. I remember before I got my cell phone, it was hard to communicate with my brothers and my mother, because even if I called my home from the school phone, if there is no answer, how am I going to get a call back? We can't have half the school at the office trying to get a hold of their parents. Policy 2 would be completely ridiculous with most students relying on their phones for communication to make it home each day.

It is important for students to have their cell phones at school, and it would be completely harmless for a student to have their cell phone out during lunch time or free time. Would it really be free time if the students can't even text or call one another? Policy 1 should be chosen for the schools cell phone policy.

Sincerely,

Concerned Student