Most schools in the United States require students to complete a summer project. Projects are assigned over the summer to assure students are learning over the long break. Most students want to enjoy their break without any school work and wait until the last week of summer break to complete summer projects. This is why summer projects should be student-designed. If summer projects are student-designed, students will be more creative, it gives students a senses of independence, and students will be able to explore areas of interest.

However, some may disagree and say summer projects should be teacher-designed. They argue for this because if projects are student-designed they may off topic. This is a valid argument because it would make no sense if a student in a science class did a project about Fredrick Douglass. This could be avoided if teachers made guidelines for students to follow. Nevertheless, their are other view points to consider.

On the other hand, if summer projects were student-designed they would be more creative. Students would not be restricted and could express themselves in unique ways. In the last few decades or so, the government has made standards for students to meet. With theses standards in places teachers have to follow a very strict curriculum. More than ever before, teachers are teaching to the test which limits student creativity. With student-designed summer projects, students can express their creativity which they are limited to in the school year.

In addition, allowing summer projects to be student-designed would let students to feel independent. As most students are restricted during the school year to a classroom, allowing students to design their own projects could mean they go to a local park and explore their community. In Tara Westover's memoir

Educated

, as a young girl she did not explore her community as a child due to her parents beliefs. As she grew up she wanted to go to college and experience something new. When she went to college it was very rewarding. This is because she was not restricted any more. Allowing students to design their own project could be a very rewarding feeling for them because of the independence they gain through it.

Finally, if summer projects were to be student-designed it would allow students to explore areas of interest that may not correlate to a specific subject in school. If a student wanted to do a project about fast fashion, it does not make sense to do it in a world history, algebra, biology or band class. That is why it is beneficial to students if they design their own summer project. A student-designed summer project allows students to research a topic they might not be able to do in their classes during the school year.

To conclude, letting students to design their own summer project is beneficial in more than one way. Students will be able to show off creativity that they might not show off in school. Student-designed projects gives students a sense of independence because they are not being told what to do. It also allows student to explore topics that are not taught in school. Student-designed projects have many benefits and could even lead to a career path in the future.