The answer is so astoundingly obvious, the projects should be student-designed.

I believe that the projects students are required to do over the smmer should be student-design rather than teacher-designed for countless reasons.

It is less work for the teachers them selves.

Students would be allowed to work on their creative mind.

Students become more inclined to do them this way.

First of all is a simple reason that it is less work for the teachers.

Instructors already have plenty of work to do over the summer, some teach summer school and have to grade papers. Even teachers that do not teach summer school still have plenty of work to do like getting ready for the next school year.

On top of that they have their own adult homes lives to deal with.

When you add more work like planning a summer project for all your students to do and maybe even having to come up with multiple, I feel that is not necessary.

The next argument I propose is that the students will be able to express their creativity.

The projects teachers give out are, nine times out of ten, not exciting at all, mostly boring.

When students are able to come up with their own projects it gives us a sense of creativiy as well as making it more enjoyable.

We can put our interests into the project: gaming, anime, reading, sports, hiking, fishing, etc. It also gives us a sense of ownership over the entire thing rather than it being another boring, school issued, manditory assignment.

My final act of persuasion will be that students would be more inclined to do the projects.

Summer is a time we don't want to think about school, it is a 3 month time period we can sit back and relax or focus on more important things than if our homework is done.

Students tend to wait till the last minute and sometimes not do them at all.

While, yes, some people may say, "They could do the project anyway over summer if it's something they want to do whether it's issued or not so why have it be school issued."

That is where you are wrong, you see, kids around my age such as thirteen to eighteen are known to be gargantuate procrastinaters.

We may want to do something over the summer and might find it cool but more than likely we won't end up doing it.

If the subject at hand is required then we would have the drive to actually do it rather than loiter, and since we crated it and find interest in it we would most likely do the project early on and efficiently.

In conclusion to this exactly three thousand charcater persuasive essay, I believe that the projects students are required to do over the smmer should be student-design rather than teacher-designed.

It gives instructors less work.

Students get to express their creativity and interests.

Students would be motived and have more push to do the project. It is assenine to think otherwise since my argument is astronomically superior to any arguement that could be mustered for the projects to be teacher-designed. With all of this being said I say farwell.