Most of the time people are given tasks that must be completed or accomplished by a specific time; however, the task given might not be what one truly wants to do which could lead to lazy work or under achieving expectations. Having that sense of freedom to do what you want is what we all strive to have. The willingness to complete the task at hand goes up as well. Ultimate freedom comes in many forms, but summer vacation is the best example of that especially for a student, and by giving them work restricted to a set rules or guidelines is like putting a wild lion in captivity. Summer projects should be designed by the students because at the end of the summer it would of been thought up, made, revised, edited, printed, and turned in by the student so it's only fair to let them have some fun with it too. It's something about being able to be ones own boss that makes work seem less like work.

Freedom is the name of the game and most people really like to participate. This may seem like not a big deal at the time, but to some people just a little slack off the rope is enough for them to run for miles and they will benefit greatly because of it. My mom once said to me, "a little goes a long way." Giving a student the opportunity to talk about whatever topic they see best fits is beneficial because, not only will this make them want to do it, but they will also be able use their imagination to complete the project. Personally if a teacher tells me to write an essay on per set terms and topic i'm going to struggle, not want to do it, and not have any type of motivation because the topic is not interesting to me personally; although, if i'm given the chance to do a personal essay then that is when I can what i want and talk about what I want.

Another big thing to consider is if they are willing to do what you ask of them on the rules pre-determined. willingness to do something is night and day and it shows; for example, if ones parent tells then to clean their room they are less willing and will probable not do a good job at it, but if one makes the choice on ones own will being then they will do it at a high success rate. As of now most people, mostly adults, end up doing what they want later in life because its what satisfies them. if one hates their job they are nine times out of 10 going to find another job that suites them and that they enjoy. By giving the students the willingness to do as they please it will relieve stress and hopefully end up with a higher rate of completion

In conclusion freedom, the ability to think for ones self, and taking pride in what we do is what we all want in life, being able to go to sleep feeling happy and accomplished. By giving the student the chance to spread their wings and do as they see best fits for them is beneficial in the long run, especially when it comes to something as important as school grades. Something as simple as the way the student approaches this assignment can and will effect their grade and maybe even their life forever. So next time a summer project is given just let the students have some fun, it is summer vacation after all. 