Every year when summer break rolls around, students become restless and excited. But as soon as they get comfortable and begin to relax and enjoy the stress-free summer life, the realization that they have school projects to do hits them like a ton of bricks, oftentimes draining the enjoyment from their time on break. Many school teachers find it easiest and most convenient to design a project and assign it to the students, but this just ends up turning into a chore for students. What if, to lessen the students' feelings of resentment towards summer projects, the teachers allowed the projects to be student-designed? Although some believe that required summer projects should be teacher-designed, in reality it is much more beneficial to the student for the projects to be student-designed.

Required summer projects should be student-designed because when students are in control of their project, they are able to express themselves and an interest they may have through the assignment. Teachers, when designing the project they assign, may feel that by providing parameters and a rubric for an assignment they are helping the student out. In reality, they are just limiting the student to think in the way the teacher thinks. On the other hand, when students design the project, they are better able to express a passion they would like to share with others. For example, a project that requires the student to read a book and do a report on the character symbolism simply becomes a chore in the eyes of the student. This student may have a passion for nature and animals, yet there would be no way for them to express that passion within the confinement of a literary analysis project. If the student were able to design the project by his or herself, it would immediately become less of a chore as they would have the freedom to do the project on something they love, be it nature, music, art, athletics, science, or any other topic of their choice. It is almost guaranteed that a student will put more effort into a project regarding a topic they are interested in. When students have a say in their assignment, it no longer feels like a pointless task forced upon them by a superior; thus, the quality of the project will likely be higher as they will feel motivated when the assignment allows them to express themselves.

When students design their own projects, they develop independence that shapes them as an individual and prepares them for later in life. By telling their students exactly what to do for a summer project, teachers may be making it easier for the student in the short term. In the long term however, they are restricting the student's independence and individuality by not allowing them to make their own mature choices in designing their own project. When a student is allowed to design their own project, they are making small choices that teach them how to think and make choices independently and creatively without constant oversight. As well as training the student to make their own decisions, designing a project teaches individuals to have confidence. This is a much needed trait for teenagers nowadays who often times lack the self-confidence needed to pursue something they have a passion for. It is beneficial to society to instill self-confidence, individuality, and independence in students so that they are able to pursue their passions in life. These traits that can arise from something as simple as designing one's own project prepare individuals for life in the real world to be productive citizens that can make a difference in the world.

Something as simple as a required summer project can have lasting effects on students if they are allowed to design it themselves and are not confined by the boundaries instilled by their teacher. When a student is able to design the project them self, they are able to express passions they may otherwise have no way to express and will likely create a higher quality project because of their interest in a topic. Also, designing the project by one-self instills confidence, independence, and individuality which are valuable traits today in teenagers transitioning to adulthood. Although some believe that required summer projects should be teacher-designed, the benefits that result from allowing the project to be student-designed can potentially shape an individual to be ready to go out into the real world and make a difference. 