Dear Florida State Senator,

The Electoral College has been used to vote forever. The College has 538 electors and the number for each state is dependent upon the population. Therefor, some believe it is out dated but others do not because it prevents ties and prevents a candidate from the South or North from over powering the other whom ever it might be in that case.

The Electoral College has been in operation since well before 1888. in this time the only time it was even close to being a tie as stated in source two paragraph four "... a tie would have occurred if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way."(Plumer). Yes, it may have been a close call but it did not happen and it doesn't say it might not ever happen just that it didn't. without the Electoral College what would of happened in 1968 with Nixon and then again in 1992 with Clinton, they both tied with their competiters far as popularity goes. If it wasn't for the Electoral College they would of had to make up some tie breaker that could possably been rigged or unfair to either one of the candidites.

The way the Electoral College is set up no one can win by staying in their own comfort zone one might say. For instants in the campaign Romney was in, him being from the South and being well known there it did not give him an overwhelming advantage over his competing candidtes. As stated in source three paragraph five "No region (South, Northeast, ect.) has enough electoral voters to elect the president"(Posner). If the Electoral College didn't do this than yes, their could be a descrepence. The Electoral College does have its flaws but what or whom doesn't.

Yes, the Electoral College might seem out dated but it still works and will work for many years down the road. It prevents ties which is a big deal and it prevents popularity in a certain part of the United States from giving a major upper hand. Next campaign look at where the Candidate go and where they don't, then look at the number of electoral votes able to get from those states.

Sencerly,

Florida resident    