Dear Senator,

The topic of the Electoral college is a hot one, and the idea of whether of not to adjust it is contravercial. Many citizen disagree with the process while many are in favor. What should we do? We should change the Electoral College. The voting is based more on quantity instead of quality, and the voting is not coming from the citizen's directly, making the risk of an unfaithful candidate too high and the actual voting less popular and more electoral. When one state-or even one person- could change the whole ball game that is the Presidential Election, then what does that mean for our democracy?

While many will argue that it is a fair way to vote, the Electoral College has many flaws. First off, the candidates are focusing on more power and higher tallying states to get them through the election than everyone as a whole. For example, if you were a presidential candidate would you spend more time trying to sway California, with its whopping 55 electoral votes, or Montanna, with a teeny tiny 3 electoral votes? The candidates are not being considerate of ALL the American citizens, but instead the ones that they think will lead them to victory. This is not what the election is all about. The election is more focused on the popular vote of few states with many inhabitants than it is on many states with few citizens.

"Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." (As stated in

"The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong"

). Being that this true, why do we call it the "Presidential Election" instead of the "Electors Election?" Electors claim to be faithful to their candidates but sometimes this is not the case. If a member of the group is unfaithful to their candidate, it could unsettle the whole election, meaning that the United States as a whole would have to pay for the electors actions. This is not how voting was meant to be. Our slogan is "We the People," not "We the Electors."

Now, I know what you're thinking, "Why would we change this system? It is already established and has worked for many years." In order to move forward as a nation we as a whole need to make changes sometimes. Just think what it would be like today if segregation-an established rule and law- was not questioned. Or even if the settlers of the United States had not questioned our former mother country and broke away. We would not even be the establishment we are today if we did not question established rules or traditions. The Electoral College is nothing more than a system that needs to be reevaluated, putting the popularity if the candidate in clearer perspective.

To recap, The Electoral College does not include the popularity of the candidates over official influences. The states are not being counted equally and electors control the electon overall. In order to have a more successful government and a more included population, the Electoral College simply needs to be reevaluated and changed to meet the popularity standards of our country if we are to ever advance.    