The article "Unmaking the Face on Mars" explains how the Face on Mars was not made by aliens but was actually made naturally and is called a mesa. The Face was not made by aliens but does remesble a human head, the Face was also a natural landform, and the Face finally is just a mesa even though people still believe that it was created by aliens.

The Face was not created by aliens it was actually just a rock that was shaped like a human face with a nose eyes and a mouth. A quote from the article that supports my answer of how I know that the Face was not created by aliens and the it was actually just a rock that was shaped like a human face with a nose, eyes and a mouth is "A few days later NASA unveiled the image for all to see. The caption noted a “huge rock formation . . . which resembles a human head . . . formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth.” The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." This quote supports my answer because it explains how NASA said that it was just a rock formation that resembled a human head. Another way of how I know that the Face was not created by aliens but was resembled a human head is it was also a natural landform and not an alien monument after all. A quote from the article that supports my answer of of how I know that the Face was not created by aliens but was resembled a human head is it was also a natural landform and not an alien monument after all is "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing . . . a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." This quote from the article supports my claim of how I know that the Face was not created by aliens but was resembled a human head is it was also a natural landform and not an alien monument after all because it explains how the rock formation was a natural landform after further reasearch was done and revealing to the world that the Face was not an alien monument after all. Finally, not everyone was satisfied so NASA did some more research and on April 8, 2001 they took a great photo of the Face and found that it was indeed a mesa. A quote from the article that supports my asnwer of how the Face was not created by aliens but was just a butte or natural landform is " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa—landforms common around the American West. “It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,” says Garvin. “That’s a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.”" This quote supports my answer by explaining how the Face was not alien made and was just a natural landform.

In conclusion the Face was not alien made but was just a natural landform. The Face was not created by aliens it was actually just a rock that was shaped like a human face with a nose eyes and a mouth. The face was also a mesa, and new high-resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA’s Mars Global Survey spacecraft reveal the Face on Mars for what it really is, a mesa. After reading my essay I want you to think about how the Face was not created by aliens but was actually created naturally. I also want you to think about all of the reasons I have stated eariler in my essay that support my claim of the Face not being created by aliens but naturally.   