Do you want to live in a place where the air is polluted? Somewhere it is hard to breath. The earth would be a cleaner and more effitiant place to live if we limit the everyday usage of cars. Just think about it by limiting the usage of cars you are saving money and making the earth a cleaner place. It's like the old saying goes "kill two birds with one stone.

Who doesnt like having some extra money in there pockets to spend? I know I definetly do. By limiting the usage of cars people will no longer have to pay a car payment. Or even better have to pay these outrageous gas prices. "In previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have bt law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport." If we limit the usage of cars there wont be any reason to build new highways and the money can go to more important things.

Wouldnt you like to wake up in the morning, walk out side and get a wiff of fresh clean air? Limiting car usage will also cut the amount of green house gas emissions. "Passenger cars are resposible for 12 percent of green house gas emmotions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the united states." Cars are major contribution to the pollution we have in the air today. Having cleaner air makes the earth an all around better place. The people will be happier and the grass will be greener. "Last week paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in london." I dont know of any person on this earth that wants to breath in particulate matter on a daily bassis. "Its a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution," said business man Carlos Arturo. This man is in his right mind. Polution is a major stressor for everyone. Thats why I say by limiting car usage it will make people happier. People act like riding a bike is a bad thing. Its always good to get some exercise and be healthy.

If we aren't using cars thers no reason to have highways. And if we dont have highways then citys will be smaller."But its basic prcepts are being adopted around the world in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation, with less space for parking. In this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in mall along some distant highway." Where i grew up everything was close. There were resturants less than a mile away. The mall was a 5minute bike ride. And school was only 10 minutes away. Everythig was convienent. I didnt have to get in the car and hope that it started it up. There was no waiting in traffic. All I had to do was hop on my bike and ride off.

If we stay at the rate we are going now the earth is going to turn in to a place that no one wants to live. So if we limit the usage of cars the earth will be a overall better place to live. If we dont drive there is less polution. If we dont have cars we dont need highways and the our citys will be more compact. And no cars means more money in our pockets. If that doesnt sound like a perfect place to live then I dont want to know what your idea of perfect is.                                        