Advanced technology, has led to differences in school education. Smartboards, tablets, and laptops are all extra technology to help with students ability to learn in the classroom. Currently there has been an idea that some families may argue that is better for there child, which is at home learning. Learning that takes place at home via; videos, video chat, online class pages, and home school teachers. Students can benefit from homeschooling because it has a positive effect on there mindset and the maturity of that student. Families and students should be able to speak up about better means of education for that child.

Some children may have to overcome disabilities and or face those disabilities for the rest of their life. Those situations alone help that child in the long run. Going through what these students go through helps with positive mindset, but so does being home schooled. There are cases where students with disabilities bodies act different then the regular students at the school. For example; Amps, is a physical disorder that comes from the mind. Children that have Amps tend to lose control of parts of their body and just shake, but that also comes from the mind losing total control of those parts. It's unsafe to attend any school under this condition. Therefore; the importance of an education for these students is imperative. Homeschooling a child helps there self confidence and understanding that having a disability doesn't make them any less of a student then the others that physically go to school. Maturity comes from the mind; so by understanding the process of home school education students are better off, then most students that attend school. Getting well to attend school is the ultimate goal for children with Amps and other disabilities and being home schooled allows them to mentally see a future for themselves, in an education and health wise. These students with disabilities need a push and distance learning is all they need.

More then often, there are behavioral distractions in classroom by a handful of students. In that handful there are one or two that physically can't function accordingly in a setting with their peers. Students with that issue shouldn't only be handled or punished, they need to be in a setting where they can benefit and others can as well. Homeschooling takes away the problem for distraction and allows for maturity and growth within the mental state of a child. A student; constantly getting out of their seat, yelling out answers, and never doing classwork alone, can't only mean that the child has a disorder. Looking further into the child there may be situations where discipline isn't used at home and the child comes to school with no clue what's right or wrong in a public setting. Most of the time you can't blame that on a child, but the only thing families of those students and educators can do is make a plan such as, distance learning to help with both education and behavioral issues. One on one student and teacher education with classmates or desks can only benefit the child mentally. Understanding that the only person capable of their learning now is that child. They will show remarkable progress in the long run. Thinking, understanding, learning, and growing all components of positive and matured minds.

Hearing that the purpose for some parents enrolling their child into an athletic program, is to keep them out of trouble and for disciplinary issues can be very beneficial for the child. What happens when your child happens to become a well developed athlete at the sport, while in school? Most households could and would say that education is the main focus. Training Olympic athletes; such as gymnasts, which happen to be a very popular sport have demanding schedules. Their schedules require gymnastics to train at least five to eight hours everyday. What time do they have to attend school? Well these training athletes are home schooled which allows these student athletes to create a routine and schedule that works for them. Managing your time and efforts between both is a clear sign of responsibility and maturity, that can go a long distance in the real world with real jobs. Understanding the way of life now while in school and at a young age, helps for years to come. The earlier you learn the easier your life will be in the long run. Watching Gabby Douglas' movie about her life growing up training for the Olympics opened up a clearer visual. Homeschooling wasn't the first option for her because she came from a low income family. The way she understood what she needed to do to accomplish her goal, was how she allowed herself to make a way for homeschooling to work along with her career. Distance learning taught her self accountability and maturity her whole life.

Years ago education used to be different. Students had two choices they either went to school and got their education or they didn't. The ideas of these students actively receiving their education at home is brilliant in most ways. There are people that would differ about the benefits of distance learning, like how can aren't learning to work with others and how isolating a child to only learn at home mean they're going to follow through with there work. Complete and respectable thoughts, but learning at home for students with certain circumstances still is as beneficial and or more beneficial, then physically going into a school. Maturity counts for a substantial amount of success,also a plus positive minds comes with it. Accomplishing both those things; for students being taught at home goes to show that being at home and being at a school house aren't the same, but aren't totally different and that being at home while receiving your education is indeed more beneficial.        