The author did a very good job presenting his point of why we should be trying to study Venus. He gave valid points and tried to captivate the reader with interesting facts like " Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. As a reader, things like that get my brain turing and I really start to think about it. I start to ask myself questions like 'If Venus was once like Earth, what happend to this planet to make it so inhospitable now?' and 'If we've never been able to get any kind of sample from Venus, what could be on that planet?'. When an author gets a reader to think more deeply about the essay, it means he's doing a pretty good job about explaning his thoughts and desires.

"Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." can be found in the last paragraph of the essay. In this statement the author is saying that this isn't just about studing Venus. He's saying that it would be very interesting to actually see what's happening on Venus or even what Venus has come to now, but that if we, as humans, keep problem solving and coming up with new, successful ideas it could very well help us in the future with other things that we are trying to get a better understanding of. The problems of Venus that are holding us back are as follows; the atmosphere is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide, the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid, the planet's surface averages around 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atomosheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on Earth. The author is saying that getting past those obstacles would be evolutionary for humans.

Overall the author did a very good job getting his point across and giving reasons to back up his statements. Not only did the author give an excellent argument on why we shoundn't give up on Venus, he aslo brought up the idea that if we solve these problems, we ourselves will be able to evolve and solve other harder and more complex problems. Which could lead to better future. 