Most may argue that one of the most important influences in a student's life is the role of a teacher. Teachers educate students on a daily basis how to be a porsperous individual and a good human being in life. Students often tend to utilize teachers as a support system in times of distress as a result of unhappiness and conflict in ones home. These educators are assigned with the imparative task of educating the next generation and future posterity on how to be the best of themselves to their ability. Teachers and students spend nine months out of the twleve months every year educating them on core and creative subjects such as art, science, music, and etc. The other three months belong to students being on break with no supervison or productivity in education. So during these three long months students are issued a summer project to keep them productive. Although some may argue that a teacher issued summer assingment limits the students ability to expand ones creativity, a teacher issued summer project is a more effective way to keep students productive as a result of students being irresponsible, oppertunity to seek help amongst classmates, and teachers having the best interest of a students education.

During summer break students have the tendency to be and make irresponsible decisions as a result of not having adult supervision. Students take summer break as a time for vacation, video games, spending time with peers, and other lesiure time. If students were given the oppertunity to design their summer project and spend time working on it rather than playing video games or going shopping at the mall; most students would take advantage of the situtation and not complete the assignment at all or put little to no effort into it. Since the majority of students want to be enjoying their summer vacation doing their favorite leisure activites before school starts in septemberthe majority of students will decide not to complete their assignment. For example, Generic_Name who is a high school student at Generic_School would rather play video games all day than stress himself on completing a project that he has to design himself without knoweledge of the teacher's grading rubric or set of directions to follow. Students cannot not be trusted with the task of completing a student designed project during summer break with all of the tempting distractions that surround them. Even though students could take advantage of the oppertunity by taking initiative on task assigned to them, allowing a teacher to issue the project would strike urgency and clarification for a student to complete this task. As a result of having a teacher issued project students can seek help amongst peers.

Peers and classmates can assits other students on the project if help is needed. Due to students having teacher designed projects, students may ask for assitance from fellow classmates for justification or clarity on ones liablities. For example, Generic_Name a high school student at Generic_School is having trouble with understanding the grading rubric; one of Generic_Name classmates named Generic_Name helps her by explaining the rubric thuroughly to her. Because students and other classsmates were issued the same project, they are now given the oppertunity to ask for help from classmates in order to increase their knowledge project score. Although critics may argue that individuality can be benefical to ones work ethic, working with others can broaden ones perspective seems to outweighs those critics. A project designed by teachers is suited to help a student perform at the best of his or her abillity.

Teachers have the best interest in what students need in order to suceed. As an influence in student lives, teachers and professors give students loads of work and tasks to challenge a student mentally in order to enchance ones ability to think critcally. If teachers do not challenge students, then students will become complacent with their detriorating work ethic and obtain a minimum level of critical thinking. This will result to students conforming with the unchallenging tasks and lead to failing grades. For example, Mrs. Generic_Name a teacher at Generic_School giving her students answers to the quiz before handing out the exam does not challenge students to critically think when taking Mrs. Generic_Name exam leading to the students recieveing failing grades as they progress to more complex levels of education such as IT, computer systems, and etc. These educators are assigning students these task in order to set them up for sucess in the future by challenging them now so the more complex assignments in the future becomes easier to them. Some may argue that teachers give an excessive amount of uncessary workload; however, the intention of challenging to stundents to be capable of critically thinking is seems to overpower the argument.

Most may argue that a teacher designed summer project is more benefical to keep students productive because the incapablity of students staying focus , assitance amongst peers, and in favor of students benefiting from completing task. Students cannot not be trusted completing task that interfere with them doing leisure activites as a result of many distractions. Working with others can expand ones knowledge to many perspectives and provide a social interaction with others which, enhances ones ability in teamwork. Teachers encourage challenging student because it allows students to think quickly and efficently eventually acting as a benefit to ones strengths. Teachers educate future generations to come so their role in each indivdual students lives are meaningful. As a result of a teachers great influence over a student these connections should be valued.