Seeking for multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because some people have bias opinions on different topics, some people aren't educated on certain topics and others are, and you can learn and understand more about both sides opinions, and why exactly they feel that way.

People have bias opinions on certain topics for many different reasons. Being bias means that you feel strongly about one side of something. For example, Republicans and Democrats, most people that are very into politics are normally bias about the side that they are supporting. Some reasons why people are bias is because of the way they were raised or maybe the reason is where they were born. Whatever the reason is, people can be very bias.

Some people aren't very educated on certain topics depending on if they actually care or pay attention to the topic. For example, some people really get into politics, pay a lot of attention to it, stay updated, and talk about it a lot. On the other hand some people don't really get into it very much and don't pay to much attention to it. It really all just depends on how the person truly feels about it, and how important the person thinks it is.

Asking for other peoples opinions about a certain topic is a good way to get to know more about both sides, and learn how and why they feel about certain things. Some people might feel one way about something, and another person feels the exact opposite then how the other person feels. In that case, you get to hear and learn about how both sides feel, and why they exactly they feel that away about the topic. It's good to hear both sides because your opinion might completely change, or maybe you'll begin to start having a more neutral opinion about the topic.

In conclusion, seeking for multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because some people have bias opinions on certain topics, some people aren't educated on certain topics and some people are, and finally you can learn and understand more about both sides opinions, and why they exactly feel that way.