When people ask for advice, they sometimes ask more than one person. The reason being that some people look for more opinions on the matter and to see if the advice are connected to each other. The more other people give the same exact advice as the other means that you should most certainly follow the common advice that is giving to that person. People don't want to follow the same opinion's from the same person because people will need to let other people see what they think on it so it would be so biased. It is always good to talk to a councilor because they have many years of experience and its their job to give advice. Seeking multiple opinions is always the best choice. The advice that they give you will sometimes be worth something in the future. Sometimes people can use advice even when they don't need it, getting advice will make you better at understanding and other normal life things such as testing, work or job and subjects at school or university.

With many years of advice at your hand you will be wise and intelligent, you will know what people are going through. Also, with advice from other people you can master at certain skills and achieve your dreams. There are many forms of advice you could use or really need. Try to get as many advice from wise people with experience like older people who have been what you're going through; it's a good idea to follow what they say because it can help you. But beware, some people can give false advice that will make the situation worse or not give you advice at all take caution of these people because it can impact your life and future or relationship, it could be they don't care or that they just dont like talking about it.

Talk with the people you can trust, not random strangers because false advice will be destroy you even more. If you are a teenager you should go to your parents and speak to them directly because they have more experience than you they have been trough more than you asking your friends will make thing worse than they already are; ask your parents and if they dont have an answer you can ask a councilor at a school they will be very happy to help you with your situation.

If your having a serious personal problem, the best idea would be to consult with a therapist they are experts and are very smart. They will help you with life problems and the best part is that you can trust them with anything that why they are there for. The perfect way of dealing with loss is to get advice from different people they have to be people you trust and known for years. Have a good mental mindset to get ready to accept advice from different people. It also very important to get advice from other people because you can benefit from it, getting the right help you need can always prevent actions from happening. If you need help to deal with drugs and alcohol go to a local rehab center there will be professionals to help you deal with advice and what to do to lose the addiction. Getting help is always the right idea. in cunclusion, getting help or advice can always help you with the things you are going to deal with right now or in the future just remember to get help from people you trust and not strangers.