Dear principal,

I think its not fair to students that don't want to do community service should be forced too. It should be a choice not something we have to do. Some students like helping out and being kind others do not want to waste their time helping or be responsible that is on them not on you. It would be different if the students were making a mess and trashing the school on purpose then they should do community service but some kids are busy or do not have the time to help out. Some kids do it because they have nothing better to do. I'm pretty sure that you wouldn't like to be forced to do something you really don't want to do. please just think about it. For the kids that do community service should get a little something from you or the school it doesn't have to be anything expensive just a thanks or a pencil or something to show the you appreciate their kindness. You can ask students to help out with things or show others how to do something. You will have more students help out if they are asked but if they are forced most wouldn't bother doing it. Ask any student for help no matter if they say yes or no it doesn't hurt to ask someone for their help.

Or you can put papers on the schools boards about things that are needed to be helped with. Put it places where students can see it. Its easier that way if you are very busy to ask students around the school just put the papers up and wait for students to show up to your office ether asking where to go or they just might find out by themselves and do what they were asked to do. Who knows if the trouble makers might want to help out and do good. I don't recommend you to make this official yet ask other students what do they think about this and ask if it would be better to have it by choice. Have some teachers ask students in the start of class or the end. You will see when a teacher asks a student for help the student helps them but if the student is being yelled at or forced to the student will fight back, with words, and argue with the staff.