If I'm making a really important decision I like to ask a wide variety of people what they think. Most of the time it consist of a close friend, an adult, and maybe my younger sibling. Normally, I already have a decision I'm leaning toward, but I like to find what others think in case I'm missing something. They might be thinking of something I haven't thought of yet or an option that wasn't apparent to me. I think seeking opinions from multiple different people can be very beneficial because it gives you a different point of view, helps you get opinions from people with more life experience, and helps you come to a more well rounded decision.

When you ask for the opinions of others it can help you understand different points of view in your situation. Not just where you're coming from, but how others involved in the situation might see things. That can be extremely helpful to make sure your not hurting anyone or looking over a vital piece by making your decision. Also, other people have different thought processes, so they might think of an option that you haven't yet. This gives you an entirely different way of thinking about things. Talking to different people adds sparks of creativity to your decision, and opens your mind to understand that things might not have to be black and white.

Talking to all these different people gives you an opportunity to talk to people of different age groups who have more life experience then you. Asking people younger than you helps you because they have a open and free flowing mind. They might give you the simplest answer that never crossed your mind. Talking to your peers about things is also helpful. They understand how your peers react with one another, so he/she can help you get a prospective close to something another peer would say. Reaching out to your elders I find to be the most important. They have a lot more life experience then you, and there is a possibility that they have gone through something similar. They can give a lot of important advice just from their past experiences and things they have done growing up. Plus, sense what happened is in the past they already know the outcome of their decision, so they can share it with you to pass on what they either did right or wrong. This way either kind of advice in beneficial, if they found they did something wrong you know to stay away from that option, and if they found they did something right you know to consider it.

All of these different types of advice and thought processes really help to make a well rounded and thought out decision. Once you have talked to many different types of people and received their opinions you can weigh out your options. Pooling together all the angles of the situation to find out what you have to do, and to make a decision that is best for yourself. I think that even though sometimes having everyone give you advice can be other whelming, it really helps you to look at your situation in different ways and find all of your options. All of these things are really helpful to come to a decision you feel strong about and you know is right.

In conclusion, I believe taking into account multiple opinions is very important. If you ask different people you'll end up getting all different views on the topic, which you might not have thought of. Also, by asking others, it gives you an opportunity to get opinions from people that have more life experience then you, and people that might have gone through the same thing your going through. Lastly, all their input along with your personal preferences can help you form a well rounded and though out decision. I think seeking opinions from others is vital to having an open mind and seeing all the possibilities.  