"Hey Mom, I need advice on how to get a job," said Generic_Name. "Well Generic_Name, I would go online or read the paper for jobs and maybe you will find one you like," Her mom replied. "Yeah, I'm going to ask dad for a second opinion because two is better than one," Generic_Name said. "Alright you go do that," Said Generic_Name's mom. So, why is more advise better? Getting advise from more than one person is good because you get a better understanding, more experience, and you can make better choices.

Getting a better understanding of what your doing is great because you don't worry. Say your worrying about a test and you go to only your teacher about it and she says "well just study"and then you get a bad grade, but next time you go to three different teachers and they all give different advise and then you pass. If you go to more than one person you get how they would handle the situation and so now you have exspernce in it. If you don't know what you are getting yourself into than how are you going to be successful. You have a higher chance of being successful of you ask for advise than of you don't. Asking for advise may be hard but it is very much so worth it because you know how to handle that situation when you are in it.

That person might have more experience than you so when you ask them they will know how to over come that situation. Learning about what someone else went through makes you more likely to not go through what they went through. Old people have been through the most so if you need advise you will get a better answer from them. At some point in your life you will need advise whether it be for teaching or how to get out of a bad spot so just ask someone most people are willing to help. If you ask someone it doesn't make you a wuss it makes you smart for knowing how to ask for help when needed.

When you ask someone for help you are less likely to make a dumb disision. If you don't know how to go through something you have a better chance of going through worse things. Better choices equals a better life and no one want a bad life. Mistakes are made but that is how we as humans learn and if someone else made the mistake before us and tell you you won't make the same mistake as they did. Say no one makes a mistake in this world would we really know how to live and how to handle situations? Knowing your mistake and helping others who are going trough the same mistake that you went through is so rewarding and helpful.

Getting advise from more than one person is good because you get a better understanding, more experience, and you can make better choices. When you don't know how to do something you worry and no one likes to worry about anything and getting advise gets rid of worry. If you haven't gone through that situation and someone else has there advise will help you not go through what they went through. Not knowing what your getting yourself into is scary and no one likes to be scared about something they shouldn't be scared about. So next time you need advise with something don't hesitate because you never know what the future may hold for you. 