In today's world, attending school can be a frustrating, mind-altering, and even distracting experience. There are a variety of factors in schools that can alter a students learning environment and cause them to lose focus. In large environments such as public schools, it is hard to stay on task with distractions at every corner. By making classes available from home, students are able to receive their learning in a non stressful way and get the education they deserve no matter the circumstance.

If students were allowed to attend classes from home, it would be very beneficial. Learning through technology would allow absent students and teachers to keep up with their work and even get ahead for absences in the future. For example, it is likely that most students will have occasional sick days during the school year. More often than not, kids are stuck between going to school feeling miserable, or staying home while missing new curriculum. This puts everyone in a bad position. However, it can be easily prevented by learning through hand held devices and communicating via technology.

In schools, many students can have a difficult time learning in busy environments. On top of that, those with learning disabilities can experience an even harder time, having affects on their grades and progress reports. Having a way to receive a less stressful education just might be the key to solving problems faced by less focused students and those faced with challenges. For instance, if someone is not able to complete their work due to distractions or factors in their environment, they should be able to have the opportunity to finish it outside of school and with the help of a teacher one-on-one through the use of technology.

Although it makes sense that some people might want to lean away from the combination of technology and learning, we are far too advanced not to use it. Advancements in technology would significantly help students who want a more personalized learning experience, and prefer to do their work in a quieter area.

In conclusion, the use of technology and online help would be very beneficial to students and their ability to learn. Factors such as planned and unplanned absences, learning challenges, and even lack of sleep can all contribute to difficulties in school. Being able to attend school from home would be a very good alternative to students struggling in school and allow them more chances to succeed.