Driverless cars sound like a really good deal, right? A person doesn't have to drive all the time, they don't have to use up all their money on gas, and they don't have to spend thousands of dollars on a car because the driverless car is a form of public transportation. The development of driverless cars should be a good beginning to the future.

The making of driverless cars isn't for a person to buy it, though it could be possible. The driverless car is a form of public transportation for everyone to use and be a part of. The car is loaded with sensors that will know when and where to be on the side roads, highway, and main roads to get the passenger to their destination in a safe and effeciant manner. Also, in the driverless car, a passenger will have a bit more privacy than on a public bus or in a taxi. The car does have a camera for saftey reasons, but they aren't distracted by lots of other people.

Another useful part of the driverless car is it will use half the fuel to run than public transportation does today. Using less fuel is not only environment friendly, but it saves money. This means the driverless car doesnt have to stop as often for gas as a normal car would. The "driver" of the car also doesn't have to drive all the time. Although, the driver does have to be alert the entire time just to be sure that there arent any difficulties. The driverless care will notify the driver if there is a difficulty like "pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues."

The driverless car is not perfect, though. If there is a wreck in a driverless car, whose fault is it? Would it be the driver or the car? Do you have to switch to a different driverless car if you want to go a certain distance? These questions are still awaiting to be answered. An accident in a driverless car can be from the driver missing an alert or the car malfuntioning and not alerting the driver at the correct time. There could be different types of driverless cars, like a certain type for the highway and one for in a city. These questions are not yet answered in certainty but will be soon.

Although the driverless car can have son setbacks, it is still a postive impact for the future of the world and the way we will live. The driverless car is the start of a new world. They are in the near future for us and could help virtually everyone who is a part of it.