Have you ever sat in a car driving and your phone keeps ringing and want to answer but can't? Wait there a lot of people that go through this daily. There are at least 21% of people in fatal accidents and there is a 35% of people do it anyways even tho its a law. There are 95% of people that actually know its a law yet, there so many people who still do it. this is happening all around the united states. People shouldn't drive with their phone in there hand because it distracts them from keeping their eyes on the road.

A lot of people does not approve of the law but it does need to be one. To many people are addicted to their phones that they feel the urge to reach or grab it. The law was applied on july 1, 2018. A lot of people didn't like the law but a lot accepted the law. The people will support the law that helped them decide. There are over 78% percent of crashes was driving and texting. Each year there are 421,000 people involved in a car crash that involves texting and driving. Thats alot of people in a car crash involving texting and driving. People are in a rush and sometimes forget something while they are driving so they text or call people. But people might have a reason to be on they phones and text.

People who drive should use bluetooth headsets to use to call instead of holding their phones. A lot of people get important messages yet they won't be able to see it.

Sometimes, the message could say something important and tell them not to go or something that had happened. People usually check the phones anyways because people are too attracted to their phones so, they will look at it and grab it. Even though the law is still active people still get on their phones and use it while they are driving.

Since, the law has been active there has been less car accidents involving texting and driving. There is still a lot of improving needed but, they're gonna get the people off their phones little by little.

This is how people are getting less on their phone and more focused on the driving. This is bring the percent of crashing with driving and texting. In conclusion, people are still doing it alot but every year is lowering people who is doing it. So people should use headsets to answer their calls.   