A stop to driverless cars

Over the years technology has changed dramatically in many ways. Cell phones have the ability to shut off smart tv's with a push of a button, computers have the ability to hack humans with special softwares. People have developed many new ideas about technology with the modern world today. Driverless cars are a whole new introduction to technology today. Are people for or against drieverless cars?

Some positive aspects of driverless cars include the following, they can handle up to 25 miles per hour-special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel. They can steer,accelerate, and brake themselves. All of the driverless cars are designed to notify when there is a road that requires human skills, examples would be accidents, construction zones, etc. When a vehical is in danger of backing up into an object, the seat vibrates to get the drivers attention. Driverless cars could also help senior citizens that are not capable to drive themselves places that they need to go.

Some negative aspects of driverless cars include, human drivers staying alert and ready to take over in a situation. Having someone drive for you when you have the ability to drive yourself could cause you to get bored at times. In case you do not feel your seat vibrate it would already be too late to try to control the car yourself. One major negative aspect of driverless cars that me, myself would mostly worry about is car malfunction. Car malfunction happens quite often and what would happen if all of a sudden the car starts going crazy? Drivers, passengers, and pedestrians would not be safe if the car had a malfuntion.

In conclusion, I think driverless cars would not be safe. Although the driverless car does have some positive aspects, most people would want to get in a car where they feel safe in, not a car where they feel something may go wrong in a tough situation. I am totally against driverless cars only because I would not like to be in a car that I do not feel safe in, let alone a car I have to worry about.         