Dear Senator,

The electoral college is a big, serious, huge problem. It's super complicated, I mean, we vote for someone, and someone else gets to vote for the person we originally voted. What sense does that make? What's so wrong with a direct campaign? There are 538 electors. There's space for an even vote. Then we'd have to thrown the decision over to the house of representatives. Then what? Those old fashioned group of people get to decide our future? Please. They're living in the 70's! I don't find it fair to the people.

This election is suppose to be "voted by the people, for the people" not "voted by the people, for the electoral college to decide, and then for there to have a possibility of a tie so they have to let the house of representatives decide" it's ridiculous! Doesn't the sound of "an election for the people, and only the people to decide" sound so much better? If the electoral college wants to vote so bad, then they can go to their local polls themselves and vote like everyone else. Since we have a winner-take-all system in each state candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, they solely focus on swing states.

In 2000, 17 states never saw the candidates, voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't see not one campaign ad. State legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and these electors can always defy the will of the people. This country is built on a democratic ground. This country is meant to be of the free, for the free. The electoral college is an anachronism, because when you vote for a presidential candidate you're actually voting for a slate of electors. I personally don't want to vote for a slate of electors, especially when I vote for the candidate of my choice.

Not to long ago, in 2000, Al Gore had the popular vote, but why didn't he get the presidential placement? Because the electoral college perferred Bush. Now look at the country. It's completely biased, unfair, irrational, and down-right wrong. We're wasting so much time trying to figure out who even gets to be president, voting day is the Tuesday after the first Monday in November (don't even get me started on that one) and we don't even get to figure out who the new president is until January. I'm telling you, the system is corrupt. Do your best to fix this, I know you will, thank you Mr. Senator.    