Boom! Generic_Name kicks the soccer ball as hard as she can towards the goal. The goaly is surprised but quick on her feet as she thrusts herself towards the ball and catches it before it reaches the net. The referee blows the whistle and that is the end of the game. Generic_Name has not only let herself down, but her team as well. Each team shake hands with each other and leave the field. You have an expression on your face that describes disappointment and anger. Our school's principal, Generic_Name then looks at you from the bleachers and calls you over. As you make your way across the field, you keep yourself questioning yourself. What did I do? Am i going to be kicked off the team? Am I not good enough? Generic_Name asks you whether or not you think everybody at school should do at least one activity or sport. Generic_Name disagrees with this statement because students have after school activities they do that include sports, private lessons, and even classes.

Sports are a great way to exercise and distract yourself from school or even things that are stressful. There are different types of sports including football, soccer, baseball, basketball, tennis, etc. Imagine yourself running across the field with a football. The game is about to end and you are tied with the other team 21-21. You are so close to making a touchdown when out of the corner of your eye, you see the other team sprinting toward you. You run faster and sprint across the field and make the touchdown. The score is now 22-21 as the whistle blows the end of the game. Your team picks you up and runs you across the field, yelling and screaming your name, "Generic_Name! Generic_Name!". Generic_Name looks your way and smiles as your still questioning. Did I change his mind? Will students be able to make their own choices of what they want?

Private lessons is another activity that most likely will be after school. There are many lessons people take and most of them are orchestra and band lessons. Orchestra lessons include the violin, viola, cello, and bass. For example, say you play the violin and you signed up for lessons. You feel the light, warm breeze on your arms as you make your way inside. You're then lead to a room where you see all the instruments of the orchestra. The instructor tells you to play a D major scale. As you spend an hour doing scales and playing music, you're time ran out and it is time to go home. You feel the slightest touch against your shoulder and as you turn around. The instructor is holding a music book for you to practice. You then take the book and make your way home.

Classes include usually art or wood making. In the wood making classes, you're given a block of wood and instructions that give you a task you must complete. In art classes, the instructor guides you through the process for your assignment and gives you the materials. After she tells you what your doing, you're then allowed to start on your own to accomplish the assignment. The art materials include paint, crayons, colored pencils, shading tools, chalk, paint brushes, etc. The wood making classes include a block of wood, sandpaper, and machines throughout the class to cut off a piece from the block. Generic_Name loves art and does painting herself with a paintbrush and a holder with different colored paints. Generic_Name also has an easel to hold her artwork, a stool to sit, and a basket with all her colored paints.

Students at school should have a choice on whether they want to do an activity or a sport. People can't make decisions for others but they can make decisions for themselves. Generic_Name shouldn't have students pick school activities over after school activities. Students shouldn't have to choose something for school and have to give up something they enjoy after school for that certain activity or sport. Imagine yourself falling into a deep hole and have to decide over two things to get out. One choice you want but it will affect your life while the other choice wouldn't but you would not enjoy it. How would you feel? What would you choose? I disagree with this statement because many students have after school activities that may include sports, private lessons, and classes that they enjoy and are not ready to give up yet. 