Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students would benefit from taking these classes because they can work at their own pace, they can be in a safer environment, and they have less stress.

Online classes let students work at their own pace. In school, many classes are extremely fast paced. Students do not have time to finish all the work the teacher assigns. With online classes, students are able to work at a much slower pace. This is beneficial to the students because they are not stressed about keeping up with the class. On the other hand, there are some classes that may be too slow for students. These students are restricted by the speed of the class therefore, the online classes would be perfect for them to work at a faster pace. The online classes benefit all students.

Students feel safer at their house, rather than at school. Unfortunately, the threat of school shootings makes schools an even less safer environment. Since taking an online class is from home, this would make the student feel safer and would benefit the students. Also, sicknesses and diseases can spread easily in schools. Students do not want to get sick, they want to learn. This is why online classes would be perfect because then they would not have to risk getting sick at school. They could stay home away from risk of disease and continue the learning process.

So many students become stressed from school. At school, students have to worry about important tests and quizzes, homework, and fitting. On top of that, they worry about things that are out of their control like school shootings, fires, and sicknesses spreading. The online classes would solve all of these problems because the student can stay home and work from there. Since the online classes take away these stresses, it is beneficial for students to take online classes from home.

Some people may think that taking online classes from home is not beneficial to students; However, since online classes allow students to work at their own pace, be in a safer environment, and have less stress, online classes are beneficial to the students in many ways.    