I believe that driveless car are not good at all because we will have nothing to work for. But at the same time there are postitive effects and negative ones as well . Driverless car would make a huge change in our world today. There would be alot less bad things happening if they were driverless. People wouldnt have to go through the trouble to push the gas to make the care go or anything.

The postitive effects of turing to driveless cars are very high. People want this to happen so they are going to try to find all the positive thing about it and let other people know. The cars that Sergey Brin are creating would use half of the fuek that todays taxes and offer more flexibility than a bus. The cars have been driven more than half a million miles without crashing but the thing about that is that google care arent truly driverless. The cars still alret the driver when they are pullin gin and out of driveways or dealing with traffic suchas getting aroung roadwork and accidents.

The good thing right now is the cars are not completely driveless becuase you can steer, accelerate, and brake themseleves, but they are still designed to tell the driver that the road ahead requires them to something like get through work zones and around accidents.

There are many negitive thing to having driveless cars as well such as making sure that the automatic will happen at all times. What if what its suppose to do doesnt work out and then you do something else and you hurt someone or yourself.

The person would have to stay alert at all times just is case it doesnt do what its suppose to do. Even though its a drive less car you still have to keep your hands on the wheel at all times so you could not do anything that you wanted to do. They said that you had to take over when the car gets into situations and i dont think that is fair becuase its suppsose to be all driverless.

Some thing make me think that driveless cars are good but I don't agree at all. I feel like you have to put in just as much work as you do now to dirve the "driveless" car. You shoudn't have to keep your eyes are the road at all times because its suppose to do what it is suppose to do when its happening. The article said that it will cause less wrecks and i disagree becuase if people are doing what the are suppose to be doing you can get in a wreck so easily. I think that we should be able to control it whenever it is needed. If people dont want to us the "driverless" car they should be able to have an opition to turn it off and on.       