The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads one point six million crashes each year. Nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from texting and driving. Texting while driving is something that people have done in the past, they are doing it today, and are still going to do it in the future. No matter how people are injured or have lost their lives to this people are still going to do it. Some of the main reasons that you should not text while driving is because; you can cause serious accidents that way, you are more likely to be blamed for causing the accident and it is illegal to be on the phone in some states.

According to a new study talking on the phone is hugely dangerous even if you are on hands free. There are thousands of people who get into accidents everyday because they were not paying attention to the road. They were to busy looking down at their phones to notice what was going on around them. If you are paying attention to what you are doing you can only injure yourself but you can also injure another person as well.

Most likely if you are texting while driving and end up getting into an accident then you are most likely to get blamed than the other person. There is a high chance of it being your fault because you were not paying attention to the road. Yow will also probably get charged by your insurance company and have to pay more if the other person decides to file a lawsuit against you. Being distracted for even one minute can change a whole lot and make a big difference.

Even though it may not be illegal in Georgia right now, one day it could become illegal for people to drive and talk on the phone. In the state of Missouri people under the age of 21 can not talk and drive at the same time. It is against the law because they are not of age to be trusted to talk and text while driving. They are at a high risk more than anyone else to get into an accident because they are underage teenagers who do not know how to stay off their phone.

Most car accidents are caused by people who think that they can drive and pay attention to the road while also doing something else. The main people who think that they can do that are the main ones that get into the most accidents and get the most tickets. Texting while driving is dangerous for you and for the people around you. That is why sometimes people say you have to drive for the people around you. You never know what someone is doing in there car and whether they are paying attention or not. They also have to do the same for you if you are not paying attention to the road and what you are doing.      