Distant Learning

Alarm goes off at 7. That feeling of ickinees for having to get up so early for school is just morbid. What if that didn't have to be the case? What if you could stay at home all day and still learn the same materials that are needed? There are schools that offer classes online so students can stay at home and still get the same education as those who are in class so early in the morning. The only question is, does one outweight the other in any way? I think it does. Learning at home will never be the same as actually going to school because of social, economical and educational reasons.

School can be a lot more than just educational reasons. This can be a place where you meet your friends that end up being your life long best friend or even someone who you eventually start a life with somewhere along the future. These best friends you make can even be your bridesmaid/groom at the wedding. Yes, it may be a bit of a stretch but it's very likely compared to just sitting at home in front of a laptop all day. Social interaction is something very important to every human being. Starting from an early age opens up a whole lot of oppertunities. For example, there are going to be jobs where all you do is interact with costomers and if you are not strong in that mindset, there is a good chance that things will only be going downhill from there. At home, there is almost no source of interaction with people unless it's people that you are already familliar with, whether it mom, dad, siblings, or even the dog. These people who suddenly go out into the world to look for jobs or even go to college is gonna have a hard time socializng with other people becuase they aren't used to it. Another big thing is that, at school there are plenty more oppertunities to join clubs and get into more volunteer activities that will help with college admssion or even day to day life.

The popular saying "every penny counts" is overused but more that half of those people that say it dont take it into action. When going shopping, and you see an item on sale that you saw at another store for a full price, there is a good chance that you will get the one on sale. This scenario is pretty simmilar. Most homeschooling and online courses come with some kind of a payment plan. Why pay when the government is giving out free education? It may not seem like much at the moment, but somewhere along the way, you are going to have to pay for college or a new house. That money spent on unnessecary online education coud've helped get you out of debt. Going to school may even up your chances of not even paying for college at all. This can be possible through scholarships. For example, almost all schools offer different types of sports. If I were to join basketball and end up playing very well throughot all of high school there is a good chance that i could get a full ride scholarship to a great school. Again, you can still join that same sport outside of school but there is a good chance that they will make you pay for it rather than it being completly free like playing for the school. There are so many benifits that schools offer that won't make your pockets hurt.

Learning at school in the front of the class sitting on a desk is never the same than learning on a couch. For example, if you are at home and don't understand a specific material, you can search it up but it wouldn't be as efficient as having the teacher who is teaching that exact material have them exlain it in way you are conmftrable with. A good relationship with the teacher goes a long way. Everyday, they have the chance to learn something about you and with that knowlage they are able to know what your strength and weaknesses are. With that, they can help you improve in areas that they see needs some assistance and it can influence you not only become a better person but also have an impact on academic achievments as well. If my teacher saw that I was struggling with time managment and they gave me tips and lessons on how I can improve my time managment skills, it would help me get things done on time and also limit the amout of stress I had, which can lead to great success.

There are a lot of people in school that wish that they could have that chance to stay home and learn there. I was actually one of those people too. I hated having to wake up at the break of dawn to drag myself over to a place where we sit in a chair and get lectured for 6 hours straight. The idea of staying in my comfy bed eating my apple slices seemed like heaven. That was until I realized what I would be missing out on. Meeting my friends, my awesome teachers, and joining cool and interesting clubs. The things like having to wake up early didnt really bother me because I tell myself that it's something that I will need to get used to in the future for college and jobs anyways. Of course, like anything else on the universe, there will be some bad days but it's important to remember that taking that step to walk out the door for school, is being a step ahead to success. 