There is no "face" on the planet Mars in the Cydonia region. I feel that it is people's imagination coming to life in strong arguments. Although it isn't a face, people are still making a big controversy over the Face on Mars.

First of all, in 1976, when the picture was taken, technology wasn't the best, so it could have been some lack of better technology that could've made it look like a face. In paragraph 10, the author states, "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." Also, in paragraph 11, the author says, "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" These two quotes state that the improvement of technology has proved that this isn't any Martian-made object.

Secondly, the 2001 camera's high resolution allowed a closer and more evidential look. Again, in paragraph 10, the author states, "Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." This quotation's second reason proves that the camera could zoom in closer and get evidence to support that the formation is not a face.

Lastly, the formation is just a natural landform called a "mesa." The author says, "Scientist figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." In comparison, paragraph 12 claims, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa---landforms common around the American West. 'It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,' says Garvin. 'That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars.'" Both of these quotes tell us that scientific research proves that the Face on Mars is fake, and that it is actually a mesa.

The Face on Mars in the region of Cydonia is actually a mesa. I feel that the Face on Mars is causing too much of a controversy. I hope that as technology improves, we can get better views on the landform to get better evidence that it is a Mesa and not a Martian-made face.