Some schools require students to complete summer projects to make sure students review and learn over their summer break. Most of these assignments are teacher-designed, making students complete a project based off the teachers guidelines. Although this can assure teachers that students are learning over the break, it can also add on to the stress of completing a teacher designed assignment, making ideas limited. I think summer assignments should be student-designed because it lets students think and be creative, makes the learning process less stressful, and teachers can see all the different project ideas students can come up with.

Summer assignments would be better off student-designed because of the limitless amount of creativity that the students can use during the process. Students would be able to use every creative idea they can think of when it's student designed, opposed to when it's teacher designed. Teacher-designed projects always have a limit as to how creative a student can be based off their ideas. It limits the amount of creativity by making the same guidelines for every student. If students can create their own project with their own guidelines, they won't have a limit of materials of ideas they can use. Doing this, students can each come up with a new idea that makes the learning process more enjoyable and creative, making the work seem less like a stressful project.

Having students create their own student-designed project will also help students have less amount of stress during their break. Seeing that most summer projects are teacher-designed, it makes the students dread doing their summer work and procrastinate doing the work until the last minute. A way to prevent this is to let students decide what project they want to do, as long as it's creative and helped them learn something over the summer. Doing this can help students think of ideas quickly, which will make the process of starting and finishing the project at a quicker pace. This will prevent less stress and procrastination for students because there are no specific guidelines that are the same for every student, as long as there is a specific due date for the project.

A student-designed project can also let teachers see the different project ideas that their students came up with over the summer. As mentioned before, giving every student the same teacher-designed project can limit the amount of ideas and projects students can come up with. This also effects the amount of different ideas students can give out. Since teacher-designed projects are assigned to every student, a lot of students would have the same projects or ideas and designs, because they were given the same specific teacher-designed guidelines. This can also be prevented if students designed their own project and made their own guidelines that let them use their ideas without a limit. Teachers would able to see what their students learned, with a variety of ideas, and not see the same project from every other student.

Although teacher-designed projects are more organized and favored by teachers themselves, students would be able to be more successful and have a more enjoyable time with their own designed project. This can lead to a variety of creative ideas, less stress over the summer, and let teachers see and grade new creative ideas, as stated above. As long as students keep the due date and base it off something knowledgeable they learned over the summer, I believe students would be more successful with their own designed summer projects. 