Using a Phone While Driving

In the United States the number one leading cause of car accidents are caused by distracted drivers who are on their cell phones. Texting while driving has caused over 3,000 teen traffic fatalities a year. When driving it is very easy to get distracted by devices such as phones, even those who think they are more experienced get into car accidents because of texting while driving.

Society nowadays is more dependent on their devices due to the inconvenience of not knowing what is going on in their daily life. Not to mention the development of technology has been implemented on the teens of the 21st century, causing more people to find social connections through devices rather than interactions. The concern has become a negative impact to the point people are placing a person's well being, in the same comparison to one of a broken phone. The effect a device has is also impacting the mental well being of the youth, in a recent study found between the years of 2010-2015 the suicide rate on females rose to 65% while the depression rate rose by 58%. This addiction to phones has also been carried out into areas such as in cars.

According to the National Safety Council, 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers talking on the phone, and at least 341,000 involved text messaging. The concern about using phones while driving impacts the lives of not only themselves but also puts the lives of others at risk. Cars have become more developed over the ages to cater the needs of those who need to call by installing a bluetooth, so drivers will not open and check their phone while driving. In the past driving was in the concern of "keeping your eye on the road" but as time went by so did the sensibility of driving.

Phones have now become a priority even when on the road and the lack of common sense is lacking more and more over time.

Whatever reason, people have become more adapted to checking their phones while driving, thinking that 3 seconds of simply "checking" ,wouldn't change anything. The awareness of people driving and texting or using their phones is not impacting enough to the public. Teens are learning these bad habits and becoming accustomed to do such actions without thinking of the consequences. Thinking of how society is progressing, situations like teen accidents will not change unless the awareness of it is made more serious. In some states' they are taking the first actions to prevent accidents by adding in laws that prohibit phones to be in a driver's hand. There is nothing more serious than being able to impact someone's life by taking a brief moment to check your phone while on being in the driver seat.

In conclusion, driving is a serious matter that should be taken seriously and not as a joke. There is no greater good than taking the moment to concentrate on what is in front of you rather than what is next to you. Take caution in driving and keep both hands on the wheel to prevent anymore suffering and any harmful casualties from devices.

"Cell Phones." Teen Driver Source, www. teendriversource. org/teen-crash-risks-prevention/distracted-driving/cell-phones.

"11 Facts about Teen Driving." DoSomething. org, www. dosomething. org/us/facts/11-facts-about-teen-driving.

1            