The final bell rings as students come flying out the school doors pushing and shoving each other to be the first one on their bus, school is out and the halls are left empty, just when people start to relax at home they remember about the summer project that has to be finished by the time school is back in session. school projects can be a pain, but they do serve a purpose. Teachers require students to complete this summer project to assure they dont loose the knowledge they learned throughout the year and to also assure they continue to learn throughout their break. Summer projects should be student-designed because it gives the student freedom, shows the knowledge of the student, and lets the project vary from student to student.

Summer projects can give students the freedom to do whatever they see fit and show how they can be creative. Students like to have freedom and will put more effort into something where they can choose what to do rather than have the same project assigned to everyone where creativeness is not a product. Students have to complete the work assigned to them in school which is already lacking creativity, teachers should give the students freedom in this summer project and have the student leave the school with a positive outlook. Every day student complain about the lack of freedom school already has, leaving them to be tempted by the things they cannot have.

Schools want to know that the students are keeping their minds fresh with knowledge and over the summer they give them a project to be completed by the time they come back. Having these projects be student-designed can not only be creative but also show what the student knows and remembers. Students can present what they know and how much they continued to learn by the projects they choose to do. The summer projects can also tell a teacher what topic they need to work more on with the students, and is very helpful in doing so.

Students can choose what they want to show and how they want to show it, whether if it is an essay, interview, or a project that have to build, with the ideas being limitless one students project cannot be the same as another, with each project having a unique difference. students can fallow their own rules and go the places their mind takes them. With the projects being different and varying,coming in all shapes and forms, the student can choose what they want to do and what they are be able to do. With the projects being different it can be easier to tell if a student copied another students work, where as if all the projects were kept the same it can not be easy to tell if someone copied another work.

Some teacher may argue and say that a teacher-designed project may be better, but a student-designed project can outbalance the good in a teacher-designed project. Rather that telling us what we need to Know students should be able to show just how much they actually know, some student can look up the information then forget about it because it is something that they are being graded for and have to include it in the project to get the best grade they can achieve. This also helps prepare the student for next year by showing them what they need to work more on and better themselves so the can enter the next year without any problems.

In conclusion schools and teachers should let students design their own summer projects because it gives more freedom to the student, gives teachers a sense of the students knowledge, and gives the project variation. The final bell rings as all the students are let out, but one thing remains hanging over their shoulders, a summer project.    