I feel that this could be very usefull in the class room. It could help teaches see what the students are thinking via their emotions they might not think are showing, but their facial mucles are. You could read a whole crowd of people if you where in a lecture teaching about the complex system of the worlds goverments which I am sure every one loves (not) you could see this and change your approach. It would greatly help teachers all around the world I feel if they could get their hands on this technology.

Now imagine if you are teaching a class and all your students where not paying any attintion to the way you are teaching. You could change that if only you knew this complex system of facial mucles better to tell if what they where feeling about your teaching. Then you could change your teaching style in a way that they prefered to learn so they are not so board. Now there is a computer system that can read emotions by looking at what facial mucles are being used. This would help you reach your students better. "In fact, we humans preform this same impressive "calculation" every day." said Nick D'Alto. He even goes on later to say " Yet Dr. Hyang observes that artist such as da Vinci studied human anatomu to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emtions. His new computer software stores similar anatomicl information as electronic code." This shows how largly it would help us keep in connection with eachother if we knew what they felt about a certian subject becasuse we are only human and can only handle so much.

Yet this is sadly still not at the point where every if any teachers can have this beacuse "your home PC can't handle the complex algorithims" said Dr. Huang. So it wil be a while untill we each have powerfull enough softwhere to use it or they can simplify it down to be downloaded on a regualr PC which most Americans own. We can however look forward to the day that this kind of tecnology is avalable to the masses to use to further society and possibly save trroubled lives and reach all students. This is why this could be usefull to help teachers teach better to further our society and make sure that every one has the information our teachers work so hard for to get our students to grasp. This is why we need this.                    