The Face showing on Mars has been proved to be a natural landform. The Face is a landform because landforms are very common in Cydonia, the only reason the landform looked like a face was because of the shadows visible from the camera, and there was no other evidence found around the face. Also all research for the Face was done by authorized NASA scientists, and the research was believed to be done very carefully.

In Cydonia it is common to have natural landforms, so the Face was easy to be spotted as one. And as the cameras took pictures from different angles, the scientists could see it wasn't anything that spectacular. What made the Face so intresting and made people have false accusations was what made the Face an actual "face".

The reason that this lanform resembled a face was because of the shadows. There was shadows on the landform that resembled a head, eyes, a nose, and a mouth. Scientists even stated that the Face "looked like an Egyptian Pharoah".

Even if the Face was found to look like something that was a living thing does not have an effect on the research that had been completed on this landform.

To make this statement that the Face is in fact a landform is the amounts of research done by NASA scientists. From snapping numerous pictures to keep resuming to study the Face, NASA has had many ways to prove their point. And after placing the first image on a JPL website, it was settled for most people- the once known as "Face" was a natural landform. It was no sign of Aliens or an Alien monument anywhere to be seen on Mars.

And the last statement to be concluded about this discussion is that there was nothing else found near the Face to thinking there is any living activity on Mars. NASA has also concluded from the pictures that there had been no objects in the picture like "airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks..." So there had been no activity to prove to be nothing more from just a landform.

In the picture of the Face, it was also evidenced to resemble a mesa or a butte, another kind of natural landform. These kinds of natural landforms were even almost the same height as the Face on Mars. And all of this evidence proved that what used to be thought of as a real face is now catagorized as a natural landform with some shadows that gives it unique look.       