When I was a little girl my mom always used to say this quote "

Never trust just one person

". I never could really understand the meaning behind this quote, till a event in my life changed everything. Were I ended up getting hurt because of the advice one person gave to me. This quote means even if you trust one person with everything always ask for a second opinion. When one is trying to get good advice ask more then one person your able to see all the outcomes, find what works best for you, and sometime people just tell you thing to benefit them self.

When a person has a problem it is good to know all of the out comes as a result of what will happen. Consulting in more them one person your able to get different ways to fix the situation. Sure you may think you only need one person to help you get through everything but what happens if there opinion gets you in a lot of trouble. What is one going to do from there if you dont ask others for what they think. For example if you robed a bank, you ask your best friend what they would do they say keep the money and when you get caught you would get in big trouble. If you ask someone else like your parents they would say just tell the truth and not get in as much trouble. There are always more then one solution also it depend on who gives you the advice.

When asking more then one for what they think is best your able to find what best fits for you. Wouldn't you want to solve the problem with out getting as hurt or in trouble. We all know that there is always a easy way out but is it the best option. Seeking multiple opinions will give you the chance to find

For a instance you got in a fight with your best friend, so you go ask your other friends what to do one said make it up and others say make her say sorry first. After hearing this sure making her say sorry is easier but is it the right way to go. Its always better to just find what you think is right even if it is a little harder.

In this word we live in today one day your best friend can say "omg we will be friend forever" but at the end they say things to you that only benefit them self. Have this ever happen to you? It happened to me before, when I was little I was best friends with this girl. I asked her what her opinion on what I should were to the school dance, she told me to get this really ugly dress because of that i got laughed at and she be came popular. If I asked someone else I am pretty sure I wouldn't have been humiliated. In the 20 first century most people now only care for there well being and not anyone else.

Looking for the right answers maybe hard sometimes, you maybe not like the outcome. Even if you think that one people knows the answer just to make sure get others opinions on it. Dont be scared to ask what is the worst that can happen. At the end just do what you believe is right, peoples opinions are what they think it is only suppose to help guide but you have to make the final decision  