Dear TEACHER_NAME, i would like to talk to you about the sports grades and for other activities. I dislike it because i can't get up to a "B" average in some of my classes, and also most kids have great talents here , and should be able to have a chance to prove it with at least a high "C" also we should not have to have at least a "B" to participate in other school activities like games , or fun razors , or school rally's that should be something that should be fun for every student to enjoy and go to.

First, In my classes i struggle to get things done and to make good grades. I can't pass every test and if i fail one it lowers my grade big time. You should not count every grade on us because , not every one has learning ability like other students in the building every student should get there own shot at a sport and the coach should help them out with there grades , like say they could have a study hall to help their players , or they could bench them until they brought it up i' m sure every student would want to play so they would be determined to bring it up.

Secondly,

most of the student here have wonderful outstanding talents and should be able to prove that. If you made us have to have good grades i' m positive our school would not have good sports team and probley not enough players to play a game. I would suggest that if you want to change the grades that you should change it to a very high "C" or we won't have good teams at our school and you would probley loose some good students that we need. Some students don't understand there work and can't learn as quickly as other students can. I am not saying you should not push them to do there hardest , i' m just saying that everyone deserves a chance at something , and should be given that chance to prove what they got.

Thirdly, if you take away school activities to kids who have a "C" average then that's a little low don't you think ??? All kids should be able to go to anything that has to do with school and having fun if they have a "C"

average if you ask me. If we had a fun razors and you said kids with c' s could not come , and they watched all them other SCHOOL_NAME students with good grades have fun don't you think that's a little harsh? I think all kids should get to have fun also you should never leave a student out if they try there hardest to succeed in their homework and daily school work. This doesn't mean that if a student is the worst kid that don' t mean he should be able to go of course he shouldn't have the ability to do any of the fun in school, all kids should have fun in school activities and not have to worry about a "C" and getting kicked off the team or not going to a field trip.

Finally, most kids do honestly try there hardest to do what they can in school and should not ever be punished or talked to about a "C" average. Every kid does try and works hard and should not ever have to worry about some one telling them that they are kicked off the team and can't go on the trip or go to this dance because of it that would hurt there feeling and a lot of parents would be at the school complaining to you about it. A lot of kids have different subjects their good in and the subjects that they are not the best in, so you should not be hard on them or the might drop all the grades and just stop trying, and not like school and never want to go back because there teachers told them that their best is not good enough. So if you want to have some trouble with parents my advice to you is don't change anything.