Online Learning

FCPSOn, a program designed to guide the FCPS learning platform to online, was introduced this year when each student was issued a FCPS laptop. The goal with these devices was to eventually move all school work to the computer. This presents the idea of being able to complete the course from out of the classroom. At home online learning is beneficial because; students have the ability to rewatch/reread content, common in classroom distractions are not present, and students can learn when they are most prepared. However, students should go to school twice a week to turn in any work and receive any hands on learning that is needed for the course.

When you don't understand something your first action is to read or watch it again and this often helps you understand it. When you receive a lecture from a teacher and you don't understand it, you can ask questions but chances are you don't know how to or what to ask. When taking an online course you have access to all the information so you know you didn't miss or don't understaand anything.

A class of 25 teenagers is hard to control and chances are not all of them are focused all the time. This leads to wasted time and students not learning the information. However, being at home has its distractions too but, deadlines and live teaching sessions can further motivate students to pay attention. Overall, without the time to switch classes and the learning could be don't faster, the hours spent working on school work in day would be less than seven.

If a student is sick or they miss school and usually have to wait till the next day to get caught up, if all the information and assignments were online students could catch up the same day. If a student doesn't do their work that morning that can complete it later in the day when they are feeling better.

I also believe that it is very important that students come to school twice a week to attend all their classes because, classes in the science and phyiscs field require hands on learning. Although all the learning will be done online physical projects or presentations are important so, on campus class will give a time for students to turn in physical work or present projects to the class.

My proposal is that students are required to be working on their computers at home for 5 hours a day, each class is one hour and fifteen minutes. In this time students are to tune in to a live stream held by the teacher and ask/answer questions during it, after this they can completed assigned work by the end of the period or when the teacher assigns. All the live streams are recorded and students have access to them as well as all the information discussed during it. Two days every week students are required to go to school like normal and this gives them time to turn in any work, present any work or take tests and quizzes.

Overall, online learning at home is beneficial because students have the ability to rewatch/reread content, common in classroom distractions are not present, and students can learn when they are most prepared. Hands on learning is also very important so, twice a week student should attend normal school and turn in any physical work and receive hands on learning. I believe this provides the perfect balance for efficient learning.        