In the article "Driveless Cars Are Coming", the author makes great points for and against driveless cars. Some of his arugements for driveless are very interesting and definitly out weighs the cons of driveless cars. Threes three main points that he made for driveless cars and how fast we're coming closer to having them everywhere. With driveless cars you can have you car drive up to 25mph, brake when you're to close to another car, and they can also notify the driver if he or she isn't paying attention to the road. Everyday we're getting close and closer to having complete driveless cars!

In 2013 BMW made a car that can handle speeds up to 25mph and they also added a really inavaiting feature in it; The car has special touch sensors that alert you anytime you take your had off the wheel. There's so many benfits to this. Let say someone is speeding four times over the speed limit and you have to move out the way before they can hit you, with your hands being on the wheel and the car driving you can move out the way and take complete control of the car. Another example is if you were driving your son/daughter to their friend's house and you had to look for which house you can sit the car to do the driving while you're looking for the house and that alone can help a may reduces finder benders in neighbrohoods because the car can break when its getting close to another car all on its own.

Noitifcations. Some car companies have been trying to make cars that have a hands up flashing light on the windsheld when you take your hands off the when or aren't paying attention to the road. This idea can help pervent so many accendents and help improve drving skills.

In conclusion all these ideas and all this new terchonology in cars will help stop and lower the percentage of accidents dramaticlly. Anywhere from having the car break on its own to drving a certain speed limit while you look for your childs friend's house can help stop so many accidents. We are getting closer and closer to a safer drving age each and everyday.        