When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. When someone gets another person's advice they are thankful, but they usually aren't satisfied with just one person's advice. People often want every ones full advice so that they can see how many people like one thing compared to another. This may only be what I do, but I do this to see how many people like one thing compared to another. Lets find out why other people like to get every ones opinion.

Almost everyday my mom asks my dad, brother, and I which pair of shoes or which clothes we like better. After that she takes a majority vote to see how many of us chose an item compared to another. Then she wears the item that got more people's opinion on. I think almost everybody does this when they cannot decide on one thing or another. Its also good to ask for more than one persons opinion and here is why.

Asking for more than one persons opinion can be helpful not by just comparing things but also by working on social skills. Asking for advice works on your social skills because when you're talking to people you are becoming more social and usually, you make friends by talking. Making friends is a big part in becoming more social, therefore, asking for advice helps you make new friends and become more social. So asking for multiple people's advice probably making more friends as well. Sometimes, if you are feeling down,

you just need to ask for advice and you will feel better.

Friends can help you make better choices as well by giving advice. I always ask my friends for advice because I want to know every ones opinion. So sometimes just asking your family for advice is not enough, so that is why you ask your friends. Also getting more peoples opinions on things lets you see what the majority of people like, so if you ever want to get them anything for their birthday or other activities you know what to get them. Asking for advice is beneficial for almost everything we do, in my opinion.

In conclusion asking for advice is really beneficial. It helps make friends and better choices along the road. I also think that people ask for advice everyday which is why most of the time people make good choices. overall asking for advice helps people make the best of choices for many things. Nevertheless, keep asking for advice, for it is very beneficial to everyone.