As technology advances so does our learning and how we incorporate that technology into our learning. As such, some schools are now offering distance learning, attending class from home using online or video conferencing. However students would not benefit from distance learning because it isolates students, allows for cheating, allows for distraction, and doesn't allow for one on one assistance.

Going to school everyday helps to build valuable social skills. Students learn to interact with teachers and peers in a healthy, productive manner; whether it be peer reviewing an essay or doing a group project. By giving students a choice to not come to school the social aspect of school is eliminated and students have the opportunity to isolate themselves. This isolation will only make difficult for the student to grow socially and will make it more difficult to transition into adulthood.

Being at home alone allows for another problem: cheating. If a student is able to do their homework, quizzes, and test alone, in the comfort of their home, they will be able to cheat significantly easier and it may be harder to catch them. If the students manage to cheat then they will not learn anything effectively and will instead skip through lessons and cheat on quizzes and test so they can get done with things faster without having to put in effort. Being in a school building allows for teacher supervision and makes it harder to cheat and get away with it. Besides cheating interfering with students ability to learn there is also the distracting environment.

Rather than being in a school building, students will be in their homes. This allows students to be more comfortable and more easily distracted. Rather than wearing jeans and a t-shirt or a uniform, students could wear their pajamas. Instead of sitting at a desk, they could be in bed or on the couch. Students will be able to leave the area to go get food or even just to watch TV while they're supposed to be focused on the lesson. While at school students have a stable, distraction free environment which allows them to concentrate on their learning. So rather than being in pajamas on the couch, ready to fall asleep, the student is alert and ready to learn.

While more independent students will have the ability to learn at their pace and go more in depth, those who require more assistance will be at a disadvantage. Those who need it will not be able to get the one on one help they need. Being at home doesn't allow for students to directly speak to a teacher; instead, the student will have to contact their teacher in a different way, such as email. This method doesn't allow for the teacher to respond immediately to the student and makes it harder to communicate the specifics of the issue. It also makes it easier for a teacher or student to miss a message from each other and so an issue could go completely unanswered.

While there may be some advantages to being able to attend classes from home, the disadvantages far outweigh them. Distance learning hinders students ability to learn by not allowing social growth, making room for cheating, not providing a distraction free environment, and making it harder to receive help. 