Some people say that the more outcomes you get, the better the choices you will make. My grandpa has always told me to ask others for their opinion, even if you do not like it. I have had many hard decisions come up in my day-to-day life, but I have always asked others for there advice. There are three reasons to ask other people for their advice: more outcomes, better outcomes, and if you put all the outcomes together, you can decide on one.

One reason people should ask others for there advice is that you will have more outcomes than what you were thinking. You can ask your family, friends, and even classmates. An example of someone helping me is when I did not know how shoot a basketball. I first asked my dad and he gave some advice to me, and showed me how to take that advice , and then I went to my grandpa, and he gave me advice too. I have now been playing basketball since I was four years old. This is an example of always asking others for help, even if your scared they might make fun of you.

Another reason is that you get better outcomes. You can get advice from multiple people, but you will always know when you get the best advice. My dad has gave me multiple advice about one thing, but I never knew what was the best advice, until I heard it. I was sitting on the couch one day and I asked my dad how good do I have to be, to be in the NBA. He told me to practice each day, and to work hard at practice. I didn't know which one was the most important until he later said, and pay close attention to when the coach is talking. I knew that was the most important. Although the other reasons were also important, I knew if I didn't pay attention to the coach, then I could not pay attention in the game, and that is why the guys in the NBA are so focused on the game and nothing else.

A third reason is if you put all the outcomes together, then you can decide on which is the best advice. Some people throughout my life, friends, family, and classmates, have took in so much advice they don't know what to choose. But if you add all that advice together, then you will find your most reliable advice. My baseball, basketball, and football coaches have given me tons of advice. After they tell me a whole lot of advice, I put all that advice together and get my main point. I have been playing sports for a very long time, and although I have gotten better from playing, I have also gotten better from listening to all the advice, coaches, parents, and friends have given me.

In conclusion, it is very important to take advice from multiple people. It will help you get better at what your doing, and will help you later on in your future. The next time someone tries to offer advice, you might wanna think, the more outcomes I get will be better, and the better outcomes I will have will be better, and I can put all this advice together and see what I get. Do not be scared of asking people for there advice or you might miss out on something really cool. This really will impact on you right now and in your future.