The traditional method that we have been using for hundreds of years has worked for many people.

Some people would even say it is the best way that we can all get an education, but it does not work for everyone.

It has been stated time after time that we are all different from one another, but does the traditional system actively support our differences?

For some students, learning from a home environment can be beneficial because it takes away the pressuring environment of school, as well as providing parents with a better understanding of what their child is learning and how well they are doing.

Learning from a home environment can be beneficial because it takes away most of the social pressure associated with school.

Bullying at school is mostly unavoidable in our traditional school system.

Even though the traditional system encourages our students to speak up when they are being bullied, not everyone speaks up.

Although online bullying is another real issue that many students face today, it can be easily shut out by limiting the use of social media if the student is at home most of the day.

Technological learning can provide parents with a better understanding of what their child is learning and how well they are doing academically.

With the student at home most of the day, parents have a better understanding of not only what their child is learning, but their preferred learning style as well.

Although Generic_City Public Schools has provided their students and parents with a accessible grade book known as StudentVUE and ParentVUE respectively, it does not shed a light on exactly what is happening in the classroom or what learning from a specific teacher is like.

Learning from home can give parents an inside view of precisely what the teacher is like and how the student responds to their teaching.

Whether or not a student achieves academic success depends on the student, no matter how they prefer to learn.

If the student is doing well without having to be at home, then the current system in which they are learning in doesn't have to be changed for them.

But if the student is struggling to learn in the traditional way, then learning from home will provide an opportunity to become just as successful as their traditional counterparts.