In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author claims that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. He provides many details over why travelling to Venus is such a challenge. However, he does not support his claim well because he does not give enough reasons as to why it would worth it to go there.

The second part of his claim has a lot of evidence for it. In the third paragraph, he details many of the dangers faced by anyone wishing to go to Venus. "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. [...] temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet [...] such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." This description is filled with details that cause readers to be understandably adverse to the thought of travelling to a planet with these conditions. This imagery fully supports how studying Venus would be deadly.

Despite this, the author does not do much to explain why studying Venus is worth the risk. In the fourth paragraph he claims that the reason why scientists are discussing further visits is because "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." The second piece of evidence he provides is that "Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit," alluding to the second paragraph, where he explained that Earth, Venus, and Mars all orbit the sun at different speeds, causing them to vary in the distances they are from each other. The facts that Venus is a little bit like Earth and that it is one of two planets that are near to Earth sometimes do not cause readers to feel like a trip to Venus is justified, because these do not seem like good enough reasons to brave the dangers. These are the only two justifications the author offers before labeling the value of returning to Venus as "indisputable." Compared to the huge amount of challenges in the paragraph before, readers do not feel the same way. The author then goes on to explain how NASA would send people to Venus, which does not support the claim at all.

The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" claims that the benefits of exploring Venus outweigh the difficulties. He gives a lot of evidence as to why it would be difficult to travel to Venus. Overall, he does not fully back up his claim, because he provides few examples of reasons why it would be worth it.