Did you know that eight out of ten people make the wrong decision because they only asked one person for their opinion. I think it is better to ask more than one person so you can get a different opinion from everyone, make sure the decision is right for you, and to here there reason why they agree with me.

My first reason to why I agree that you should get more than one opinion on a decision is that you can get a different opinion from everyone. If you just ask one person then that will only give you one opinion to make a decision the decision could be life changing and you dont want to make a big decision off of one opinion. For example you're deciding whether you should have a bay before you get married or after you get married and settled in. You ask one person and that person says before and you have the baby because you are a good listener and boom the guy you got pregnant with leaves if you would have had the baby after you got married it would have so much more harder for him to leave then when you're not married. If you wanna make the right decisions in life you should ask more than one person for there opinion.

Secondly you want to make sure the decision is right for you. If you ask a person there opinion they will tell you what they think but just because that particular person says yes i would get a pet tiger but in reality me and you both know what the right decision is like tell me and be honest would you really go and by a pet tiger? OK let me get back on track like I said before you dont want to just ask one person. another reason you wont to make sure it's right is to think about your self in the moment to you don't want to just decide something and later on in life regret it. Lets say you go and get a sleeve witch is a tattoo that covers your whole arm and then you want to be receptionist they won't accept your application because your tattoo is in an open spot where everyone can see it there are certain standards you have to be held up to and that is not one of them.

Last but not least to hear why or why not they agree with me. I would like to hear why or why not they agree with me because they have to have a good reason to why or why not they agree with me. I would like to know why they agree or disagree with me to se whether i could change it a little to make it make more sense. Another reason I would like to know why they agree or disagree is to know why it doesn't make sense or makes sense to them to see what we agree on and what we disagree on. For example you say "Do you think it should be illegal to dump oil into the sea?" and the other person says no you would want to know what they said no.

In conclusion these where my three reasons/opinions to why you should ask other people for there opinion.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       