About twenty five years ago from 2001, there was an object found on Mars. When our Viking 1 was scanning the planet to find a safe place for the next space craft to land, Viking 2, Viking 1 suddenly "spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face." The scientists at first, were excited, but then we realized that it was probably a common Martian mesa. We just assumed that "this one had unusual shadows." We believe it to be just a natural land form that just happens to have the right shadows to look like a face, not some alien monument.

Soon, we decided that we needed to get a better picture. On April 5, 1998 our Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia to take a picture of the Face. The picture was "ten times sharper than the original Viking photos." The photo revealed that the Face is just a natural landform. There were no markings on it or anything that could prove the Face to be something like an alien monument or anything made by possible life on Mars.

Then we had people arguing that because of the location of the Face, 41 degrees north martian latitude, and that it was "winter in April '98-a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet." People said that our camera would have to look through clouds. Skeptics said "alien markings were hidden by haze." Even so, it is unlikely that all the markings would be covered up, but we began to get ready to look again to hopefully settle everything about the Face.

Although it is very difficult to target Cydonia, on April 8, 2001 we got a second look. This was a "cloudless summer day." "We had to roll the spacecraft 25 degrees to center the Face in the feild of view," Garvin said. The picture was taken with maximum resolution. As Garvin went on to add, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size. So, if there were objects in this picture like arplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!"

In conclusion, the Face is just another natural landform. There are no signs of it being made by possible life on Mars. If there were signs even of possible life on Mars, I am sure we would have been able to see clues of it and if the Face was made by them. There is nothing provided to us to suggest hat the Face was made by aliens. We just don't have proof if it. The Face is however very similar to a butte or mesa. "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," Garvin stated. The Middle Butte is about the same height as Face on Mars. These things are so similar, it is almost impossible to think that the Face was created by aliens.