Cars are becoming a must in today's society. In some places, people live and survive without a motorized vehical. People don't have to stop using cars altogether, but should be able to limit themselves to save of world from pollution creating a better environment to live in.

Some people don't understand the severity of pollution and how much cars contribute to that. Pollution is said to become Earths demise, whith cars producing and letting out so much smog, it seems as if the Earths demise could be near. According to Robert Duffer, Paris has "enfored a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." This evidence of Paris giving a partial ban shows how detrimental cars can have on Earth environment. Further examination reveals, a situtation where Bogota has even issued a " car-free day" stated by Andrew Selsky. This source shows us that with even one day without using a car could be a useful plan for all places. People of today don't need to not use their cars, just use their cars either less per day or per week.

Although some may say, we need cars to get to work or to go to the grocery store, they can always just use public transportation. Buses are already running even if you are in a car so why not use them instead of polluting the air even more. In Bogota, when they have their car-free day, most people either "hiked","biked", "skated" or "took buses" as a mean of transportation. More evidence shows a senario where the Environmental Protection Agency is encouraging a "car reduced" community, stated by Elisabeth Rosenthal. Resources such as this one shows that if the United States Evironmental Protection Agency is concerned about our pollution rate why shouldn't we? If we cut down on our use of cars, pollution rate can drop extremley down causing a better living environment.

When you stop to think why cars have become so prevelant, there is no exact reasoning. If we don't even know our exact reasoning for having a car, in a case that we can't rely on buses or our own two legs to provided why are we risking the safty of our Earth in order to use them? Cars aren't the slighest bit the problem, how and how often we use them is becoming the problem, if we limit our use of cars our advantage would be the single best thing in live, happiness and peace of life.             