Extracurricular activities are commonly found at all schools. They range from basketball and football, to book club and yearbook club. There are limitless possibilities to extracurricular activities you could do. These activities are important because they allow you to make new friends and be social, get better at skills that arent taught in normal school, and they allow you to do something fun and participate in something besides school.

Being social is one of the most important aspects of life. Making friends, having fun and spending time with each other. When you are in school, you can talk to your friends but you cannot truly bond with them because you have school work that you need to focus on. When you have an extracurricular activity you are able to spend much more time with your friends as well as make new ones. In my personal experience, I play basketball daily, and I have met many of my closest friends while playing basketball. Without basketball I would truly have less close friends than I do now.

In regular school, you are taught all of the subjects that you are used to seeing. Math, science, English and even some special electives like shop. Although you have many choices to what you want to do, there arent as many choices or fun activities as extracurricular activities. If you want to do coding, there is a coding club, if you like reading, theres a book club, or if the only sport you like is basketball, you can do only that. The ability to do whatever activity you want, and limitless choices of those activities, are found no where else, even compared to school.

School is stressful, and when you only think about school, it gets worse and worse and a lot of people need a break from school. That is where these activities can help. They might be more work but they allow you to take your mind off of school and on to something completely different that can benefit you in the same way. If you only think about school and no other activities, you will stress yourself out over due dates, bad grades and much more. I am not saying that you shouldnt worry about these things but people overthink them and dwell on them which makes the student not feel good. If they had more extracurricular activities, they might not be as focused on those things and relax and enjoy the activities and school more.

Extracurricular activities should be a part of every students life and are extremely important to their success because of the social aspect, the fact that they are new activities with different skill sets, and they give you a break from school which allows you to think about something else. They can even make someone healthier, mentally and physically. They are important to the students and can change how they feel over their entire career as a student.