Our country was built on the idea of giving people an influential chance on our government. The votes that matter in the Presidential election should be the popular vote of the people because the Electoral college votes are counted and not the people, and the country was formed for the thought of equal rights among the people.

The Electoral College is made up of electors, who are chosen by different ways per state. This means the electors are the ones voting and not the people. The people's vote goes to these Electoral Colleges, where the electors choose what candidate they want to vote for. The person the electors send their vote to may not be what the people chose. In the excerpt from "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong," it is stated that "under the elctoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." That said, the people vote for the electors

, not the president. Also stated in this excerpt is the fact of the "disaster factor." This is the possibility that the electors chosen could "defy the will of the people."

This county has a reputation of being one of the most free countries in the world. It was founded to show each citizen living in it the same rights, no more or less than another person. That said, each state should have the right to vote for which candidate they choose in any kind of election. This means the vote of the people should determine which president is elected. The fact of the Electoral Colleges goes against this idea. Each state has it's own number of Electoral College votes. These votes are set determined as one per elector. The way the government determines how many electors a state has is by seeing how many members of Congress the state has. The number of members of the House that the state has, plus two for the Senators equals how many electoral votes a state gets. In the excerpt from "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President," there is a map of the United states' 48 continental states, and two seperate boxes for Alaska and Hawaii. Each state on this map has a number inside. These numbers represent how many Electoral College electors the corresponding state gets. This proves how unfair the idea of Electoral College is. Take California for example. California has 55 Electoral College votes. Now look at states like Alaska and Montana. Only three electoral votes are given to these states. Compare the populations between California and Wyoming. Even though there is a 45 electoral vote difference between these two states, it's not as big as Wyoming's 500,000 people versus California's 35 million. Not only that, the electors can choose whatever candidate in the running they want, and that's the problem with the Electoral College. Not all electors will vote for the candidate the citizens want. The vote for President isn't really up to the people, now is it?

The Electoral College idea should be eliminated because the electors' votes are counted and are not biased to the people, and because the Electoral College can be described as "unconstitutional." The idea should be changed so that the people have a bigger impact on the Presidental decision. This way, America can live up to it's reputation.    