The article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" is writes mostly in favor of driverless cars but adds some valid points as to why these cars may not be the best decision. I believe that the latter opinion is the logical stance. If completely driverless cars were to exsist in the furture the human race would lose one more skill due to technology. On top of this loss of skill there runs the risk of computer malfuntion within the car, legal issues if and when these cars get into an accident, and people attempting to hack the cars' computer system in an attempt to kill someone.

If these are created into exsistence then people will no longer posses the abilily to drive their own car. While this may seem like a good thing these cars will not be able to do everything a human typically can do in avoiding an accident. When a situation occurs that there may be an accident there may be an opportunity for the "driver" to take over. Unfortunatly, this will be pointless because these "drivers" will no longer know how to control their own cars.

Furthermore, if and when this accident happens, who will take the blame for its cause. Will it be the drivers fault, the car's fault, or the manufacturers fault?

This is a point that is brought up in paragraph 9, "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault -the driver or the manufacturer?" A whole new set of laws will be needed in order to accomadate this new type of car. Even if new laws are created for these cars and it is made easier to have someone take the blame for an accident how will anyone know if it is truly their fault?

Besides the loss of skill and the legal issues for if and when these cars malfuntion, there is also an issue of these cars being easily hacked. It is getting easier and easier for people to acces sensitve information with everything thing being placed online and creating these cars is just adding another thing to be hacked. It is a very real possiblies that someone may hack into a world leaders car and try to crash it in an attempt at an assination. If this does happen the public would no longer be able to feel safe in even our cars and would be at the mercy of these online hackers.

I believe that, while having driverless cars would be an amazing feat in humankind's technological advancement, there are too many risks involved if these cars are created. We would be losing another skill to technology, computers malfunction on occasion and when one of these car's computer malfuntions and causes a crash who will take the balme, and people with these cars will be putting there lives in the hands of these compurters and the people with the skill to hack and control these computers. It is too dangerous to have these cars and have everyone using them.    