Limiting car usage can put a new perspective in your life. Limiting car usage can be a huge benefit because first of all, you'll have better health. This even goes out to the healthiest people in this world. Secondly, Global Warming will be less harsh and dangerous to all the living creeatures of the world. Lastly, you can be more open and associate with many people. Limiting car usage is probably the best idea to reduce all the hazards and bad things on Earth.

To begin with, I want to inform you that car usage has become worse and worse over the years. Our health is in jeopardy because of how much we use cars. But with limiting car usage around the globe anyone can become a healthier person. A great percent of our population in th United States are overweight or obese. Even all over the globe! With limiting how much time we use cars we can reduce that percent and become healthier people because that way we can walk to our places and not just sit down in a car doing absolutely nothing. People have become much happier in limmiting their car usage. Those people go out and get fresh air and not sit in a car going from place to place. And with being much happier has come less stress. People who are too stressed are not to happy that's why its better not using a car just to go grocery shopping. You wouldn't have to worry about the lights and stop signs or be scared if your going to be in a car accident. The only time you should be able to use a car is going long distances and places like other cities.

To move foward, Global Warming has become a really big issue for us. All the pollution that Planet Earth gets from cars is absurd! Cars release so much gas and harmful substances that we breathe in. It doesnt only affect us but animal too and all living things. Now the smog has gotten way worse. Paris has a huge percent of smog covering the city that even France has enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the city. Congestion has gone down to 60 percent. Beijing, China is known as one of the most polluted city in the world. Now everywhere you go even if its really cold nights arent as cold as they used to be. Cold nights and warm days have caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions.

Another thing about limiting car usage is that you can even associate with other people around you. Just walking to you local market or a food restaurant you are probably say hello to different people some even communicating with them. You can walk to parks or go walk to a nearest pool or beach and I gaurantee you that you're going to be talking to many different people throughtout the day. You can use alternative transportation such as bus, bikes, scooters and let me tell you being in bikes and scooters is a lot more fun a relaxing then driving a car or being in one. Walking and hiking around is a huge relieve of stress.

Hence, limiting car usage is a big improvement for us it will help us in so many ways. Such as, we can improve our health and we could be so much better because a great percent of this world is either overweight or obese and limiting cars can help you go out and walk or even bikes can get you where you want to go and thats a form of exercise. Global Warming has been on the rise. It's been rising and rising and limiting how much we use cars can absolutley help with it by lowering the pollution the temperatures may not be so hot you wont feel like your boiling just walking outside your front door. You can associate with many different people throughout your day even if it's just a simple hello. Walking to grocery stores and restaurants can make you feel a whole lot better and relieve your stress and also communicate with other people. We all need to put a limit in everything good or bad, so lets start doing it now!    