Texting and Driving

Cellphone is the most used technology in everyone's everyday life wherever they go they have to bring their cellphones. Phones was a great invention that it helps people communicate anywhere and call anyone anywhere which is a good technology that can help people in everyday life. But Phones are the reason a lot of teens get into car accidents and can cause people's lives.

Texting and driving is one of the causes of car crashes this recent years, where the driver gets distracted and not paying attention to the road ahead of them. One of the articles I've looked up stated that "Studies show that approximately 660,000 drivers attempt to use their cell phones while driving every day. While this number includes people who are texting, it also includes people who are checking their email, making, receiving or checking phone calls and using mobile apps" ("Texting While Driving"). This shows that a lot of people who are driving text and can endanger their lives and other peoples. As most people think that a lot of car accidents are caused by drunk people or people speeding the article "The Real Reason You Shouldn't Text While Driving" stated that

"The most frequent driver mistake is "recognition error," which encompasses "driver's inattention, internal and external distractions, and inadequate surveillance." In other words, most crashes are not caused by flagrantly intoxicated people, nor that aggressive driver who will do whatever it takes to get to their destination one minute earlier. Most crashes are caused by people like you and me who think they can pay attention to the road and do something else at the same time." this shows that texting and driving is out of control and is dangerous for everyone who drive and text even though people know how dangerous it is, they still do it thats why states decided to ban texting and driving to stop people from texting while driving and stopping them from doing it.

In conclusion that people should take the law about texting while driving to stop the car accidents so they are less deaths and injuries due to texting while driving.

Works Cited

Holzwarth, Aline. "The Real Reason You Shouldn't Text While Driving." Behavioral Scientist, 4 Apr. 2018, behavioralscientist. org/the-real-reason-you-shouldnt-text-while-driving/.

"Texting While Driving." Hg. org, 15 Aug. 2019, www. hg. org/legal-articles/texting-while-driving -40319.                                                      