To State Senator,

As many believe, the nation of the Unitred States of America is one of the most free countries. The citizens have more power and rights then those of another country. Although, are we truely getting the power we claim to get. One of the biggest powers a citizen of the US recieves is electing the president who will serve a term for the next four years. But, do we truely recieve that power. No if there is an Electorial College. The govnerment claims that we are the one truely electing the president, and many of the citizen even believe that, but the fact is that the Electorial College take away all of those rights. This government group doesnt always follow the word of the people, it is unfair, and the "winner-takes-all" mathod does not show what the true outcome should be.

When the Founding Fatrhers developted this country, they had stricted standards in mind, "The people would have a say." If we where fallowing the wishes of our Founding Fathers, we would not allow our nation to make false acuizations about what the people are acually capable of doing. Say the state has a majority of Republican vote, so we then send 27 Rebulican electors to the Electorial College. Although, it is copletely possible that our electors don't follow the word of the people, and vote for something other than what they had said before. This shows that although the state's citizens can chose the electors, we acually have no role in the final election of our President. As said in The Indefensible Electorial College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, "Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes the state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, sometimes the presidential canidates themselves." This proves that there is no set system in place for choose this extremely important electors that are the electors of how our country survives the next four years. They said that it is even possible for the presidential canidates themselves to the be the ones to choose the electors. Will the follow the word of the peoplem, or just choose based on what is best for them? No one know. By doing this, we are putting our whole future in someone elses hands.

Not to mention, the whole election proccess is unfair for both the citizens and the presidential canidates. If there is a majority vote from the people throughout the nation for one party, once the Electorial College votes, the peoples decition can be overridded. This means that not only is the next president going to be someone that most of the citizens didn't want, but the presidential candidate who should have won, now is stuck is a possition where the country wants him in office, but it is over. If the people get to vote, let them vote. Why claim to give them something, waste their time, aswell as yours, and then have that concencous not make a difference? If the government where truely looking to help and do what the people want and need, then they would trust us to put the right person in office.

Lastly, the system put in place for the Electorial College is not a strong system. The "winner-takes-all" method does not allow for a truelly acurate election. When the state votes, for example, two thirds democratic, then only two thirds of our electors should be democratic. With this you are getting a complete representaion of the wants of the people. As state in What Is the Electorial College, "Most states have a winner-takes-all" system that awatds all electors to the winning prsidential canidate." This means that even if the votes where close, like 50 percent plus one, they majority voted party would get 100 percent of the electors. That math make no sence. If voting for out future is not in out own hands, then let the people who are taking the responsability truely reflect our own thoughts.

With elections for many different things, there are always winner and loosers, that is just how the game works. Although, the game shouldnt work as if there was a set winner. In that case, there is no use in even playing. When the electors are chosen to elect the next President, we, as citizens have no idea if that is the proper peson to choose. We don't know that that person will completly fulfill the resposability they have are being the hands of the people. The Electorial College takes away our rights, is completly unfair all all sides of the story, and has a bad system set in palce. With all of this said, there is no need for it. It does nothing but hurt us and have the possibility of making false elections. We have the "right to vot," let us truely and completely fulfill that right.

Sincerly,

your citizen            