Have you ever needed advice but did not know who to listen to or could not make up your mind? Well it can be very challenging not knowing what to do. By this it can be very helpful seeking advice from multiple people and not just one. Therefore, this could make your decission easier in a way. For example, a couple of people coul've said the same thing over whatever someone else might have said and that could help base your decission by knowing more people said the same thing than having different answers. Seeking advice from multiple people could help you because you could get different views on why or why not, it could help lead to a better decission by asking them, it could make you a more responisble person.

Getting different views on a decissions could not only be helpful but reliable by knowing everyone elses opinion and if you can agree or dissagree with it. For example, say you want pizza, but you want either pepperoni or cheese. You ask your friends and three of them say pepperoni and one of them says cheese. Which pizza would you choose? The one with the greater amount of votes and opionions on it or the one with one vote and less opinions. That's why getting multiple people for advice can be the number one helpful thing to do. However there are also other ways getting different peoples opinions on something is important.

Asking different people can help lead to a better decission than what you were planning on doing. For example, have you ever wanted to do something but didn't know if it was going to be the right choice to make. In that case what do you do? You ask your friends or other people and everyone is disagreeing with your choice and it help you to realize what the better choice could be. Prefferably it could've been the safer option or more responsible one so then after you say what a relief it is to know I made the better choice. Therefore, it helps you to realize the better or worse choices you could or could've made. Another good reason is one choice could be a more responsible choice.

By aksing multiple people about choices to make or which one to choose could also help you be a better person or become more responsible. On the other hand if you didn't you could possibly loose trust in the way you made your decission. By this I mean, what if your parents asked you a question and you didn't know if you should answer truethfuly or lie. You didn't get anyone elses opinions on it which could possibly and most likely lead to a better choice but you choose to lie. This is where you could loose trust on your parents knowing your not responsible enough to tell the truth. This could possibly be the case and this is why asking for multiple opinions could lead to a better response and could make you a more responsible person.

Seeking advice from multiple people could give you help because you could get different views on why or why not, it could help lead to a better choice by asking them, and it could make you a more responsible person. In some cases it may not always be possible to find somone to actually help you make a choice but it is definetly the better option to choose from. It can make your decission more reliable by knowing you have different opinions on your choices and build trust by being honest in an example I put in the last paragraph. The more improtant thing that can help is it helps you realize that that choice was better instead of another choice. Although, just because a choice has more votes make sure you agree because it's possible for the choices to not all be the best ones. That's why it's always important to always make sure you have your opinion invloved and not just someone elses opinion. Hopefully you can take this advice and put it into account to one day help someone else or you makea good choice.