When it comes to at home learning and attending classes from home it is benefitial, being able to work at home at your own pace is better in many ways. For example, at home you have everything you need:food,drinks,pencils and pens, when you're at home you get to be relaxed and away from the stress free and noisy classrooms,which make it harder to learn for a lot of people. Having the time to yourself and a nice quite place can benefit soemone who thinks it's hard to focus in a cramped room and noise making it hard to hear your own thoughts. Personally being in a loud class has many distractions, teacher has to stop class repeatidly to tell others to quite down, that alone takes up a big chunk of valuable class time to help me and other students who need help learning the material. when being at home you can be more focused on what you need to get done and not feel rushed to get homework or classwork done.

Having more time to get work done can just alone boost your grade if you work hard enough and have that focus you need. Being in a public space you can't get that all the time and eventually you space out and focus on everyone and everything else besides getting that work done. People who find it hard to focus in general maybe do need that extra time that they cant get at school, being at home is more relaxing because it's an enviornment that you're used to because you live there. Having that feeling of security can help with a lot, most kids/teens get made fun of for an anwser that is wrong,which dosen't help the kid or teen instead makes them doubt themselves,being at a place where you don't feel comftarble enough to give your own output can stunt your learning and instead you dont get much out your lessons because you are too afraid to speak out. online classes can fix all of that and one can feel comftarble enough to ask their questions without the judgement and dissipointing looks. everyclass in school is timed and long even sometimes boring, studnets tend to doze off and lose intrest in what the teacher is saying,doing so isnt a good thing instead it keeps you fromn learning whats needed, being online at your own pace can pervent that because you have the time that you need and no one is lecturing you 24/7 on something that you're not even paying attention to in the first place. At least when you're at home you can email or talk to the teacher 1 on 1 and get more out of the lesson.

In current times people use technology a lot in fact phones and computers are of a daily use, so doing online classes would be normal considering the fact that everyone is using their devices to get through theuir day. having a computer or phone can help you find many anwsers and if a friend or teacher dosen't have an anwser for you someone online will. Making classes online would if anything seem more standard and helpful because everytghing you need to know is on that device,making it easier to complete homework and saves you from reading all the pages in the big school books given to you. Having someone over call to help or tell you what the lesson is about can be helpful due to the cact that most of the time its a 1 on 1 call and the teacher wont be distracted with a big group of kids asking for help as well. In Fact having a video call brings more to the table like being able to have as much time to yourself as well as learning the material and keeping yourself in a place where you feel best at.

Online classes comes best at when you move and maybe you cant finish the year out at the old school and you feel like there just isn't enough time to enroll to another school or its just too soon. Well you can sign up online keeping you at home getting used to the new place and learning as you go, being able to continue where you left off at the other school and get all the credits that you earned during the school year. Moving around is a common thing for most who either are in military familys or just dont like staying in one place for too long, now they can use online classes to where ever they go and not have to stop their learning because being on the move is what they like. Online classes make that easier for people because they can be where ever and still learn, colleges do online courses as well which is better suited for the people that maybe cant get up to the college and back or maybe just dont want to leave their own home, well they go online take the classes and can graduate online. Having the choice to take online classes will come in handy when things are just too hard for you in school or situations at home keep you from being able to go out. So in conclussion having online classes is beneficial to all and keeps people learning where ever theey go making life just a little easier,online classes go at your pace and keeps you close to family and at home where you feel best at making learning even more enjoyable. 