The modern day schools offers online schooling to students but, does the students really benefit from it? Classroom learning is better than online schooling because of how it benefits the students in the long run. Classroom learning gives the chance to have activities and give better opportunities for the student and even the teachers. Some students learn better by online conferencing and learning through the computer but other students might not feel as comfortable doing that.

Classroom learning can give the student better opportunities to students various different ways. The first way is how a students can socialize with his or her peers throughout the day. Many kids today lack the social skills needed to make friends or even in the long run of getting a job. Further adding on to that subject the average kid talks to his friends at least once a day but if the students takes online schooling it takes the whole socializing aspect away. Another way is participating for athletics. Some Students in this modern day love sports, as a student myself I love to play sports in my free time. If your student takes online schooling you take that chance to be on one of the sports teams that your school provides. Finally the last reason is that the teacher can help the student, the teachers and the students are the most important people in schooling today. If a student takes online schooling and is having a problem with a subject, what happens if the student can't get in touch with the teacher? The student is stuck without help on the subject the need. Another scenario is what if the student is having internet problems and can not get his lesson or his work that he needs? The student is once again stuck in the same situation of not being able to complete the schoolwork he needs.

In modern day society the world is very technological, we use at least one electronic device a day like a phone, computer, an etc. Students might not be able to afford the technology needed for his or her class, and that causes tension in the modern day of learning. Some students can't learn on the computer, or they don't even like it. Online schooling creates so many factors of problems on the education of the student. Certain students are able to have online learning but in most cases classroom learning is the best option for the student. Online schooling would effect the schooling drastically.

Online schooling causes ripples in schooling today. It creates more work and stress for the teacher because she has to conference and help student by student instead of teaching the class is a whole. It doesnt benefit the teacher or even the students, it just causes a factor of problems in the long run. Again certain students might learn better online and prefer it but not every student should have that. Online schooling could effect teacher's jobs at schools and effect the learning of the students. Once again the benefits of classroom learning out weighs the benefits of online schooling.

Finally my standpoint of online schooling is that its doesn't have the benefits of class learning. Some students prefer to have online but it causes problems in the long run. Have the option to talk to your friends and talk to the teacher in persons are the tip of the ice berg in my standpoint. It truly depends on the students and how she or he feels about the way they learn. But classroom learning gives the student more opportunities than online learning and gives the opportunity to learn social skills needed in the adult world.                           