Dear State Senate,

The Electoral College is insane. There should not be an Electoral College, the vote should be by popular vote for the presidents. People feel less important when they know that there vote does not go to the entire 538 votes. If you are in a democratic state, like Texas, but are republican, then your vote is not going to matter because the votes are just going to go to the democratic president. When looking back in 2000, Gore had more popular votes, yet he lost the election because of the Electoral College. Thats insane that he lost, because more people wanted him to be presidents, yet that is not how the Electoral College works.

With the swing states, they can really hurt one of the presidents. Lets say Florida, for example, is very close in which president is going to be voted for. That is 29 votes just from that state! If you eliminate the Electoral College, it will be more balanced and that will not make or break one of the presidents. The presidents do not bother with the states that they know they are going to lose, and they do not even visit those states. If we eliminate the Electoral College, then everyone will get to hear from the presidents, and that could give them several extra thousand votes.

Also, the less populated states, like Wisconsin with only 3 votes, feel like they are not important toward the overall votes. If there was no Electoral College, then there 500,000 votes would be a huge boost toward either president. When voting for president, the voters do not even vote for the president! They vote for the state of electors who vote for the president. Who knows if the electors will lie and represent the Democrats or Republicans and then vote for the other side.

Finally, I leave you with my last reason of why we should get rid of the Electoral College. More people in the United States want a popular vote instead. Even Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Bob Dole think we should. 60% of the United States would prefer a direct election!!! That is a direct message to you that we need to get rid of the Electoral College and start using a popular vote!

I hope you consider these changes to the voting system, as I have listed some of the best reasons. The majority of the country would like to see these changes take affect, not just me. I appreciate the consideration, thank you.    