Many around the world are limiting car usage and beginning to use other sources of transportation. Cars cause polution and tension to people everywhere. If citizens begin to limit car use and walk, bike or use public transportation instead, people will be much happier and the environment will be too. Citizens of America and Europe are already trying to cut down on driving and limit the excess polution to our environment. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..." (Duffer, 14).

Cars cause a great portion of polution to our environment. If citizens of countries around the world limit car usage, then the envirnment we live in will become more safe and less poluted. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive ares in the United States," (Rosenthal, 5). Since most cars use gasoline and diesel, they are emitting poisonous gases into the air, this could cause smog. By limiting car usage there will be a positive outcome on our envirnoment. "It will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the envirnoment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants," (Rosenthal, 34).

In Bogota, Columbia, there is a day set to be car-free, which allows millions to use sources of transportation other than cars. "Millions of  Columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday," (Selsky, 20). By walking, biking, or using public transpotation citizens around the world and even in America, can get around using a car. When driving to work, you can encounter traffic jams, or wrecks, but by using a bike or by walking, you can bypass the stress. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," (Rosenthal, 3).

If fellow citizens around the world limit the use of cars, then our environment will be less poluted as well as, less stressful. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," (Selsky, 24). Even young people are limiting the usage of cars. "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009..." (Rosenthal, 41). Take the initiative, and decrease polution and stress by limiting the use of cars.                                                                                 