Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis.

In essay form, explain if drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Quality essays will consist of an introduction, thesis statement, distinct body paragraphs, smooth transitions and a sound conclusion.

Adhere to the standards of formal English - free of grammar and mechanical errors (proofread well).

Finally, be certain that the writing is entirely your own words.

Introduction:

Hook: cell phones are dangerous

Topic Sentence: I believe cell phones should not be used while operating a vehicle

Thesis Statement: Using a cellphone while driving can lead to an accident, ticket, and going to jail.

Ending the paragraph: Drivers should drive more safely to avoid themselves and others from getting hurt.

1st paragraph

Topic Sentence: If drivers stop using a cell phone while operating a vehicle, there would be less accidents.

Point: Accidents can cause incident people to die, get injured, and cars to be totaled.

Example: For instance, last year one of my friends got into an accident because she was on her cellphone texting her friend. She ran into the back of another vehicle and damage the front of her car. The person's car she hit, suffered back injuries from the accident. Also, my friend's car ended up totaled.

Explain: Drivers can prevent having an accident using cellphones while driving, by paying attention to the road and waiting to use their cellphones. These are two ways drivers can be safe and prevent accidents.

2nd Paragraph

Topic Sentence: Secondly, drivers can receive a ticket for using a cellphone while operating a vehicle.

Point: drivers need to be more cautious of the consequences they can receive using a cellphone while operating a vehicle.

Example: The consequences you can receive using a cellphone, while operating a vehicle is a ticket, the driver's vehicle could get towed, and possibly time in jail.

Explain: These consequences can be very costly. The driver could end up paying over $1,000 dollars in fees. The driver would have to pay their ticket they received. Also, they might have to pay a lawyer if they license get suspended. Next, the driver will have to pay the fee When the driver attends court they might have to pay fees over $1,000 dollars.

If you receive the consequence of ticket you got to go to court. If you receive the consequence of your car getting towed you will have to go up to the tow shop and come out of pocket to pay to get your car out. If you receive the consequence of going to jail you will be wasting your freedom, when you can be in the world doing something else productive.

3rd Paragraph:

Point: driver need to drive with cautions of others and they self.

Example: When people drive with cautions driving is so much better, because people would be so scared to get one of those consequences that they will stay off they cellphones until they make it to their disination.

Explain: cellphones distract people when they driving, because people are quick to check they phone instead of the road. Its very easy to get distracted from driving and that one of the biggest distraction while driving. People don't understand that you don't have to check your phone every time it rings or ding. Everything will be just great with this no cellphone hand free law.

4th Paragraph:

Point: Drivers need to be more safe while driving with a cellphone.

Example: Driver that drive with a cellphone get distracted on what is really going in front of them. Drivers text and make videos when they driving. When people drive with a cellphone they the get distracted from the alerts they get from people,but its because we gotta get use to the new law.

Explain: The hands free law is to avoid people from being on they cellphones while operating a vehicle. The law got approve because a lot of people got into accidents for being on there cellphones while operating a vehicle. I am kind of happy the approved this law because people in Georgia do not know how to drive.

5th Paragraph

Reintroduce Thesis Statement: Using a cellphone while driving can lead to an accident, ticket, and going to jail.

Closing: Once people realize that the police are not about to play about this hands free law, that when they going to stop. i still see people on they phones and not pay attention to the road because they on there phones.         