The use of the Facial Action Coding System technology to read the emotional expressions of students or a singular student, is and could be very valuable. This technology could help teachers with finding out if a student in their classroom may be depressed, anxious, worried, confused, etc. In the passage it states that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming bored or confused." In the passage it also states that "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This technology could help teacher's drastically with figuring out what lessons students are struggling the most with and what they can change to make there lessons slightly easier and more effective. F.A.C.S technology could not only possiably help improve students grades and comprehension of the material they are learning, but also help in my personal opinion could drastically with school shootings. If the teachers had the Facial Action Coding System in their classroom's then they could possiably save a child's life. Being able to see if a child/student is depressed or not could greatly benefit the saftey of schools. It could also help teachers recognize that a student in their class is struggling and they can get the student/students the proper help they need, which could possibly help prevent a student from taking their own life. In conclusion, the use of the Facial Action Coding System technology to read the emotional expressions of students in the classroom is valuable because it could help teachers get students who may be depression, the proper help they need which could possibly prevent a child from taking their own life. The technology could help teachers see if a student in their classroom is forcing a "fake" smile to hide that they are upset, anxious, worried, depressed, etc. Or if te student is truly happy and has a genuine smile. This technology could greatly possibly help techers learn what they need to spend more time working on in the classroom. This could also help the teachers learn what they could modify in their lesson plans to make them slightly easier for there students. With this is in mind, the F.A.C.S tecnology use in the classroom could ultimately help not only the students but the teachers, paraprofessionals, subsitute teachers, etc. It could help improve students test scores and overall learning environment. 