The use of driveless cars can be defined as a statement of stupidity in your world today. They are not the way to the future as what this article say it is. All people need to have complete contorl of the wheel at all times. We learned that at a very young age and it needs to stick with us.

My position on this blanketed idea is that we in America should not have this type of car. There are many reasons for this ordeal. In the use of a drivelss car, many people would think to not even have to worry about driving the car since it can do it by themselves. So what happens if the car malfuncitons and the driver is asleep, then what happens, a crash, a death. That is a one reason on why we should not have these cars.

Another reason would be, the income and cost on these cars. The article doesn't state this material, but in order to make these cars so that they are drivelss, it would cost a lot more money than making an ordinary car. And the manufature has to sell it, so people are going to spend a lot more money than they have to on a car that they can drive by themselves. The money is not worth the risk.

Also google has stated that the car is not in complete control, a driver in needed. So, by this statement if a driver is needed then why do we need drivless cars if a driver is needed. Do we need them so people can text and call when they please, we have bluetooth cars for those situations. Also GM has pointed that, that in order for a car to be in complete control of the wheel, it needs roads that can read it's binary code. The government will not settle for any smart-road system because of how much it would cost.

The best reason out of all of them would be, who would be responsible for the crash, the car or the driver. If there were no such thing as driverless cars, then the situation would be taken care of right away, there would be no contraversy. Since now that we have these cars the quesiton is thrown up into the air, was the driver driving at the time of the crash, or was the car in it's automotive estate. In later days, this brings up court ruling and huge contraversy in which no one wants to be apart of. Just another good reason why we should't have driverless cars.

These cars today, that the world is making, that are driveless are absolutly dangerous in lives of the people. Injuries could come way to often with malfuntions inside the vehicle. Also the cost of roads and the car itself is extremely high. No one wants to pay for that unless your rich. And also, contraversy between the car and the human involving a crash would bring up big headlines. The world needs to stay with a human driving a car. It is safer, less expensive, and also easier to handle by the law. 