In a world where technology is rapidly advancing by the day, it is no surprise that the develoment of self-driving cars is taking place.

At the same time, it is also no surprise that there are hurdles that must be jumped over in order to devleop these machines.

In spite of the roadblocks the development process may encounter, it is important that self-driving cars become a reality.

When thinking about inventions, one must think, why are these things invented in the first place?

The answer is simple: convenience.

For almost any invention that can be thought of, it can be concluded that the main purpose of the invention is to make our lives easier.

The car is a percect example of this. It makes long distance travel easier and much quicker than on foot or by horse.

However, the act of driving a car is a dangerous one.

A person is basically driving a 2,000 pound hunk of metal that is hurdling at fast speeds down a road.

Frankly, there is nothing safe about that idea.

However, if cars were self-automated, automobile travel would be much safer, as it takes the human error out of the equation, reducing accidents and mishaps on the road.

Though the car would be self-driving, a human would be needed in case of an emergency situation, in which the car would not be able to function properly.

As stated in the 7th paragraph of the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" , BMW has already tried its hand at self-automated cars, and have developed a system in which the car drives itself, but requires a person's hands to be on the wheel at all times, in case of an emergency.

This way, the driver would not be totally at the mercy of the computer system in the car in the time of emergency where human intervention is necessary.

Some may say that if self-driving cars were to be a common finding in life, roads and driving laws would need to be changed considerably.

For example, in most states (save for California, Nevada, Florida, and Washington D.C.), testing self-driving cars is not even legal.

These people are right, but it is not a reason to deter the development of these machines.

When the automobile first came to market at the turn of the 20th century, roads fit for automobile travel and driving laws in general did not exist, as there had not been cars before that.

Nowadays, we have highly sophisticated driving laws and road systems.

This shows that it is not impossible to create new laws to deal with new technology as it is invented, and subsequently integrated into modern society.

Car companies such as Tesla, Audi, and Mercedes-Benz have plans to release self-driving cars in the future. However, it is important that the development of self-driving cars continues, as it is a vital and necessary step in technological progression that should occur.

Not only would it make driving a safer and less stressful act, it is just a logical progression as far as technology and innovation is concerned.

It would usher in a new era of innovation, that could only make our lives better.

After all, is that not the point of any invention?