Technology now and days can be very amusing and fun to play with such as an, I phone or any phone generally but now it's getting to the point where it's becoming a weapon. These past years a lot of teenagers were killed because of people using their phones while driving. Most people think they know how to text and drive but they don't. I don't think people should use their phones and drive even if they think they know how to, anything can happen in a split second.

Texting & driving is more debilitating to your reaction time than driving while under the influence of alcohol. As crazy as it sounds its true people tend to crash more likely while using a device and driving than under the influence. We are so focused on social media or other people texting us that most of the time we aren't paying attention to the road. Even if you're at a red light and you use your phone your still most likely to crash because of the fact of the fact that you're not aware when the light turns green. If you simply cannot resist the urge to check messages or talk on the phone while driving, take the time to pull off of the roadway and park your vehicle before picking up your cell phone.

Driving other people in your vehicle is a huge responsibility, which most of teenagers take that lightly. Sending or reading a text message while driving puts your passengers lives at a significantly higher risk of being involved in an accident while riding in your vehicle. Could you live with the fact that your decision to pick up your phone while Driving someone to suffer a life-lasting injury or be killed? Humans are smaller and less noticeable than vehicles making it more likely of you seeing a pedestrian in your peripheral vision while looking at your phone.

In most states texting and driving is illegal but people don't care and continue doing it. If you are caught by the police using your mobile device and obtaining a vehicle at the same time, most likely you're going to get a couple hundred dollars fine. Looking at a message that says "ok" isn't worth getting in trouble with the law.                                            