"Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to understand Venus would need to get up close and personal despite the risks". This is just one of the the examples that the author uses to support the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents.

The author is clear when he describes Venus being an important planet to discover. In the text, it says "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our sloar system". They also state, "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters". The author is giving background on Venus and how Earth-like it used to be. This is the important part of Venus in the article that the author is describing.

Next, the author makes sure to describe the dangerous part of Venus too. For example, he says "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere". The author is describing that Venus is a very dangerous planet to discover. As in the texts, it says "...temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet". He aslo describes previous missions to Venus, stating "...since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Maybe this issue explains why not a single spaceship has touched down on Venus in more than three decades". This is more evidence that the author supports the idea of studying Venus despite the dangers.

In conclusion, the author does a excellent job supporting the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presnts. The author supports this idea with evidence from the text. He concludes his idea at the end by stating, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expaned to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation".     