Must all students participate in at least 1 extracurricular activity? Some schools make their students participate in at least 1 extracurricular activity whether the students want to or not, the students don't really have a say. I disagree, students shouldn't have to participate in at least 1 extracurricular activity. The principle might just want to help the students so that they can get into a good college or just into a good school in general. There are many reasons as to why students shouldn't be made to take an extracurricular activity. Some reasons as to why students shouldn't be made to take an extracurricular activity is simply because they might not have time, their parents may not want them to, and they might just not be interested in extracurricular activities at the moment.

Having to take an extracurricular activity is a big responsibility in a way. Students might not have time because just like anybody else they also have a life outside of school and they have things that they need to do everyday. They might need to watch their siblings while their parents are at work, also they have homework for almost every class and apart from that they still have to do chores around the house. The students might really want to do a sport or join a club or maybe even do both but they might not be able to. The reason being is because they would then have to go after school so that they can go to practice for a sport or meet up with the other people from the club. There's a specific time you have to be there and if you can't make it you might get kicked out of the club or sport or any other extracurricular activities.

Not having enough time might not be an issue but maybe their parents just dont want them to participate in anything. There are many reasons as to why this can happen, the student might get hurt really easily if its a sport or maybe even by doing simple everyday things, their parents might not be able to take them back to school when school is over because they might not have transportation, the parents could even possibly think that its dumb. There are many more reasons as to why their parents might just not want them to join a club or a sport or even just an after school class. The parents have their reasons because it's their child and they want to do what's best.

Lastly the student might just not want to do anything at the moment. They get a lot to do in school and they still get homework, then when they get home they might just want to relax. They might be thinking about doing sports or something else this upcoming year but just not now. students get really stressed with all the work that they get that they might just not want to add more stress by having one more thing to worry about. maybe they are military and they might have to move to a whole different place where they don't know anyone so they want to take a year off to get to know some people before they start joining anything.

Students shouldn't be made to take an extra curricular activity because they simply might not have time, their parents might just not want them to, or they might just not want to take any extracurricular activities at the moment. They should be able to have a choice of whether they want to take an extracurricular course or not. Students shouldn't have to do more than they have to if they really just don't want to or if they can't. Students are trying their very best in school so they shouldn't be made to take an extracurricular activity if they don't have to.