Getting from point A to point B seems like such a big issue when youre in your teens, having to rely on everything else to get where you need to go. Some of us don't know how beneficial it is to not even have a car to worry about. Millions of Americans get in their car each morning to go to school, work, or to the store, but how much could you really save if you stopped relying on your own vehicle all together? It seems harder than it is but the effects are worth it.

Just owning a vehicle, not even driving it, puts a big dent in your monthly pay check with the insurance and paying off the car. Then add all of the gas money, repairs, and possible tickets, you got yourself a load of cash that you could be saving or spending on something else. Just imagine a life where you have deleted your personal transportation for a week. In source one like Heidrum Walter noticed, "When i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way." It would take a load of off your shoulders, allow you to be less stressed and able to worry about more important things. On top of making your life a tad easier its one more person contributing to the Earth, taking away air pollution.

Multiple cities around the world are having days throughout the year to give up personal transportation, and some places banning it all together. As source three stated, in Bogota, Columbia, "It was the third staight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million." Not even the rain had stopped them from participationg. The fewer vehicles on the streets, means a better environment for everyone.

Studies have shown that Americans are buying and recieving less cars and liscense each year. With unemployment at a high rate and many families still in and recovering from poverty, it's too much money and stress for a lot of people. From source four, "If the pattter persists-and many sociologists believe it will-it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second larget source of America's emissions, just behing power plants." Something as simple as limiting our time spent in our cars could benefit the world so greatly, especially with global warming taking a toll quicker.

It may seem difficult at first but it is defiantly duable and effecient to put away vehicles all together, or atleast more often. Cell phones and all the new apps make it easier to communicate with friends, enabling car pooling and to maximize the fuel spent to speak to others. Gathered from source one, "Passenger cars are respnsible for up to 50% of greenhouse gas emissions in some car-intensive areas in the United States." That in its self should be enough to get you out on your feet to lessen the gas that's being emitted.    