Dear U.S Senator,

Every four years on the first tuseday in November we the citizens of the Unites States Of America vote for the next persident to be in office. As you already know for this to happen the they must have all the Electoral College or Election popluar vote. Which is not how elcetions should be conducted. It should only be based off of popular votes.

Voters do not ways have control as to whom their electors vote for. Sometimes it can be anyone not holding public office. In the second sourse titled

The Idefensiable Electoral College it states, " Who are electors? they can be anyone not holding public office. Who picks the electors in the first place? It depends on the state. Sometimes state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committe, sometimes the presidential candidates themselves." This indicates that voters have dont really have control. The electoral college votes has many reason for being unfair to voters, and the winner-take-all is one of many. Line thirteen of the second sourse, it states "the electoral college is unfair. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state" this indicates that candidates did not and will not spend time in states there they won't win votes. They focus on larger states to gain there votes. It has been said

" the electoral college is unfair, outdated and irrational."

With this Electoral vote should be eliminated from the final vote. With the popular votes the elcetion can be a fair race to presidence

Bob Dole stated

" Abolish the electoral college!"

. There are many reasons why elcetoral college should be abolished. But In the defence of The electoral votes this can be the tie breaker. If the candidates come to a tie in popular votes The electoral votes will establish which one recieved the most electoral college votes. But this should only be used in case of a tie in popular votes. "Elcetoral votes is a lack of democratic pediagree." Within no region is there enough electoral votes to elect a president. A candidate with regional appeal isn't like to secced the presidency because the other regions will feel excuded. the region will feel as if the president doesn't not care for there interest. People believe that wil the elcetoral votes their votes will have no effect. In the section " run off elections it states "

they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would if the president were to picked by popular vote..."

This implies with the electoral college is not fair because voters vote and their vote has no effect on the election, because its based off of the electoral college. And this isnt fair!

To Solve this problem there should be absolutly no more electoral votes during elcetion. All ecetions should be based off of popular votes. you have the power to correct this issue so i should be done. Electoral votes dont give a fair chances. With that being said Elctoral votes should be elinimated from voting the next president.

Thank you for your time Senator.                    