Texting and Driving

The risk of texting and driving is a big risk, you take 20-35 seconds to look, type, and deliver a message while operating a vehicle going at a fast pace which could potentially hit anyone or anything under those few seconds leaving the driver and them hurt or possibly even dead. It is said that in the United States around 1 out of 10 people are killed by distracted drivers everyday because they choose to put their attention towards texting instead of focusing on the wheel. In today's society mostly everything is run off by technology and its how nowadays we communicate with one another, but there are moments when it is necessary to put down your devices and it's when you are driving a vehicle.

There are many methods on preventing texting and driving and one is simply just putting your device down and not use it when behind the wheel. Another way to prevent texting and driving is using a cell phone stand which prevents you from looking down at your phone but instead having the phone next to your view of the road. If anybody else is in the car let they should wield the device while the driver is operating the vehicle and let them know if any important notifications appear. These methods just take very little time so they can prevent a risk of taking the driver's life or anybody who is at risk of being a victim of a distracted driver.

It is believed to say people are more likely to die in a car crash by a distracted driver rather than a driver who is drunk or under the influence of marijuana. Even if that is to be said, there are still people that are confident enough to multi-task and risk the chances yet they don't know their reaction time is slow as an elderly due to them paying attention to several things at once which causes a commotion in the brain.

Phone companies such as AT&T have tried preventing these kind of things by starting a campaign and having traffic signs say things to prevent drivers from being on their phones while driving. These acts help prevent accidents and possibly reduce accidents in the future.

1            