Being a student for quite sometime, I can honestly say that school hours are way too early for a developing mind like mine to obtain and learn information from numerous subjects. Not only that, but students and teachers have to walk, ride their bike, and drive to school under harsh and unsafe weather conditions. Most teachers have to get out of bed and get to the school building a whole hour or two before students, which means driving or commuting before sunrise. All of those safety irregularities can easily be prevented by going to school online or by video conferencing. It can be incredibly beneficial for not only students, but teachers as well.

Having a scheduled time to learn will give both teachers and students the benefactor. Teachers can teach while relaxing in bed, while students can learn and take care of the little ones. No more 5am alarm clocks, no more mom and dad pulling you out your bed, and no more missing the bus or being late to school. Students can eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner without waiting for some dismissal bell. Online school may even be extended to some partial extent of the weekend to give longer summer breaks perhaps. Teachers would benefit by not having students skip their class, not doing their work, and flunking. There is no doubt that grades would surely improve, and more and more parents would be sending there kids off to college. Teachers would actually seem to be getting paid really well considering they're working from home and not in some really cold or really hot classroom. Rain or shine, wet or dry, students can grow to be great without even stepping out the door.

Now as good as all that sounds, there are of course several inquires to it. Students would have no excuse to be absent or tardy to class since " class " is sitting at their desktop. If your sick, your learning about JFK. If it's snowing, your learning about the World Wars. If your going on a road trip, your studying for or even taking your tests and exams. Bottom line, unless your on your death bed, your learning someway somehow regardless of the situation because school is now available digitally. Of course Christmas, Thanksgiving, Winter and Spring Break, and few other holidays would still be in effect, but other than that, your going to be learning about something for 7- 8 continuous hours. With online school, students unfortunately would never get the actual high school experience like sitting in the desks, going through million of pencils, and making friends. Online school would limit students social education, which can severely hurt them in the long run. It's very crucial that students interact with one another in person because they're going to be using throughout their lives.

As you can see, going to school online or video conferencing can be incredibly beneficial for students and teachers, but it won't give you the actual school experience with all the textbooks, crayons and loose leaf paper. Distance learning should really be considered in the future since it wouldn't even be possible in the past without computers and smart phones. It could really boost students declining grades and attendance to school. 