I personally, think that it would be a bad idea to use this kind of technology in shools to help students learn. This is mainly because of errors that the computer could make, or other outside factors. If the program makes changes to the lesson due to facial expressions alone, then it would make an unbelievable amount of mistakes. In case you still aren't sure what im getting at ill explain in more detail below.

First lets just ignore the outside factors and I'll talk about just the flaws of it telling emotions based completely off of facial expressions. Im sure that I am not alone in saying that no matter how I'm being taught I will, without a doubt, be bored. If It detects this then it will try to switch to a way of teaching that it thinks that I will enjoy. The problem, however, comes when I'm bored with that way as well. Because it would keep switching, it would be almost impossible to learn anything due to the program changing how the lesson is tought every five minutes.

Now lets ignore the problems with the facial recognition not working properly, and focus on the outside factors that would make putting this in our schools a disaster. Lets say that you hate a the way it is currently teaching the lesson. Then out of nowhere you see PROPER_NAME over in the corner fall out of his chair and smile, meanwhile your computer is sitting there thinking, "Oh boy,

the human really likes it when I teach this way!" and decides to teach like that more often. Well now that kid is stuck learning that way until the program can take a hint and change it. Now lets explore the opposite effect. Lets say that the program has been doing an amazing job teaching you, but your cat died yesterday so you are verry sad. The Program now thinks that it is doing a bad job teaching you and decides to cross that method of teaching off of the list and try another one. Now you aren't learning as well as you could be otherwise.

In conclusion, I think that it would be a horrible idea to utilize this technology in our school systems. With even one of the errors that I mentioned it would be a bad idea, but with both of them happening at once they would practically be destroying the students' educations.