1/24/11

Dear Principal of SCHOOL_NAME,

You know you have heard what kids have been saying right, about if we should be required to do community service or not? Well I have friends that support both sides of the issue, and they are constantly bickering at one another, and is just want that to stop. So before you read this letter think to yourself, should i make kids do community service ? Well after you read this letter, your decision will most likely be yes, i should make kids do community service.

As I stated up top, i think you should make us do community service, even if we don't want to. One reason why you should make us do community service is so that we know kind of what we want to be when we grow up. By doing community service, it opens up opportunities, and different choices that we never knew we had. So say someone has their mind set on being a professional athlete, but then gets the urge to be a firefighter? Then he can do community service to see if that urge to be a firefighter was a legitimate idea.

Doing community service also builds a person's character. I say this because what if someone was mistreated all of there life, wrong place at the wrong time, you know what I mean. So community service lets those type of people get away from their life, and help other people's, thus resulting in building character, and thus further resulting in a changed person for the rest of their life

In conclusion, I am for making kids do community service. I am for this for a few reasons. My first reason for this is to make kids figure out what path they are going to be headed down in life, and maybe even change that path to a better one. Another reason is that community service builds character, and it can also result in the changing of somebody's whole entire life. So after you read this letter, I hope you can see deep down inside your heart that making kids do community service is only a good thing. And I am sick and tired of hearing my friends argue all the time. So if you are going to make a decision, I think almost everyone at are school would hope that you would make a decision sooner rather than later. So i guess also see you at school Mr. Principal.

From,

STUDENT_NAME