"Join the Seagoing Coboys program" I yell.

A guy walks up to me and says "Why would I want to Join?' he asks.

"Well you can see many places in the world from a boat out at sea. You also help animals get transported safely to and from countrys around the world."

" I think you would like this job if you like animals, and if you are a farmer because the animals are farm animals and farmers know a lot about them,"

"I was working at a bank and a groccery store and my friend Don had invited me to do this job and I accepted it becasue I knew it would be a opportunity of a life time."

"why would I want to this job... I am not a farmer and I don't like animals that much?" said the guy.

"Well do you like being on boats?"

I have never been on a boat." said the guy "you should take the job the because there are so many things you get to see and if you have never been on a boat befor e it would be fun i love doing it." I say.

"What do the boats look like?"

he asked. "Well they are really big." I say.

"how big" he asked

"Um... [I couldn't find the right sized thing] lets say about the size of the base of that building over there." "WOW, that's big" he said in exitement. I could see he wanted to do the job and then he didn't. "So do you want to join the program?" I ask. "Sure I just want to ask one last question... do we get breakfast, lunch, and dinner breaks?" "Well yes we need meals to do all the work on the boat so yes."

I take the next guy who wanted to join. "Hi" I said "whats your name?" "Paul" he responded with "Hey Paul how you doing, oh yea I forgot I am Luke, Luke Bombomberger?"

I asked. "Good." he responded. "So, do you want to join the Seagoing Coboys program?" I ask "I think so, but I do have a couple conserns." he said.

"Great what are they?" I ask. 'Well i want to know if I get to see my family often?" he asked "You will get to see your family once a month is that ok?" I ask. "I Guess so."

"what of your other conserns?" "well I guess I only had one so, i'll sign up." "Thanks for coming" I say just as he walked out the door"

"Hello" i say to the next person. "Hi" he said in a grumpy voice.

"Do you want to sign up?"

"NO my mom jsut told me to come and look for a job and said I might like this one but i hate boats,and i also hate animals goodbye!" "wow that guy was rude." I say. i was done for the day talking and agruging with people "bye."