Our solar system has always been something that humans can not fully comprhend; the concept of infinitety, space, and even other life forms. Through human curosity, we have made progression and answered many of our own questions about space, but we have yet to learn about the endevors of Venus, the ¨ Evening Star¨. Because of it's rough conditions, it has brought many challenges to scientist, but despite them all, many people believe that Venus is worthy the pursuit.

Venus has been know as the Earth's ¨twin¨ for many years. It has many harsh conditions such as the temperature, atmospheric pressure, and clouds that contain sulfuric acid. These are conditions that are far too extreme for any human to handle. According to the passage, ¨, such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our ocean and would liquefy many metals.¨( Paragraph 3). If such hard conditions, why would scientist even want to go to Venus? With powerful earthquakes, erupting volcanoes, and frequent lightning strikes, how would this benefit human science?

According to the author of ¨The Challenge of Exploring Venus¨, astronomers are facinated by Venus because at one point in time, it was probably the most similar planet to Earth. Scientist believe that Venus was once covered by large oceans that could have supported numerous life forms remensient to Earth. From the information we have gathered, Venus has similar surface features to Earth, such as valleys, craters, and mountians. The questions futher about future missions to Venus- how can astronomers construct a plan that will safely bring humans back home while receving worthy information?

NASA has been trying to solve this problem for a long time. They have found possible soultions such as making devices to have astronuts float above the planet or even upgrade old technology that could with stand these harmful conditions. The author of this passage gave other ways that they are trying to solve this problem. One way would be having some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide that would be able to stand strong in Venus' environment. The author says that this would be a good subsitute for humans because not only has it lasted 3 weeks in chamber stimulations, but we can still gather useful information that scientist can use to make valid objections.

The world we live in is nothing compared to the universe that we live in. Humans have adapted to the earthly conditons that have surrounded us from the begging of time. As time has advanced, human's have advanced with it. Now that we have been able to go to space, we want to know about it all- even the harsh conditions and dangers of it all. The ¨Evening Star¨ is always something that astronomers will be curious about, but with the advancments that we can make from going to this planet, will all the dangers be worth the risk?