A tiresome day of school just ended, but instead of being exhausted, you are exited because your extracurricular activity is about to start. Many students go to school everyday, then leave on the bus, or walk home, until returning the next day. Because a lot of students do that, the majority of them never experience any clubs that the schools works hard to put together. By making students try out a club, they would appreciate what the school has to offer. Principals should require students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it would help students be active in the school, help kids interact with each other, and help students explore some of their interests for the future.

One reason that a school's principal should require students to have to participate in at least one activity after school is so that students become active in the school once the hours of school are done. Students who stay after school for an extracurricular activity participate in some of the schools programs. This leaves a stronger connection from the students to the school. Students can choose out of many clubs offered, and therefore feel as if they found a bigger reason to stay in school. A reason that students should be required to participate in an after school activity is so they are more active in the school.

Another reason that school principal should make kids participate in an after school club is so that kids can interact better with others. When students join a club in school, they meet new kids, ones with similar interests as them. Because of their shared interests, students can form a bond, all because of this club. Kids would also talk with the teachers running each club activity because they have more in common, like a passion for the club. A second reason that kids should have to participate in a extracurricular activity at school is so they learn to interact better with both students and teachers.

Lastly, if a school principal made students join an after school club, students would find and explore some of their interests. Students all have their own interests and hobbies, but to find them, one would have to look. Middle and high school students are at the perfect age to explore passions because they are getting ready to pick a major in college, so they are looking high and low for an idea of what their major will be. By joining a club at your school, students will find some club that pulls at them, inviting them to join. Also, students would have time after school to try new clubs or sports. For example, an interested student could choose to participate in the yearbook committee, or even the SCA. One last reason that students should participate in an after school club is because they can figure out some of their hobbies and passions before college.

In Conclusion, if a school principal required that all students must participate in some after school club, students would become more active around the school, help kids interact with each other, and help students expand their hobbies. A student would have a bigger purpose to stay at school if they had to join a club, giving them a stronger connection to the school. The interactions between students and teachers would be higher because they would have more in common. Finally, students would explore many different career paths for college and have a varied set of interests when participating in after school clubs. Principals, by making your students participate in an extracurricular activity, you help students in a lot of ways, so consider trying out this idea for a better future for your students. 