Students could accomplish more this way because they would be able to finish more work and passing in an area where students fell comfortable, and there wouldn't be any students distracting them or bullying. This is something that should increase grades, passing rates, and success rates for schools. Students would love to stay home and do there school work. They would be able to pace themselves, take breaks, and have fun doing school work. There would be a chermindis rate of success doing school work this way. For most students school work is a hard thing to do because of teachers lechers that last all class, teachers that gives a lot of work in such little time, and student distractions, schools could vanquish this problem letting students do there work at home.

Students in schools are influenced buy other students getting the off trike of there real goal doing work. The influence that other students have that attracts others is ridicules. Students working at home won't have this problem at all including bullying. Schools all over have bullying but with students doing work at home would decrease the problem at hand. Working at home would end students being distracted not getting there work done and being bullied it would help them pass and succeed.

Students working at home is a different feeling than school. Doing your work at school would make you tense and drowsy with these traits students wouldn't be able to work at there full capacity. Students working at home would help them focus better on there work. It would benefit them in the long run and they could pace them self anyway they want to. In school there always a time limit for your work but doing it in an environment were you fell relaxed, calm, and focus would not only help them pass but help them reach there goals.

In conclusion, Students working at home would give the a better vibe than school. There is nothing wrong working at school but students would accomplish a lot more at home with know distractions or bullies lurking around. Working at home would avoid all of that and help the student focus at there task at hand                                                                                                                                               