Cars can be a good thing or a bad thing. They're good in the way that they help you get from point A to point B quicker then you normally would, but overall they're bad for the enviroment. This is why limiting car usage can have many advantages to it. Not only will it help reduce pollution, but it can also help you get closer to people in the community and even the world and overall it makes the world a better safer place.

Limiting car usage helps to reduce pollution in the world. An example of this is Paris banning driving do to smog, yet getting rid of the ban cause eventually the smog cleared up (Source 2). This provides proof that by limiting car usage we can reduce and prevent some pollution. Additionally by limiting we'll be making the world a lot less polluted especially if people were to follow Paris's example and put a temporary ban on cars to reduce pollution. And considering just Paris having and it helping them reduce pollution, it'd be safe to say having a temporary ban on all cars around would have a huge impact on the world  and the pollution.

Something else that would be an advantage of limiting car usage is getting closer to people around the world. The reason being the is fact you and other people would be more obligated to use walking or bikes as a means of transportation. And by doing that you'd be seeing other people more often in turn allowing for more chances to talk to and get to know others. An example to help support this is that (source 3) they say how in Bogota, Columbia they had a car-free day and even though it raining it didn't stop people from participating. They also mention how a guy named Carlos Arturo said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife.

Also in limiting car usage it'd make the world a better,safer and more manageable place. To begin with there wouldn't be as much car accidents or danger of being hit by a car. Additonally it would probably make people feel more relaxed and happy. An example to back this up would be when Heidrun Walter said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,...".

In conclusion limiting car usage has many advantages to it. From reducing pollution, to getting closer to people around the world, to making the world a safer,better, and more manageable place.    