Dear Florida Senator,

I believe that we should not have the Electoral College no more. We are giving people false hopes that there vote counts when it really does not. We see on TV ads that we should vote and let our voices be heard but when in reality it is not. Didn't Lincoln once say "A nation founded by the people for the people by the people..."  he was saying that we should let people have a a voice in everything that happens in America, but we can not even have a voice in who we wanted as president.

We give all the power to the Electoral College but not to the people. In 2000 Al Gore won the popular votes but lost the presidency. What type of system is this where we vote for who we want  but get who we do not want. What the whole reason to vote if the Electoral College vote is more important then our. Beside voting for the president we want we vote for the slate of electors who elect the president. We don't even know who these mysterious Electoral College are they can vote for a president just because he is in the Democratic Party,we have no ideas why.

In 2000 we had the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse when it came to Electoral College. "Consider that state legislatures was technically responsible for the picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency. The people vote was not heard in that year,because they wanted Al Gore respresenting by the Democratic Party but we got Geroge W. Bush. I have never heard of a more unfair voting system before. Where were our rights the freedom of speech then, it was no where to be found. I feel that voting for who never we want should be in the Bill of Rights. So it okay to a gun for safety in our bag but itnot okay to vote for what we want.

On most basic level, the Electoral College is unfair to voters, because of the winner-take-all-system in each state. Some candidates do not spend that much time in states they know they have no chance of winning. In 2000 campaign, seventeen states did not get to see Geroge Bush or Al Gore these states were Rhodes Island with 3 electoral votes and South Carolina with 9 electoral votes. Candidates mostly only visit the states with the most like Florida with 29 and Texas with 38. They do not care about the other states they only care about who have the most electoral votes.

Each party selects slate of electoral they trust to vote for the party nominee and they have rarely been betrayed. It is could be true that the winner of electoral  vote will not win base off of the national popular vote. But it is most likely not to happen again like in 2000 when Al Gore had more popular votes then Bush. The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. So no Electoral can have a solid favorite they must vote on who would most likely chance America for the better.

But if the Al Gore vs. Bush happen once what stop it for happening again the reason why it happen was because we had Electoral College so to stop it. We Must stop it.

Florida state Senator as much of a good idea it is to have at some point in time it will go wrong. All good things, have bad endings. So I think it better to stop it now before things for the wrongs like Americans just stop voting becasue we all know our votes do not mean a thing when it come to Electoral College votes.            