Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Should these summer projects be teacher-desdigned or students-designed?

These summer projects should be student-designed for varies reasons such as, engagment, vaction, and lastly, confidence.

Students during the summer have many things to worry about like having a job, looking after siblings or even their mental health and the last thing on their mind is a techer-designed project. The projects given throughout the summer should be student-designed becuase it allows the student to be engaged. The student will be more engaged because it is a topic that they want to learn about and being engaged shows that the student is willing to learn and is very intrested in his or her own topic. Typically, when a teacher assigns a project to a student, the student isn't very pleased and with that being said, it could affect the amount of effort and the desire that the students puts into actually learning.

Secondly, these projects also need to be student-designed because of summer experiences. During the summer, alot of students grow. Vaction plays a big role in the students growth and development, as the students travel they pick up more and more knowledge, which expands their knowldege and could possibly change thier perception of things, making it easier for them to have better ideas and to do well on their summer projects.

Lastly, student-designed projects over break leads to confidence. Because the student has had the freedom of choosing what he or she wants to learn about, it just makes it easier for the students to showcase their work with pride. Pride meaning, showing that the student has learned and is more than comfortable to enlighten others. To have confidence about what you have put alot of time into and worked on is an important skill to develop because the student will surely use it some other time in their lifetime.

In conclusion, these summer projects should be student-designed because it will surely keep the student engaged in his or her own learning and add a little more excitement to the students vacation because the project is something they are eager to learn and work on. Lastly student-designed projects will help build the students confidence because they know what they are talking about.                                                    