I am very much for the use and development of driverless cars.

It is the only a very sensable and useful step of the progression in technology.

Tomas Edison, inventer of the lightblub, once said, "I did not fail at creating the lightblub 300 times, I just found out how to not make a lightbulb 300 times."

I am using this same understanding against this prompt that was given to me through the State Education Deparment.

Even with the possible risks of developing these self-driven cars, there is still a need to do so in order for the progession of development.

There is a general desire for cars, and this desire creates a extremely large billion dollar market.

Understanding that this market is avalible for retail there will be a most unsquiset interest to develop such market.

This neccessity has already been partically filled by our good friends at Google and, unexpectedly, BMW.

However, the inautorable question still remains unanswered.

Is this need justified?

Of course it is justified, espeicially since the job has yet to be asserted correctly and efficiently. There might be copious amount of insidents on the road in conjested areas such as contruction, but someone might just need to fail three hundred times in order to succeed.

These provoking accidents will be an issue, but they are issues in the future in which will be asserted in the future.

There are as many pros and there is cons in this senario.

the word technology is vaugely defined as something that helps humans.

All we have done in the past million years is creating a atmosphere of better living.

Once these engineers take driving out the picture, it will make life esaier and more efficient.

Some people take a twenty minute drive to school or work every single day, and, assuming they drive back to their ressidense, that is a astounding forty minutes of nothingness that could be put to a more efficient outcome.

It is clear that a few accidents to ingender prefection will be unanswerably accepted if the media does not twist the tale.

This outcome will be certain if we like it or not, because of the excesive demand i explained in paragraph two. However, I will reiterate it becuase of how undeniable the circumstance is.

If humans fight it or not the progession of such driverless cars will be produced.

I am for this exposer and will support it completely in its faults unlike the story of what Peter did to Jesus.