There is multiple different ways you can give someone advice. For example if someone is in trouble, you can give them advice for what they should do about it. You basically get advice from someone everyday. There is so many different types of ways that you can give somebody advice. You can give them bad advice, and good advice. Sometimes people go to multiple different people for their advice. You have to be careful and make sure that you only take the good advice people will try to give you bad advice just because they are mean. So make sure that you always take the good advice. You could go up to someone and get advice and think that it is really good and then get more advice from another person and then realize that the advice that, that person gave you is really bad and you should not use it. If you use the bad advice it could lead to many different problems.

Going to many different people for advice is a good thing to do although it may be a confusing thing to do to pick the right thing to do. Because one person could give you good advice and the next could give you really bad advice now there is a major difference between those two. You never want to take bad advice because that could lead into something really bad.

It is a good idea to get advice from many different people because someone could give you better advice then others. You will have to think which advice is better. You should always take advice from people that you genially trust. Otherwise you may get really bad advice and think that it is good and use it. If you get it from multiple people you may realize that that advice that someone gave you is really bad and that is you use it then you could be in trouble.

For good advice, you can help someone if they are confused or if they are in trouble, you arent always in trouble though a lot of the times that is what advice is used for. You may have someone you like and need advice on someone who has had experience with having a boyfriend or a girlfriend. Or it maybe that you have a test coming up and you are worried and you need advice to not worry. You may not realize how good people are to give you that advice. Without advice everyone would not know what to do. You would need help from someone but you would not have anyone to give you advice. You may not think that you need advice but you are always in need of it.

You have to be careful there is people in the world that will give you bad advice and you may not even know. They could tell you what not to do instead of what to do. There is many ways that this can happen, when people tell you bad advice you may think that it is good advice and you should use it. when someone gives you advice you have to really think and say to yourself, "is this good advice or bad advice." Because you may not think it then but most of the time people try to give you bad advice. For example if you were taking a test and you didn't study and you don't know the answers and someone tells you just to copy of somebody, that is bad advice. You never know if that person actually knows what they are doing, You could get caught by the teacher and then you could get some form of detention, it could be lunch, after school, or it could even be ISS. That is why it is bad advice you may not think it could lead up the that point but most of the time it does.

I think that you should get my point now, how advice could be good or bad.

You should get advice from multiple different people to see what they think about it, what you should do. You get advice everyday even if you don't even know it. But always make sure that it is good advice. I would only take advice from someone that you really trust. I would not go up to people that you just met and ask for advice because they can easily give you bad advice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             