Deal Principal,

Do you not understand how unjust this is? Academics as well as athletics are both very important to a student, but I don't believe that there are enough athletically gifted B averaged children at the school for you to set guidelines like this. Children need a form of expression which can take place in writing and other things closely related to school or in athletics or school clubs.

Who is someone without a name? That is what you are doing here. You are taking somebody's opinion and forms of expression away from them just because they may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer. Many students have a C average. In fact that is the average for most students in our grade, not only in our school but nationally. Is it fair to take away somebody's rights like this? Doesn't it state in our very own Constitution that we are given the right of expression. This is prejudiced by choosing the students you favor more, the ones that make the school look better. Every student takes place in something other than school. Though we spend the majority of our life here; it is not our world. Every student deserves a fair chance.

It is hard to forgive and forget, but everyone deserves a second chance. You have no idea what happens in the homes of these students. Sometimes these after school activities are there only way of escape. Do not cause more distress in their lives. Students need these things to improve as a person. We cannot learn real life skills if all we are familiar with is school. Isn't this what school is for? School is supposed to help us grow as people so we can make it in "the real world".

You were a student once. Can you imagine if out of the blue you were told you could no longer participate in something you loved just because you failed a ONE math test or English exam? What if I told you, you could no longer be principal because you wore brown shoes with a black belt? See how ridiculous it sounds. This is the way you are beginning to be heard by the students. If you want to be truly respected by the students of this school, I would highly suggest not limiting their choices of expression and letting them continue on as we have been over the coarse of many years.

If you feel the need to have restrictions anyways then I suggest a less harsh one. School is hard and people have slip-ups, it can be very challenging to keep a B average. Here's an easy restriction that I am sure nobody would mind. You must attend this school. No ditching class. None of that. It shows you that the student is TRYING to learn and do well in his or her classes. That way they can continue the things they love AND you get the pleasure of saying they are a good student. Thank you for taking this into consideration.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME