Dear senator,

I am not in favor of the electoral college. The electoral college may seem helpful in some ways in terms of voting, but not entirely. Think of it this way; you vote for a specific candidate, but you are voting without knowing entirely whether or not your votes are making a difference because you have no control over who the electors vote for. I believe this system should make modifications.

Our county has already had many problems, and accusations of having a corrupt government. Hearing about the electoral college system, and the fact that as a nation we have almost no power for who is elected, does not help the case of being called "corrupt" or "incorrect". The people as a whole in the United States should be able to vote for the candidate of their choice, without worries. People who specifically vote for someone running for president should either be able to do it themselves, without having to vote for a slate of electors, or, the slate of electors should be more reliable. As in paragraph ten, we cannot always control who the elecotrs cast their vote for. "Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always." Either the electors need to be more reliable in carrying out the requests made by the people of the United States, or we must make modifications to possible change or all together cease use of the electoral college system.

In addition to the fact the American people do not hace full control over who our electors vote for, we do not even have control over who our electors are.

In paragraph eleven, it states that "legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." If you were truly in favor of protecting the rights given to the people of this country, you would notice this system is wrong. No control over our votes,

and no control over the electors? Something must change.

Take into consideration how our country is affected every time a new president is elected. Sometimes this effect is good, others not so much. The popular vote should be able to decide who is elected for president because those who are voting will be effected greatly by the change in presidency. Popular vote means the vote cast the most, the vote submitted most, the vote a large majority presented. The popular vote is always at risk of being defied, and there is nothing the common people of the United States can do about it. There is no action we can take to change the election. In paragraph 16 of the article, it states that "Each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)..." Yes this trust may rarely be betrayed, but it is entirely possible. Just because it does not happen often, does not mean it is impossible...and who knows? What if the trust is betrayed sometimes without our knowledge?

Finally, unless I have not made it entirely clear, I am not in favor of the electoral college system. Trust can always be betrayed, even if it does not happen often it can still happen without our knowledge. The people residing in the United States and under the laws of our country do not have full control on who is elected as president. I am, however in favor of election by popular vote. This means that a state casts its vote based on who the majority has voted for, and I truly believe this would system would best suit our country.                       