America has overweight students in schools, but does that mean the principal should force students to participate in extracurricular activities? Extracurricular activities like sports and clubs might prepare teens for the adult world, but it's hardly necessary. Students should enjoy their life before they need to focus on the responsibilities of being an adult. In my opinion, principals should not do this considering students can be busy, unmotivated, and violent.

Other people don't know what a student needs to handle at their home. Some students babysit siblings while both of their parents are working. Other teens cook, clean, and as a result, may not have time or energy to do an extracurricular activity. Many students can't even complete their homework because of this. Therefore, making the decision to force students to participate in an extracurricular activity is inconsiderate to lower-class families and families struggling with only one parent.

Many teens and children are stubborn and won't try hard at something if they're not motivated. Motivation is very important when doing an extracurricular activity. Students feel more motivated to try harder if they enjoy what they're doing. If a principal forces teens to participate in a sport or a club, they most likely won't want to do it. Some students have mental heath problems and as a result, will lose motivation.

One positive aspect on this decision is that students might make more friends and develop better communication skills. However, teens can be violent towards others and could harm another student. Students also might not make friends if they already have them. Teens and children enjoy spending time with the friends they've already made and when other students are around, they most likely won't interact with them.

In conclusion, students should be able to enjoy their lives. Whether or not they have more responsibilities at home, I believe teens should be able to relax. Forcing students to participate in clubs and sports is an awful idea which should not be put into place.       