Have you ever wished that you could just dropped out of school, but can't because of how much of a necessity education is? Well todays, the dream of getting educated at home is a reality. through the power of the internet, students are able to attend classes at home. Doesn't it sound amazing to go to school without having to deal with people or even go outside? It probably does, but it may be more harmful than good. The majority of students would not benefit from at-home-classes, because it would restrict their access to resources and would make it harder for them to get the help they need.

An important set of skills, that have been slowly dewendling away, are the often neglected social skills. Yes, if students didn't have to go to school, they wouldn't have to deal with bullies, social anxiety, or small tall, but how would that help them in the much harsher adult would. I'm a shy person; It took me up to the 7th grade before I was able to make my first friend, and I still have to warm up to people before I start talking. Even though my skills are still lacking, I appreciate now how much social confiedence I gained from having access to a place full of people my age. If I took at-home-classes, my social skills would've been a lot worse than they are today. The enviorment that is provide at schools is something everyone should have to experience.

A major flaw of online education is the lack of physical reasources that are often provided in schools. How are you meant to do a science experiement without lab equipement? How are you meant to get a good workout without a gym? How are you meant to learn algebra without a calculator? Many students who would be taking at-home-classes would be taking them because of its ease of access, but it doesn't seem very easy to access the chemical needed for a chemistry experiment. Yes, they could just be provided videos of experiments and uses an online calculator for math, but most students learn better with hands-on-experiences. That solution would just be subjecting them to a less effective form of education.

At my school, we are required to take atleast one online class, and I've noticed that many of my peers do not have the self control needed to stay caught up. Even at my school we have a pacing guide and a teacher making sure we follow it, and people still manage to get behind. By taking a classes at home, you are the only person who can keep you on pace, which obviously would require a lot more restraint. It's inevitable that people will tell themselves that "they can do it later," when they feel overwhelmed by work. On top of that, if students don't understand what they're learning, it wouldn't be hard for them to cheat. At-home-classes offer all kinds of temptations to get you off course, and once your off, its a lot harder to get back on track.

The majority of students would not benefit from at-home-classes, because it would restrict their access to resources and would make it harder for them to get the help they need. They wouldn't learn the social skills they needed for the real world, they would be getting a worse education without access to the equipment offered in most schools, and it would be easy for them to get behind without someone helping them. We need to focus more on improving the school system we have now, instead of making it more complicated by adding at-home-classes. Students should continue going to school, because that is what will better ready them for the rest of their life.