Limiting car usage has many advantages. The most important advantage is reducing pollution. Vehicles emit greenhouse gasses from their tailpipe. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse has emissions in Europe.... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States", as said in source one,

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars.

One of the main reasons the pullution is so bad in Europe is because of the diesel fuels. According to Reuters, "Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to 53.3 percent average in the rest of Western Europe. Paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter, Brussels had 114, and London had 79.7. The numbers show that there is a direct correlation between the percent of diesel used, and the amount of pollution in an area.

Limiting car usage also helps cities grow. In Bogota, 118 miles of bicycle paths were constructed. Along with parks and sports centers blooming up, side walks have been replaced. Even new restraunts and shopping districts have been built. And on top of all this, traffic has been majorly reduced. As said in the exerpt,

Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota

, "These people are generating a revolutionary change."

Not only does reducing the amount of cars help the enviornment, it's better for your health. Pollution doesn't only affect the environment, it also damages the body. As the air gets polluted by greenhouse gas emissions, you breath in that air. And that contaminated air is the same contaminated air that is being cycled throughout our body. On top of that, reducing the usage of vehicles would force you to find a new way to get to your destination. You might resort to walking, jogging, bike riding, skating, or anything else you could think of. Limiting car usage would force you to excercise, which is obviously very beneficial to one's health.

Another advantage of limiting vehicle usage is the money that would be saved. Limiting vehicle usage would result in not buying gas as often. And as expensive as gas can get, that would would be a lot of money saved. If you went as far as selling your vehicle, there's even more money that you would benefit from.

So there are many advantages that result from limiting vehicle usage. For one, it reduces pollution, which is bad for the enviornment, as well as our health. Secondly, it would force us to excercise more. And lastly it would save us a lot of money.    