"RING! RING! RING! RING!" If you think that sounds annoying, believe me when i say "I believe policy two would be a great way to keep students focused on their school work" also rather than trying to hide their cell phones during class. With no cell phones at school, there would be many more less distractions to other student as well. Students should be informed that if the phone call is really that important they should contact whom ever from the school phone, even though many people should know not to bother the students during class. These are a few reasons why i believe that students should be allowed to bring cell phones to school.

Being focused in school is a great way to learn new subjects and useful information. While having your cell phones during school, even if your only able to use it during lunch, will make you lose focus on your work. Cell phones may avoid you from focusing maybe because someone wants your attention or needs answers to a certain subject. Bottom line, cell phones don't help you get your work done in school, so why bother using it if you need to pay attention?

Besides being more focused on what your learning, think about others and how they could be distracted with your use of a cell phone. Cell phones may go off randomly during class disrupting you from reading or disturbing you from solving a math problem. Suppose a student is texting during class, it would be very difficult to try to read while someone besides you constantly keep pushing buttons on to their phone instead of working. If your taking a test also, many people think texting during the test will get them the answers from certain people, and if you have your phone on you, you may be tempted to text or someone may text you for answers, very disturbing.

If a phone call is really important or needed as in emergency's, schools are supplied with phones, so ask permission to use them. You may need to contact maybe a family member or someone important, but do it with the school knowing that your not disrupting any students or policy's. Even if a family member were in need to get in hold with you, their able to contact the school to let them that they need to speak to you.

There are many ways that having cell phones in school could disturb many people, or avoid someone from focusing on school work, or have them think their able to call anyone for what they think are emergency's. To prevent all these disruptions during school you should consider using the second policy. Help students focus more on what they have to do, not what they want to do.