Students all across the U.S look forward to one special season,summer. Students want to be free from the stress of everyday school work and getting great grades. However, some students are not so lucky and get stuck with a summer project. Although they have three months to complete the project, students don't want to have to worry about yet another school project on their summer get away. If however, students get to pick what they do for their projects the story might be different.

Teachers have the best intentions when it comes to teaching, and giving out summer projects only means that they want students to continue learning outside of the classroom. Students are not going to be happy about it, this causes them to not want to the project over summer and when school comes back around they will say "they forgot" because for one, they don't want to do it and two, it may not be a topic they like or are interested in. Although, if students could pick what they want to do it will encourage them to do a topic of their choosing. This could lead to them becoming passionate about what they doing their project on and giving it their all.

Having them becoming passionate about a topic of their liking will lead to creativity. By the students enjoying what they are working on this will lead to them thinking outside the box and getting creative. This will also lead to good grade averages on the project and an increase in creativity. With this creativity also comes enjoyment that also leads to them wanting to do the project and get it done over summer. Though having a teacher based project will make it easier on the teacher to grade; the teachers should grade it off of creativity and much effort went into the project.

Students over the summer go through and do many fun and exciting things. They just can't wait to get back to school and tell their friends and teacher about all their unique exciting adventures, but what if they had something to help them tell their story. Nine out of ten students who chose their own project will create it from their own experiences. Allowing them to do this for their summer project will not only allow them to create some project for school, but it will also get them learn. Half the time students don't even realize they are learning something new when they are over summer break. By taking on this summer project though they will uninstinctivly choose something they have learned, seen, or done over vacation. Thus making their projects better in every way.

Summer breaks can be quite the treat for students, but they learn as they experience new things. The teacher would not have to worry about grading bad projects or worry about them turning in one at all, if they just let their students take the wheel and let them shine. Students will let their creativity come through and get down what they learned onto paper. No more boring summer projects that no one will turn in. Let the students decide how they want their summer project grade to go.            