The senate should remove the Electoral college and make the popular vote system the main way on deciding who's president. The electoral college seem's to have many flaw's that can make voting a disaster. Voter's aren't truely voting for a president, they vote for a slate of canidates who then vote for president.

The worst part about this type of voting is the disaster factor (sourse 2:paragraph 11). It clearly says '' segragationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeede in replacing the democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. This shows that the results of an electoral college can sometimes not be decided by the people, but mostly on the electors of each state. People say the the electoral college is an easier,cleaner, and faster method, but when it comes for the people to vote for president; The electoral college system wont suit what the people mainly would like.

The electoral college is an unfair way to vote for president, During the 2000 campian program, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad.(sourse 2: paragraph 13). These things shows that the candidates dont care about having the smaller states votes, but wants bigger populated states like california and texas. This is often called a '' Winner-take-all'' system since it each state doesn't get to see what there elector is really all about. Also it can show  that with the electoral college, electors can vote for a president who is regionally favorable and not nationaly. This can often make the voters feel less satisfied with thier president since there president might not show intrest in there opinions.

The Electoral college also avoids the problem of elections in which there is little  to no popular votes what so ever. Nixon in 1968 and clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes,while winning a majority in the Electoral College (sourse 3: paragraph 22).This goes to show that the Peoples votes dont usually matter when it comes to voting for a president but the electors do.

Once agian,The senate should remove the Electoral college and make the popular vote system the main way of deciding who's president. This will be benifitial to many states that want to be involved in the election but feel that there saying in things wouldn't matter.            