Dear Principal

Now i know that you are suppose to be overseeing that we obtain a great education. I also know that you think that we should give our full attention to teachers. The only problem is many students complain that their learning gets dry and boring and they need a little bit of excitement in their learning to stay focused. So why not let us use our phones during times when we aren't listening to a teacher! To me i really don't see a big problem with letting us use our phones in hall-ways or on our free periods of time. One good reason i can think of, of letting us have our phones is, what if we just got out of math class and we just learned something new? When we got out of class though we started to lose bits and pieces of the information you just learned, so why not text your friends tips and questions you can use to keep that information in your mind.

Another reason i think we should be aloud to have phones is to loosen our minds if it's tense! Let's say you just got out of one of your classes and had an extremely hard test, and you want to open up your mind a little to let go of some of the stress from that test. Well maybe you need to talk to someone that's on the other half of the school but your next class is on a different half from that person. You can't speak to them physically unless you want to be late, but if you have your cellular device you can communicate with them and that might just help ease your nerves for the next period.

A last reason that i personally think is the most important reason to have a phone at school is for safety/issues. Let's say you have try-outs for a sport and the coach says your ride has to pick you up by a certain time. You forget to let your parents or whoever is picking you up what time they have to be at the school, well if you have your phone you could always call/text that person and your situation may be resolved. Now let's say your at school and a intruder invades the school and the school resource officer is no where to be found! What do you do? Here's a suggestion, "call" someone to help, You never know what could happen to you so why take the chance of not having a method of communication to help you out? I hope that you take these words into consideration and hopefully allow us to have our phones out during our free time.      