Many elections have gone bad in the United States. Just like wat it says in "The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the systems are wong", there were many "disaster factors" in the system during elections. Also, delegates in the electoral college don't even vote for their own party's canditate, they just fool around and choose the other candidate. We should abolish the electoral college and change the election by popular vote.

To begin with, there were many "disaster factors" in the system for the electoral college. In "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why Even the Best-Laid Defenses of the Systems Are Wrong", it states that back in 1960, segregationists almost succeds in putting in new electors to oppose John F. Kennedy. Also, it states that there are "faithless" electors that refuse to vote for their party's candidate which is pretty sad. There are more reaons why we should bann the electoral college.

Furthermore, population is a big factor also in the electoral college. "In Defense of the electoral college: Five Reasons to Keep Our Despised Method of Choosing the President" It states that the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance of large states. It's wrong because the big states are the ones that need that population in order for the candidate to win. It's pretty fair to do it by popuation because it depends on that specific person on which candidate is gonna win, not by the state.

That leads to the fact that electoral votes are not the same as voters voting for the president. Many presidents lost the election just because of the electoral college. Personally, it's not fair that a candidate can't become president just because of the electoral college. it even says it in "The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the systems are wong". It states that voters do not vote for the president, but for a slate of electors that will elect the president. Nobody knows if that person is loyal or not.

In conclusion, the electoral college should be banished from this country. It is a terrible system that had many "disaster factors" in it and also there are people that are elected that are not loyal to their party. If we don't stop it now, who knows what will happen to this magnificent country. If we keep the electoral college as our system, maybe our country will go downhill, so r you willing to abolish it for the greater good?    