What would you do if you needed advise ? Would you take it from more than one person ? Seeking for more that one persons for advise is the best choice because you are able to know more about your situation from many people and another is that it will help you find the right choice . These two options can suggest you from finding the right and best choice with what ever is happining in your life .

A example why you should take advise from more than one person is knowing more information. Asking multiple people about your situation and then having experience with what your going though will help the best . If you ask mulitiple people that have been though that too,It helps you see through different peoples points of view. Which allows you to know what your options are .For example you get into a big fight with your parents , So you ask your two best friends who have both been in that position what you should do .One friend talks to about how you should apologize to your parents .The other friend tells you , you should talk to them both and fix the problem . They both agreed you should apologize and fix the problem .

Another choice you have for asking multipe people for advise is making the right choice. If someone gave you there opinion about your situation but it was a bad idea. And you took their advise but lead to a even bigger problem. This is the reason why we should have more options open because if we get only one person's advise/opinion it can either be fixing the problem or making it worse . Keeping our options open is a amazing choice. For a example you get into a argument with some of your friends about them talking about you behide your back . You ask someone what they think about your situation , So they give you someof their advise . They said that you should go confront them and that's what you did , you get into a physical fight with your friends. If only you had asked more people to give you advise , you wouldn't have been in a fight and even cause more problems.

In conclusion why we should have alot of people comment on our situation or problem is because it can lead to us living a better life . It can make us become more open to people we trust and become closer. Asking more people can also leave to a better life style . We should all ask multiple people for the advise so we can all make the best choice .