Have you ever asked for advice?

I'm sure that you have.

Everybody needs a second opinion at some point in their life, right?

Why did you ask the people that you did?

When asking someone for help in a situation, it can be difficult if they are saying opposite of what you are thinking.

At that point, you wonder, "Were they the wrong person to ask?" or "Should I go with my gut?" or whatever.

Sometimes it is better to trust your gut and not go to other people.

Other people can influence you to second guess yourself in a situation that you're stuck in.

Why can asking for another opinion, or even asking more than person, help the brain decifer right from wrong?

This comes down to human nature.

We are born with the ability to use our brains to our advantage.

This being the case, how come it is so hard to make up our own minds about a situation that we got ourselves into in the first place?

By the time that you are mature enough to think for yourself at any level, you automatically start to second guess yourself.

Why?

This question can be used in many scenarioes, but in this one, there isn't really an answer.

When you take a deeper look into the brain, you find out that every section has a part to play.

You eventually realise that every nerve, every strand, and every circuit is important.

If you think about it hard enough, you come to the recognition of the fact that one nerve placed differently, has the possibility to rewire your your thought process.

With all of this playing a part, it proves that your brain can do the unthinkable (get it).

So, getting back on topic, if our brains can run a human body, then why can't we make our own decisions?

We make decisions every single day of our lives.

Every decision that you have aver made has lead you to this moment doing the specific thing that you are doing down to the very second.

How many tines do you think that we ask for advice just in a year?

How do we even know that the person that we ask doesn't give you the wrong advice?

How do you know when it is best to go off of your best judgement, should you get an opinion on that from someone else?

The worst part is, there really aren't answers to provide for all of these strenuous questions.

Unfortunately, that is just one more thing for you to debate in your head.

The process of asking people for advice my not be that simple, but it is a positive thing to ask for help in a situation that you dpn't know how to deal with.

Getting multiple opinions can help you decide on what you do.

Always remember that asking for ad vice is not a bad thing.