Projects abilities brings out a person's perspective on subjects or topics, which outbursts into a creativity mindset that some people might consider they never have. Mostly, school's resembles into that category. Teachers gives out assignments, homework's, and projects in return of students showing work ethic and independence. In other cases, some teachers prefer giving out student's projects to complete during breaks. However, teacher's do not take in consideration upon us students on deciding the designs on these projects before breaks. Because students have their own ways of techniques on projects, students should be in control of designing projects.

During breaks, students initially will mostly tend to work on the project last minute or genuinely forget about it. Which takes on how the projects are given. A teachers material may become abstract. For example, " List the following:...". Or even, " Explain the following:..". Because of this, it makes learning somewhat frustrated. Students loves to focus more on credibility. Another example is, making the topic into a story lines or even poems. It shows students that they comprehend the bigger picture of the project. Also, understanding the language of learning, making it to be more satisfying to do during in school or outside of school. A student would strongly try and do the project but if the materials that's given by teachers is unsatisfying, it becomes harder on student to complete.

People who have more experiences than others are most likely to be more beneficial. Students, like me, likes to explore new things throughout the school year. Working on the same materials makes others hesitate to break out their comfort zone to explore new things. Teachers usually stick with one material throughout the semesters. For example, my English elementary professor, Generic_Name, had all his students remember one specific way to brainstorm ideas. Until, throughout my years in English, I learned from other professors that it's more than one remarkable way to brainstorms ideas. It's beneficial to show others your perspectives in things so they can take on the ideas you explore and find their own way of brainstorming. Designing our own projects will be more than just a grade. Each process will become tremendously easier and grow on us for our next future projects to become perfect.

Summer projects should be a place where student's loves to work while being out of school. A place where they can sit and create incredible projects. If a student create their own ideas, the turnout will mostly be successful. It shows a student true hard work and dedication.

. 