Driverless cars are smart cars that are able to drive with little to no help from the driver. This means the car is able to use gas and brakes by its self, while also steering itself. The idea of driverless cars is great for countless reasons. They are helping with less crashes, they can still alert drivers for danger ahead, and can have a better response to dangers from skids or rollovers.

Driverless cars are able to steer, use gas, and use brakes by themselves. That can help less crashes by stopping drivers who are incapable to drive from driving. This means drunk drivers, drivers who fall asleep, and drivers who aren't paying attention can't cause any accidents that would and can be prevented by not letting them control the car fully. Drivers in those situations don't have to worry about who will take them home or about any problems that might have occured if it were them driving.

Not only can the cars drive by themselves, they can also alert drivers if it needs help. The car is filled with sensors; it makes sure the driver is always alert and has their hands on the wheel. The driver will be alerted by their chair vibrating, flashing lights, or different displays. This means the driver will be alerted if there's any danger. For example, if the car was backing up into something, it would alert the driver to check it out and take over just incase somebody were to get hurt.

If something were to happen during the drive, the car has antilock brakes. Antilock brakes allow the car to detect danger in the speed of the car. If there was a skid or rollovers, the car would be able to apply the brakes on the wheels and control the power of the engine itself. This is a much better response than a driver would have seeing as they don't have control of the engine itself.

Although driverless cars can help reduce the risk of accidents, other people believe the technology isn't safe enough for roads. The technology can fail at any moment and a crash or accident can occur. The cars are still in progress, meaning there is still a chance for a new upgrade in the system itself. The manufactures can create a system that will stop the car automatically if there is any type of problem with the car or technology.

Driverless cars are able to prevent accidents from happening by driving with no driver, alert the driver of any danger ahead, and even apply brakes and reduce the engine power if needed. This means the car is able to prevent drunk driving, texting and driving, and even accidents that involve the driver falling asleep at the wheel. That can cause the numbers of car accidents to reduce by a huge number. Even if technology were to fail, it's still a work in progress meaning there's still a chance the car will get better each time it's being made or tested.