Advice

Look if you need advice you need advice but you gotta make sure you talk to more than one person because one person could give you terrible advice and mess everything up. When you need advice go to someone older than you that you trust it could be a teacher a parent or a student in a higher grade. You can ask your friend but they might have not lived through what your asking them and they give you advice and it be so wrong but you asked them because you trust them. When you need advice the first people you wanna go to is your parents and if you do not feel comfortable asking them for advice ask a teacher or ask a administrator. You always want more than one persons advice even if it is your friend you need to have more than one person. All I am saying is that do not just have one person give you advice. It is good to talk to more than one person for advice because, some one could have a different opinion, someone else's advice could help you,and they could have been through the same thing.

Someone you talk to could have a different opinion then the other person you talk to. Let's say you talked to best friend for advice and they gave you some,but you talk to someone else and they say something different then you dont know whose advice to take. When I want advice I go to the most trusting person I know which is my parents or teachers because they were are age to. If i need advice I think is what I am doing important or is it stupid cause if it is stupid there is no point in asking for advice but if it is important ask someone you trust. So when you ask for advice do not just go straight to your best friend go to someone that you trust and that might have been through it. All I am saying is there are other people you trust with opinion's.

Next, someones advice could help you, see if you go to one person they could give you advice but the advice could be bad. If you go to more than one person for advice one of the people you talk to could actually help you in the end. Let's say that you came to me and ask for my advice on this guy and I gave you bad advice in the end it could all backfire but if you came to me and another person the other persons advice could be better than mine. So if you went to some one that you did not know and you asked them for advice but they do not like you so they gave you bad advice and you listen to the advice and you did what they told you to at the end it could end horrible but if you go to people you trust they can give you better advice than the person that you do not know. When you need advice go to people you trust not one person a couple of people. In the end everybody's opinion matters.

Also, if you need advice the people giving it to you could have been through it. so I had a friend and they were struggling with school and they came to me and told me so I gave them advice and I told them go to there other friend and ask them. So the next day she came to me and told me there advice was bad but mine was not and I said because I have been through the same struggle but all you gotta do is ask other people because the first person you asked might have not been through it. Really all you need to do when you need advice is have more than one person giving you advice. You mainly wanna go to a teacher or a peer that is older because they have gone through the same problems in life and they got through it. I believe that if you need more than one pair of shoes you need more than one opinion.

In conclusion, it is good to have more than one person giving you advice because some one could have a different opinion, some one else's advice could help you , and they could have been through the same thing. You will need advice in you life but you will always wanna go to the same person;also you do not always have to have more than one person but it is better to have more than one person. Really all I am trying to tell you here is that you wanna have more than one person's opinion. You will always need advice on something but normally you only wanna ask one person well it is better to get multiple opinions than one. At the end one of those people's opinion will come in handy.

Just think about it when your about to ask one person for advice maybe I do need to have other people's opinions.