From the perspective of a student who regularly attends public school, it can be difficult waking up at 6:30am and spending a quarter of your day switching between classrooms. I for one have always thought about enrolling in distant learning, specifically online. In my point of view, the only downside to video conferencing and learning online is the neglect you may feel from your friends and in-school activities. Although distant learning holds the possibility of altering your social life, the benefits overpower the disadvantages. Students will be able to preform better in school with distant learning because they are able to create their own schedule, progress at their own pace, and decrease the chances of spreading or catching diseases.

Like mentioned in the paragraph above, it is my obligation to wake up at 6:30am and arrive around 8:00am. There are days that I feel like snoozing my alarm for an extra 30 minutes, and days where I contemplate whether I should arrive late or simply not go at all. This leads me to feeling tired when I'm sitting in class, not having the energy to focus, and consuming the strong urge to fall asleep. With online school, these problems would disintegrate. If a student's body refuses to let them retain information due to lack of sleep, what makes you think that they will progress in learning? You are far better off waking up at 11:00am feeling energized and alert. Not only are you allowed to wake up when you feel ready, but when you have completed all of your work, you have the rest of the day to yourself. During this time you can catch up with friends, family, or even take the day to yourself. Overall, if you are able to work at a fast pace and get your work done, the chances of you being productive increase.

Sometimes, if you are enrolled in any honors or AP classes, the teachers tend to move at a more rapid pace. Although some students are able to comprehend, others may struggle to keep up. Not being able to synchronize the pace your teacher is moving at can lead to you falling behind and feeling confused. It is not fun having to stay after school everyday and doing the rest of your homework late at night because your teacher is unable to slow down the lesson. This can cause stress for the student and countless, sleepless nights. Moving at your own pace will assist you in carefully understanding what you are being taught so you won't have to stress about it later. Not only does this make learning the material easier, but also preform better on the tests.

Diseases spread quickly. Not only does it spread through coughing, sneezing, and not washing your hands, but also through the air we breath. Schools are one of the biggest and most common places where diseases are exposed and passed on. Imagine how many people do not wash their hands after using the bathroom, forget to cover their mouth when they cough or sneeze, and always have their hands on other people. With the spread of the popular epidemic, Coronavirus, our school district must take safety and health hazards seriously. A student who does online school or video conferencing has an advantage on not catching illnesses spread inside of school walls. Same thing applies if the online student feels ill because they are not able to spread their sickness to the rest of the school.

In conclusion, in order to decrease the amount of sleep deprived, stressed out, and unhealthy students, and furthermore increase the amount of productivity, good grades, and more sleep, it may be worth a try to consider enrolling us all in distant learning.                