Imagine that you are facing a tough problem or decision. To solve it you will have to consider many different angles and decide what the best choice is. When someone is asking for advice they will often talk to more than one person to do that. Conversing with multiple people is helpful because it will cause the person seeking the advice to view the problem from many different angles, teach people how to collaborate well with others, and it will cause people to develop a positive attitude towards overcoming problems.

To begin with, seeking advice from multiple people will give someone different perspectives on the problem. Learning someones opinions can encourage people to agree with other peoples thoughts or strategies on how to solve a problem. I once was trying to decide what book I should read. I asked my parents, friends, teachers, and librarians what they thought. From that I received many different answers. I mulled the suggestions over and was eventually able to make a choice. Seeking the many opinions of the people I knew greatly helped me decide what I would read. On the other hand, if I had not done this I would probably ended up re-reading a book or not coming to a consensus at all. Furthermore, when people ask for the advice of others they will learn a different approach to the problem. Say that someone is trying to decide between on dish and another. They may ask the opinion of the waiter who might give them an entirely different choice. This would create a new option and possibly help the person trying to decide. However, while someone is learning to view something from a new angle they must also learn to work with the other people giving their thoughts on the issue. This bring me to my next point, seeking advice from multiple people will teach others how to collaborate with others.

Collaboration takes a lot of energy and willingness to accept other's opinions. To gain wisdom and advice someone has to don a ready to learn, happy, energetic, and respectful demeanor. This will make the person that someone is trying to learn from more willing to help them. People will want to teach others what they know if that person looks like they will listen to their ideas. Furthermore, people will have to learn to meet in the middle. Meaning that they have to be willing to give up some of their opinions in order to work with the other person. People also have to be encouraging. If something does not work the first time someone will have to be the one to pep up the others and make them want to try again. To continue, seeking advice will force people to be inclusive. If they are not then they would not be able to ask others what they believe. However, if someone is not willing to share their advice others may have to adjust how they interact or learn to leave the person alone. People will not always be willing to help others who in return need to know to accept that. Sometimes people will have just continue to seek advice even though some would choose not to help.

To conclude, in order to seek advice from multiple people and make a better choice people will have to develop positive outlooks. If people are not positive they will not enjoy solving the problem and have people unwilling to help them. Problem solving can be an unhappy task but, if you are cheerful making the choice will be easier. That is why I believe that it is necessary to be happy when you are making a choice. It will make someone be able to make the best choice because they will be awake and ready to ask many people. Having a happy demeanor will overall help you make a good choice. If you are thinking only of the good outcomes asking multiple about the choice you will be able push through the problem and make the best choice. Talking to more people who have a positive attitude will make you want to approach the choice in the same way you will be able to make the best choice that you can if you are positive when you go about it.

So, when someone seeks advice and asks multiple people they will learn different approaches, teach themselves to work well with others, and develop a cheerful attitude towards advice. That is why seeking multiple opinions will help someone to make the best choice. As you make tough choices remember to get a multifaceted view on the decision.