Limiting car usage could come off as absurd to some people. They ask "Why would I reduce my use of something that gets me to my desired destination the fastest?" Despite the fact that cars appear to be more conveinient, the harm they do to the Earth far outweighs the benefits. Cars have become more and more prevelant in the entire world since World War II, as society has been built around the car and its ease of use. This unremitting usage of the car has resulted in a shocking amount of pollution to the Earth. The reduction of car usage is advantageous to the environment. Cars produce so much pollution, have a gradual decuction in use would have possitive effects on the environment.

The greatest advantage of limiting car usage is the positive effects it would have on the environment. It is common knowldge that the Earth is in a state of self-destruction, with humans pouring in incredible amounts of greenhouse gases into it. A high percentage of these harmuful emissions come from cars and other gas-powered vehicles. If car usage was limited, a much healthier Earth would result. According to the article "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" passenger cars were responsible for 12 percent of grenhouse gas emissions in Europe, and nearly 50 percent in highly congested cities across the  United States. With this in mind, cutting these numbers down, even if only in half, would bring about such prosperity to the environemnt that benefits would soon be noticed. These figures show that the reduction of car usage is pivotal in the fight to protect the environment. Also in the article "Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog" it is said that car usage became so heavy in Paris that it developed insane amounts of smog, rivaling that of Beijing, which is one of the most polluted cities in the world. Clearly the root of the problem for Paris was the abundance of car usage, which once limited, reduced the smog greatly. This proves that cars can be a huge problem for the environment, but limiting the usage will have near immediate benefits. Again the environmental benefit of limiting car use is seen in the article "The End of Car Culture." The article states that a limit to car usage would "have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's eissions." This article does not only say that cars are  large part of pollution, but it also directly claims that less usage would be good for the environment. Limiting car usage is very important to maintaining the Earth as it is now. It is gradually becoming more and more polluted, and the limiting of vehicle use can stop that.

Despite the convenience of the car, it is such a harm to the enironment that its limiting of usage is absolutely neccesary. Several exmaples point out that cars are one of the biggest means of pollution, as it seems everyone is always drving them. Limiting car usage is one of the best things that can be done to save the environement. It is obvious that the preservation of our planet is far more important than the convenience of turning a five minute walk into a short one minute trip. With the ecological benefits of the limit of car usage, this limit of usage is defnitly advantageous.                    