Generic_Name was at the store and was looking at the nice clothes. He was really desperate for a nice blue shirt, however, he couldn't because he needed the money for his rent. Generic_Name picks up his phone and decides to text one of his friends. He knows that his friend, Generic_Name, would help him. He texted, "Hey, I was wondering if I should buy something about 40 dollars. I need to pay rent but I might need to budget my money. What should I do?" Generic_Name replies that he should buy it and budget his money. Generic_Name decides to purchase the shirt, but he feels like he shouldn't. He decides to ask his mom. His mom said that he should pay the rent instead of a shirt because if he would get an unexpected increase on his bill, he wouldn't be able to pay it. Generic_Name doesn't know which side to take on.

People make choices every day. Choices can be as big as choosing who to marry, or having kids to as small as whether you should buy dessert from the ice cream truck. Most of the time, people ask others for advice and they ask more than one person. But sometimes, opinions can cause bias if you only ask one person. When Generic_Name asks if he should buy the shirt. He asked his friend who said to budget his money afterwards. What Generic_Name did was ask one person and Generic_Name's opinion was bias against what his bills may be. When Generic_Name asked his mother, she said that he shouldn't and be prepared for the bill in case there was an increase. Generic_Name' mom was bias against the shirt.

When you choose to ask someone for help, somebody could give you more than one option. Maybe the question you thought was a yes or no answer, could be both answers. Imagine that Generic_Name decides that he also wanted pants to go with the shirt. He could've asked someone again but this time, someone could say to buy both and pay the rent. Or, someone could say to not buy any clothes and stick with the bills to pay. Hearing more options and opinions could help you make an option that you think would be best for you.

What would happen if you ask the whole store? You would probably get a whole lot of different opinions, but you are the final decider on what you want to do. Sometimes, you could ask someone who has a lot of experience with dealing with money and you could get better advice than what your mom or friend suggested. If you ask only one person and he says something that you do not feel would be the best option, don't go with it. There could be better options for you to take.

Generic_Name asked another person who dealt with money as their job and they gave the advice that you should not buy it until you need to do so and buy the shirt and pants when you know you have enough money. Generic_Name went with that decision and it ended up benefiting him. His bills went up because while he was at the store. he left the faucet running and it costed him extra. Generic_Name paid his bills and when he showed up at work the next day, he was given a raise at work and he went to the store soon after and bought the shirt and the pants. He felt so happy that he decided to ask more than just one person rather than Generic_Name, who would've caused him to declare bankruptcy.

Not only did Generic_Name ask multiple opinions, but he got more options. where his mother told him one thing, Generic_Name told him another, and person who worked with budgeting money, Generic_Name, told him another thing. That gave him plenty of options to choose from. Generic_Name also got better advice while asking more people. He could've gone bankrupt if he went with Generic_Name's idea. Since he asked other people, he decided on choosing what Generic_Name said. 