The reason that Luke join the program was of is friend i know this because it said that Don Reist invited him to go to Europe on a cattle boat. I also know this because it said that Luke couldn't say no he knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime . Thats why luke went on the boat because of is friend and the program. I aslo know this because it said that Don Reist invied him to go Thats how he got to to go to the program and with is friend. i also know this because it said that i was a opportunity of a lifetime.

Luke claims they were good and bad somtimes I know this because it said that ketp luke busy they had to feed and watered two or three times a day. I aslo know this because it said bales of hay and bags of oats had to be pulled up from the lower holds of the ship. I think that luke had alot more claims but those were the most imporantant ones. The thing that was the harest was to feed the animals and much more and that they had to more and more things to. and to much more. That the claims that luke had to do I think he had to them everyday.

There is alot more claims so here is more I think the was more claims I know this because it said helping out on aunt katie fram as a boy had prepared luke for hard work. I also know this because it said that served as night watchman his job was to cheak on all the animals every hour. I think that help him on his trip across seas because he had more work. That how I know that he was go on the trip and I think that he did a good job. I think is job was hard and did not realy do anything but feed animals.

Luke claims where hard i know this because it said that but not for the dangers at sea. i aslo know this because it said that Luke also found time to have fun borad. I think he got bored alot on the ship and he was tired. I know that he was bored because it said that table tennis tournaments .I think that he had tournaments on ship because they got bored. I

think that they had to do some things to get there like get the anmials and load them up and do some things to get some fun time. I think that they had to do stuff to earn that free time and to do alt of things and play games to.

I know that the ship was boring and fun i know this because it said that the cowboys played baseball and volleyball games. i also know this because it said that they have fencing,boxing,reading,whittling,and games also helped pass the time. I think that they had fun on the ship with all the things they could have done and but they still had to work on the ship to. I also know this because it said that fun on borad,especially on retued trips after the animals had been unloated. What would you do if your where on this ship and had to do work?               