When you ask the public for advice they will always talk to a random person if there for advice on what to do or something important. An good start is always there parents because there are your mother and father legally and you will always trust your parents. I believe strongly that asking more than one person for advice could help you in your lifetime eventually.

A more of an approve in advice in life is always asking for small advice. The advice can take you somewhere when you ask for advice you either ask for small or an agreement into when looking into advice. Advice can lead to disagreements or agreements. Most advice comes from a decision in the head due to if they wanted to do something an example rob a store. Most people will talk to people if thats a right choice or a bad choice. Or a agreement to break up with there girlfriend or not. Those people can help you make those decisions in life because your getting a better understatement to think about it and make your decision.

Advice can lead into a do or die situation. Not saying that a bad thing but advice can lead you to do or die. But those situation can cause you to go to more trusted people and asking them for advice. But some people say that asking strangers for advice is not a good idea because they will either give them bad advice or your talking to someone that is clueless on advice and you should trust only your self. But there are right but in a wrong way. Trusting yourself can lead into a worse situation to get your self out or a good way and if you cant make a decision you will have depression for the rest of your life. But asking people for advice make having a decision so much better in anyway for example you have three choices to make and you canÃ‚Â´t decide so let the public decide for you.

In conclusion asking people for advice can lead to good things depends on who your talking to. Asking your siblings for advice or youÃ‚Â´r friends or advice is a good way to leave a good mark in youÃ‚Â´r soul. In conclusion ask the people that you can trust and good stuff will come out of it evenly. 