Have you ever seen an illusion where it looked like a figure, but then you realize it was just something else?

Everyone has had that happen, and that is because your brain is being fooled. Recently, research shows that your brain assumes something when it looks like what you think of. For example, the pop icon, known as the "Face of Mars," has fooled many scientists as NASA, making them believe that aliens were trying to give out signals. Unlike the other scientists, I believe that this "Face on Mars" is just a natural landform that looks similar to a human face.

First of all, I believe that this peculiar face was made from the winds on Mars. It is true that when erosion occurs on Earth, tiny sediments of rocks are moved away from the original rock. I believe that erosion also occurs on Mars because a rock that looks like a face does not show up all of the sudden. Also, as you can see in the picture Viking 1 photographed, you can see tiny holes on the forehead of this rock. It is my opinion that this rock was eroded at some time and started to form a figure of a face.

Secondly, the picture resolution of the rock was not as clear as it is today. So because of the resolution, the image looked similar to a human face.

Also, at the time of 1976, scientists still believed in the theory of aliens. However, about 22 years later, the workers at NASA captured the image of the rock again, but this time they used higher resolution. Then scientists were putting it all together by finding out that this rock was not a signal coming from Martians. So because of the resolution of the picture, the sceintists assumed that the rock came from aliens.

However, just because this face-like rock is from aliens doesn't mean that the theory of aliens isn't true.

There are still many beliefs that aliens exist. For example, in 1957, there was a group of aliens coming toward a farmer. However, they left Earth and there were no other signs of aliens from then. Then there was the flying saucer in the sky in 2013.

Many people assumed that it was a UFO, and there are still some research about that incident today. So even though that there was no sign of life on Mars, there has to be life somewhere out in the universe.

In conclusion, people still believe that the "Face on Mars" still came from aliens. Some people are like me, who believe that the rock was formed from erosion and that scientists didn't have the resolution at the time to figure out that it wasn't really a human face. Overall, the rock was just a mesa on Mars.