Dear Principal,

I heard that the new policy is that we the students need at least a B average. Well to me, I think that is unfair! Most of this school has a C average, and for some students might have a hard time keeping that. Well anyways a C is a average grade for any student. Also why change the policy when if majority of your students have a C average. Also, why don't you have the teachers teach us things that they go over for more than just a couple weeks and think that every little bit of information is going to stick in our heads. Because not every little thing sticks in my head and I still do good. But I want to do better than I already am. Every student is good at something. But you need to make sure that every teacher is doing the same amount of teaching for every single student. Not just a group of them. If it is just a group of them then people will not do their absolute best. Also, in some classes there isn't a lot of tests so we as students could do bad on a test and not be able to bring our grade up till the next test. Which could be in a month. So if you need a B average then you could be stuck at a low grade till the next test. Which would make it to where you couldn't play sports for the entire season. Then that is just not fair for the student. The teachers need to make it to where we get tested or even just a little quiz during the sports seasons. Or maybe just something that they could do for extra credit. That way they aren't out the season. Also maybe the students get punished at home if they have bad grades. Well if the students do and the teacher doesn't test a lot. Then the student could be punished for something that is hard to control until they are tested again. Which could be a while depending on the class and how the teacher runs their class. If you the principal does something to where we as students can get a better education then what we already do. That would impact not only our grades, but our physical health as well. Sports would make our school more healthy with all the players playing all the sports representing this wonderful school that we have. This way we will be not only known for being good with our grades and school work. But also with all our sports. Please take my letter into how we run things around the school. Thank you.