As Generic_Name gently strokes her scrawny cat, she ponders back to the day she lost herself. It was 8th grade year, this was the year your life started. Before you could even figure out yourself, just your grades alone could determine if you got into college or not. Although she already had alright grades, she still spend countless hours studying instead of taking care of her acne or just getting in the shower. Soon she began to realize that her life was becoming numb, she stopped answering texts, talking, and she even began to loose her friends. Before she knew it, she was spending every weekend alone in her room just studying for absolutely no reason. Not long after, her parents became worried and sent her to a therapist, but most of the time she just came up with an excuse not to go. Generic_Name mainly made excuses because she thought nobody could give her advice that would relate to her life. This just shows that if you ask multiple people for advice you are bound to find someone that can relate to you. Seeking advice from more that one person you trust can be beneficial because you can hear different perspectives and make your own choice, you can also learn from their mistakes, and you can become a better person by listening to what other people have to say.

First off, making your own opinion, after hearing other advice, is important because it allows you to feel like you are making your own decisions in life. Similarly, when Generic_Name was a teen, her mother told her," Even though people will always try to tear you down, never take their words to heart. Now Generic_Name is a motivational speaker and shares her stories to everyone. This just shows that one little sentence can truly change someones life. For instance, Generic_Name goes to school everyday knowing she will get bullied, but she just remember the words her grandpa said," Although they are the ones being mean to you, remember that they are probably going through a lot more things than you are." Just this small piece of advice that Generic_Name hangs onto makes her feel like she is changing lives everyday.

Secondly, learning from the mistakes that other people made can help you so you won't make the same mistake. For example, Generic_Name learned from his uncle," If you want to own and thrive in the pizza business you have to make profit," and now Generic_Name is the owner of the biggest pizza place in New York! Saying this, normally you can't become famous or rich without a little help and and advice from other people. Additionally, Lady Gaga says that the only thing that got her through middle school and high school was the last words her mom said," I promise the times you feel like nothing is going right in you life, those days will make you a better person." Lady Gaga needed that quote a lot of her life and she knew that her mom didn't have that when she needed it. Although life isn't easy, the things that help you will probaly hepl other people too, even if they seem little.

Finally, just listening to other people say and taking it to heart will make you a better person one day. For instance, Generic_Name who was very shy as a kid was always told by his mom," Express yourself in whatever way you can," once Generic_Name took that to heart he began writing poems and songs. Generic_Name is now 21 and professionally writes songs for popular artists. If Generic_Name had stayed how he was, he would probably be working in a normal office and living in a small apartment with very noisy neighbors. Another example is Generic_Name, she is a professional model, but when she was younger she had no coordination and it seemed like she had two left feet. Until one day, her mom suggested that she should take ballet to help with her coordination. Even after just a couple lessons, she was already doing better. Just the small act of kindness that her mom showed to her made her and her life so much better.

As Generic_Name trudges through the door, she ignores everybody in her path and heads straight to her room. Generic_Name hadn't realized how difficult it is to move schools, until is actually happened to her. Everything was different and she didn't know anybody, neither had she met anybody yet. With a soft tap on the door, her sister Generic_Name enters the room and says," Hey sis I'm guessing the first day was rough?" With a sad nod, Generic_Name turns and questioned," How do you do it? Everybody is so different from my old school and nobody wants to talk to me." Generic_Name sits right next to her and pulls her into a hug. Not long after, she says," Just be open to new people and don't worry about what is to come, live in the moment." After a good night's sleep and the advice Generic_Name told her, she starts her day off by introducing herself to everyone she meets. Before the day is over, she already has a table to sit and and a large group of friends. When Generic_Name comes through the door, she sprints to Generic_Name and gives her a huge hug and exclaims," It worked! I introduced myself to everyone I saw and now I have a table to sit at, and lots of friends!" Generic_Name stands up and squeals with joy. Without Generic_Name's advice Generic_Name would have never found the friends she has now. Seeking advice from more that one person you trust can be beneficial because you can hear different perspectives and make your own choice, you can also learn from their mistakes, and you can become a better person by listening to what other people have to say.