Getting multiple peoples advice is helpful because you can get different ideas, different perspectives, and get a chance to use them to cahnge society. Read on to know the truth, if you are intrested.

One way that asking for ideas is because you can get a much wider variety of opinions and ideas. An example of this is that in civics, we do political debates to see who can come up with a better reasoning for their "party" on political issues. We do this by splitting into different groups that cover different issues for one major rift in opinions. The topics we have covered so far are gun control and immigration.

Afterwards, we discuss as a group wether we agree or disagree on these opinions. Because of this, whenever someone shows their evidence and reasoning, other people get brand new ideas on how to solve problems. You don't only get new ideas, opinions, and thoughts from talking to people. You might also get social commentary, or a new perspective on things.

Asking other people can give you a new perspective. You could also start seeing life or something different from a new point of view. During the cold war, poeple tried to see the perspective of both sides. The communists wanted a completely free country where everyone has a job and a decent living, but you all ration and get an equal amount of resources. The problem was that this could lead to shortages in supplies, and that people were corrupt in the government. On the other hand, capitalists wanted people to seek their dreams and work hard to get more money, but with more risk and reward. Their issue was that this caused poeple who were lower class to have less of a chance in the world, since you had to compete with the the rich and middle class. Each side had their pros and cons,and both tried to help people. Getting new ideas and perspectives are good, but what about actually using the ideas?

Now that you have heard peoples ideas and opinions, why not actually use them? A group that listened to poeple's ideas was the magnificent Roman Empire, who nearly conquered all of Europe, and the top of Africa. The Romans were always trying to get ahead of their enemies strategically, and technologically. An issue that the Romans had was transporting safe drinking water for their soldiers and civilians. What they did was listen to inventors give their ideas on how to solve this crisis. one inventor gave the great idea of making a device they called an aquaduct. An aquaduct was a long elevated line of stone that acted like an artificial river, because it moved water that could flow into pipes for poeple to get water from, and most importantly, could be spread all across the Roman Empire. Because of the aquaduct having been made, the Romans could keep their troops hydrated, and they did not have to transport gallons of water. This technology is still used in a sense, through the much less glorified sewer. As you can see, getting new ideas is so helpful that it can allow you to advance society!

Overall getting new ideas is very helpful. You can get new views on life that you have not seen before, and apply them to situations. We have also seen that new ideas in the community can even lead to advancing society, and cacn benefit evryone. Overall I would like you for reading my paper, and I hope you have a good day.