Some schools has started offering distant learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online and or video conference, but some people don't think students will benefit from it while others think this is an incredible opportunity for students. some will argue that students will benefit more from distant learning than being stuck in a classroom because they can move at their own pace and not have to worry about being left behind by their other peers in the classroom. Also, students may need additional help so if they need that extra attention they can get it because it's just the student and the instructor. Next, Distant learning can help students who are behind make up credits they need to graduate and still take the classes they are supposed to be in. Although, Distant learning has its benefits people will argue that students will not benefit from distant learning. students will just take this opportunity for granted and need to be held responsible like everyone else and pass the class in the classroom.

Distant learning can be argued that students will not get the information the same as if they were in the classroom. Because students are not there physically with a teacher they are more likely to cheat then if they were at school taking a test. Then, there is no guarantee that students will open up their laptop or turn in their computer screen everyday. Also,It's more distractions at home than it is at school because students are going to be more worried about whats on Netflix or whats in the refrigerator to eat than paying attention to the instructor on the computer screen. Finally, students wouldn't have the same motivation to get up like they do when coming to school everyday to see their friends, significant others, and their best friends.

I personally think that students will not benefit from distant learning. I say that because it would be more of the class clowns and the students who didn't apply them selves in the program more than the kids who actually needs it. Wouldn't be fair for the students who works hard in the classroom and deals with all the distractions. Lets be realistic if you are not special ed you are more than capable to pass a class in the classroom with the rest of the students if you put your mind to it. I personally feel like schools are giving students too many ways for them to be lazy in the classroom. schools should hold students more accountable for the work they put in their work if the student is not doing the work he should be able to go home and take the class online when they are students giving it all they got in the classroom.

Distant learning has it's pros and cons but I feel like it has more cons than pros. Students are more than capable to do their work in a classroom and doesn't have to do work online in a classroom. What happens when you applying for college or a job and you need a teacher recommendation and your teacher was a robot in a computer reading you instructions how are you going to get a teacher recommendation ?

How about when you don't understand how something is being explained to you on the computer and you have no classmates to explain it to you in a easier way? what are students going to do when times like that happen ?

I'm going to tell you whats going to happen they are going to just give up or quit or they are just going to write down any answer or just answer anything just to get it done and end up failing the assignment, when he or she can't get teacher recommendations for college or a job he is not going to get accepted in the college or not get hired for the job. What i'm trying to say is that going to school might be a little more difficult, might not like going to school, probably would be anywhere else in the word than be at school,

being at school gives you more opportunities in life than online school because the kid next to you could be a boss at a million dollar company and could offer you a job just because he went to high school with you. Before you take the easy route look at the big picture before you make a decision 