Despite the dangers of exploring Venus , there are many valid reasons to enocourage us to continue to investigate our sister planet. In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author explains why the pursuit to learn more about Venus is worth it. In the article the author explains the conditions that make Venus so dangerous to us, and the motive for NASA to continute exploration.

Venus is the sister planet to Earth. This is becuase Venus is the closest planet to Earths density, size, and ocassionally the closest in distance depending on the orbit. Since the planets are so similar you'd think the conditions would be as well. In the article the author describes the conditions as, " far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth." The other then goes on to explain that the thick atmosphere of Venus is almost 97 percent of carbon dioxide. To make things more understandable he also adds the challenge of the highly corrosive sulfuric acid in the planets atmosphere. Not only this, but the temperatures average is over 800 degrees fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than on Earth. As you can see the conditions of Venus are very extreme based off of the information in the text. These conditions make it very hard to study Venus due to the fact that it's conditions are too extreme for us to get close enough too.

Now that the readers have been given a description of the conditions on Venus, and faced with the challenge of it's exploration it is time to ask why try to explore Earth's "twin" planet. According to the author, " Astronomers are facinated by Venus becuase it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet inn our solar system." After the author says this he then explains that a long time ago Venus was most likely covered largely with oceans, and could have supported various forms of life. Although today the planet still has some physical features similar to Earth such as valleys, mountains, rocks, and craters. Thus making Venus NASA's nearest option for a planetary visit. Although the conditions are to harsh for us to travel too.

The motive for exploring Venus is very encouraging. The only thing holdong astronomers is the condition, and complications with the deails of proximity. On the up side the author talks about how NASA has a idea for sending humans to study the planet. The author says, " NASA's possiblesolution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray." Basically the author is saying that NASA plans to send a blimp-like vechicle hovering 30 or so miles above the rolling Venusian landscape. The author further explains this by comparing this solution to what jet airplanes do to avoid storms,which is travel at a higher altitude. By doing this we can have a clear understanding to what astronomers are doing to solve the issue of proximity , and accesibility. With this solution the exploration of Venus, and it's many rewards can hopefully be reached.

In the article,"The challenge of Exploring Venus," the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The author did a very good job at explaining the situation, and presenting the readers with facts, and evidence. The author supported his claims with knolege about the planet, and motives of NASA. Not only this, but gave a solution to the issue. The author did a good job of supporting the idea that the pursuit to explore Venus is worth the risks.