The use of technology is this day in age has allowed significant advancements in education.

One such advancement is the ability to learn from home using online courses.

Online courses allow student to have the ability to learn from home.

This brings up a very important question.

Would students benefit from taking classes from home?

I believe that students will not benefit from home learning due to missing out on opportunities to create social skills, staying at home creates many distractions, and school is more convenient for the student.

School is very important for the educations of students.

Discussing methods of learning is very important to ensure the best education for students.

To not be in a classroom setting takes students away from peers.

This would create a stumbling block in learning how to communicate effectively and develop very crucial social skills.

Being near others enables students to create and cultivate important skills that will be needed in the future.

Social skills will enable students to create contacts and to build bridges in the workplace.

Staying at home will isolate a student and prevent them from learning these important social skills.

A student that does not learn social skills early on in school will struggle when they go on to work.

Without social skills a person will struggle in the world that revolves around socializing.

Ideas are spread through socializing.

One who lacks social skills will not be able to spread ideas effectively.

The classroom setting is very important for the building of social skills in a student.

Distractions are commonplace in a house.

Students that learn from home will be subject to the distractions within a house.

Siblings, television, phones, chores and other activities take away the ability to focus on school.

School is a place to get away from all of those distractions, it is a place to focus and learn.

This is why it is vital for a student to come to school as opposed to learning from home.

The inability to focus is a hindrance on the student and their ability to learn.

Learning requires focus.

Without focus, the student is handicapped.

Students need to be able to focus and get the most out of their education to become productive members of society.

The home environment presents too many distractions.

School is an environment tailored for learning and enables a student to focus.

Many argue that learning from home is better than learning at school due to convenience.

This is simply not true.

School has been put in place to be an easily accessed place for students to learn.

Convenient hours and a centralized location allow school to be easily accessed by students.

School allows for learning to occur at a place of convenience.

When students are sick or when they miss days, school has policies put in place to allow the students to cover and learn what they missed.

This allows for a smooth education.

Learning from home may make matters worse and less convenient.

Students will start to put school further back on their priority list.

The home is a great place for a family but a terrible place for a student.

Learning from a home presents many difficulties that decrease convenience such as internet access, location, and the ability to get help.

School does not have this problem, schools have good internet access, the location is convenient for all students, and help is constantly present with teachers always there to aid a student.

Learning from home takes student's ability to be educated the best possible way.

School allows the development of crucial social skills, limits distractions, and is convenient for students.

School has been fine-tuned to allow for the best education for students.

Home learning simply does not provide the students with the right tools for the best education and preparation for the future.

Simply put: students would not benefit from home learning.