Think about a time when you asked for advice. Did you ask multiple people or just one? You may of asked one person, and that proboly helped you a little bit. Asking multiple people would help you more. How is it better to ask more people for advice?

Why do people ask for advice? People ask for advice, so they would be able to figure out an issue they are having, when asking for adivce they are able to figure out more. Us as humans rely on eachother for help for support, people forget that there are people to help them that they are not alone. Advice can help somebody make a good desion, or help resolve an issue. Adivce can go a long way on making sombody feel better.

Why asking more then one person is better for a human to do? If you ask more then one person for advice you would be able to feel more certin on somthing or find many ways to resolve an Issue you are having. It may be ablel to change your mind. Lets say you are having an issue you're at school where a friend is picking on another friend or yours, you could ask many people what to do there may be ideas you might not like, but they may be good for you. Asking for adivce is like asking for help it can benifit you in so many different ways. You asking for help from multiple people would give you the idea's on how you could fix or start somthing new.

"Try talking to your friends," this is an example of advice. Its simple and easy to say and to recive. You as a person will be reciving or giving advice your whole life. Asking mulitiple people is a smart thing to do, you will be able to figure out your way through a problem with all of these idea's people gave you through you just asking "what should I do," or "any advice on how I should fix this." Asking for help can get you to a better spot in your life and could benifit your choices. People are there for when you need to ask them for advice and its highly likley they will give you what you asked for.

Think about this now, what advice would you give someone to help there day better? Asking multiple people can help you improve life so please ask when you need it. You may not know where it will get you, but just know it will be good.