Alone, laying in bed, a bright lap top screen in front of your face, could this idea of distance learning replace a school day? Students would not benefit from distance learning because at home students have more distractions than a school environment and could easily lose focus. To continue, when learning at school, students learn and grow through social interaction with their peers. Having an isolated learning experience at home allows students to miss out out on social cues and friendships.

Distractions are something every human sees in their day to day life. At home students have a wide range of distractions from their cell phone to a basketball. This causes them to always have something else they could be doing rather then sitting down and taking an online class. Additionally, with all these distractions students have to have accountability and a sense of urgency to do their school work. If students are constantly pushing off their school work due to distractions then their education will be at risk.

Going to school helps students learn how to deal with their peers and adults socially. When going to school with their peers students learn problem solving and team building skills as a group. This prepares them for their future jobs and life in the work force by allowing them to understand how to work together. If a student is alone, in bed, and learning through a video it eliminates team building skills they could be learning in a regular classroom.

Some may believe students are better off with distance learning because it eliminates social anxieties and discomfort in the classroom. This is incorrect because in life humans have to be comfortable with being uncomfortable, the only things humans can count on in life is change and discomfort. To continue, students need to be prepared for all types of people and personalities because after school ends and the tests are all over, those people don't go away. If students are not participating in school with their peers because they are more comfortable at home it is teaching them to take the easy way out.

In conclusion, students would not benefit from the ability to attend these classes because it would allow them to put their education at risk and miss out on developing social cues. If all students were to take advantage of the distance leaning option, then it could cause this generation to fall behind academically and socially. If students are allowed to take the easy way out with school, what else will they later take for granted? 