Have you ever wished you could just do school from the comfort of your home? Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes at home by way of online or video conferencing. Though this sounds like a good idea, schools should not offer distance learning because students can become anti-social, undisciplined, and can experience technical issues at home.

Some schools believe giving students the option to receive their education at home is a good idea, however, students can become anti-social if they are not going to school. School is a great place where students can become social. For example, school has lunch time, class, and breaks in between classes where students can interact with one another. By doing school online, students do not receive the same social interaction with other students, therefore there is a bigger possibility for them to become anti-social.

Another reason students should not be able to do school from home, is that students can become undisciplined. When at school, students can receive discipline. For example, school teaches you to go to your classes on time, a hard work-ethic, and to respect your teachers and other students. If students are doing school from home, they can easily become distracted at home and do not have a physical teacher that they must listen to.

The final reason that students should not be allowed to do school from home, is that students can experience technical issues at home. If you are completing school work online at home, there is always a possibility that you may experience technical issues. For example, a thunderstorm may occur, and your internet goes down,

therefore you cannot complete your work. This would not be a problem at a real school because instead of listening to a teacher online, you are listening to a teacher in front of you, with out having to worry about any technical problems.

In conclusion, schools should not offer distance learning because students can become anti-social, undisciplined, and can experience technical issues at home. I urge schools to not to offer distance learning, and to keep traditional schools systems the way they are.             