Over 25% of students struggle to focus and learn in public schools. Most public schools can be beneficial in some ways that can help students. There is another option if you don't want to attend a school you can take online courses which help keep people that are not able to go to school. Most students go to a public school and do not take the online classes because they were raised that way. The reasons why online classes are beneficial because students can get one on one help with many different teachers and they can fix the classes to their schedule.

One reason online courses are beneficial is because students can get one on one help for a variety of courses if needed. Some students struggle and they don't know what to do first or they don't remember how to do it. Most students have trouble remembering how to start but if they do online courses they can video call a teacher for help or advice. Sometimes students need a recap of the lessons that they did on previous courses. On online classes they teachers that are on their for almost the whole day and students can contact them whenever needed. The students can ask for help at almost any time they want and teachers will be prepared and waiting to provide one on one help with students. Most students can't contact a teacher when they need help and are in normal classes that's why online courses are more beneficial to the students.

Secondly, students can adjust classes to their schedule depending on the amount of time they have. Sometimes students have trouble trying to schedule their activities and sometimes school gets in the way of those activities. Students that have that trouble can schedule their courses depending on what time they have available. Online classes dont take very long to complete and can be easily fit into a busy schedule. Students can do the classes on any device which allows them to do it anywhere at any time. Students can do online classes at any time frame that they are available at. Their classes start and finish time revolve around the time frame that they set themselves.

On the other hand parents still think that it is healthy to let their children go to schools that have those bad environments. Most of the parents say that it helps them be more social and keeps them from staying in the house too often. The solution to this long going problem ,of taking physical classes with crowded class rooms and many distractions, is to let their children take online courses. Many of the students that take online courses have had problem with public schools like crowded rooms or big class sizes. Students have trouble focusing in classes that have larger number in it. The students mind has difficulty focusing because of all of the ca-motion that is in the room.

In conclusion online courses benefit the students a lot more than the average classroom does.

Many students that take online classes have higher scores than normal students because online classes provide more help. Most students that are in normal classes struggle because they don't have one on one help. The many students that have online courses are more happy and have more free time than normal students. Students prefer online classes because it revolves around their schedule and they can get one on one help with work.