Dear State Senator,

I think we should get rid of the Electorial college because they are unfair. There are only a few reasons to why we need the Electorial college. I think we should get rid the college because it is a non- democratic method of selecting our president. It shoule be overruled by declaring the candidate who got the most popular votes. Its the electors who select the president not the people. When you vote, you are actually voting for a slate of electors.

Another reason why would get rid of the Electorial college is because of the winner takes all system. Canadiates dont spend time in the states they know have no chance of winning. They only focused on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 capaign, seveteen states did not see the the candidates at all including Rhode Island and South carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets did not see a single campaign.

It can be argued that the Electorial College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state, demo crates in texas, or reblicans in California for example. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incntive to pay attention to the campign thean they would have if the president were picked by popular vote... The voters in presidential elections are people who to want to express a political preferance rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election.

Whats wrong the Electorial College?

When we are under the Electorial College system , voters vot not for the president, but they vote for slate of electors. For example if you lived in texas and wanted to vote for [John] kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 democratic electors pledged to Kerry. On the off chance  that those electors won the statewide election, they would go to congress and Kerry would get 34 electorial votes. These electors could be anyone not holding public office. Plus voters can not control who the electors vote for. Voters end up getting confused because of the candidates the electors vote for.    