Generic_School is currently having a debate about who should be in charged of designing the summer projects,the answer is simple, the teachers. Teachers should be in charged of designing summer projects because they are more knowable about the class curriculum for the up coming school year. Also, they be in charged of designing summer projects because they are more qualified.

Teachers should design summer projects because they are more knowable about the curriculum for the up coming school year. Most summer projects are based around one class, so the project should directly reflect what is taught in that class. There is no better way to be sure of this then to have the teachers who teach theses classes also be the ones in charged on designing them. For example a chemistry class might want to do a project about punnet squires, but the class that year is based mostly on the Periodic Table. Because of this, teachers should design the projects because they know what the students will need to be prepared for in the up coming year.

Teachers are required to go to collage for a minim of 8 years before they are allowed to practice teaching Because of this, they are more qualified to design summer projects. While in collage for teaching you are taught how to make projects both interactive and educational. For example, a physics teacher could assign a project where you measure how far you can throw a paper airplane and then convert the measurement into various other measurements. This project is both helpful with preparing students for the upcoming class and still being interactive. This physics teacher knew how to balance out this project because it is is one of the things they teach in the collage curriculum, making them more qualified to design projects.

Although some may say that students are more likely to do summer projects if they are the ones who get to design them, this is simply not true. No matter what design is chosen this choice will not make everyone happy. Also there will always be students that just wont do the assignment no matter who chose the design. For example, a few years back I had an assignment in biology about the water cycle, although the teacher let us chose our groups and the projects design there where still students who refused to do the project.

The answer to Generic_School's debate is simple. Teachers should be the ones designing summer projects because they are more knowable about the upcoming class curriculum and they are more qualified. 