Some schools are beginning to offer ways that students can attend class through online classes or through video conferences. These options would give the student the ability to attend school from home. This would positively affect students who struggle to learn in the normal classroom environment and It would also have a positive impact on students who fail to make it to school.

These online options would have a positive impact on the students who struggle to learn in the classroom setting. One problem students may have is that they struggle focus and learn from a teacher in class. This problem would be improved if they had the option to take classes online that are centered around the best way for them to learn. In a normal class a teacher often teaches the same way to everyone but the reality is everyone learns differently. Another problem students may face is, anxiety. Some students have anxiety and find it hard to learn with others. Online classes would help them learn a topic at their own pace away from situations that may keep them from learning.

Another way, online classes would help is with students who are unable to make it to school. The most common reason for students missing school is that they are sick and are told to stay home. This happens every year and these students who have to stay home often miss multiple days at a time. This causes them to fall behind and it can be difficult to catch back up. With online calls these students who have to miss time at school can still learn while keeping away from others. Another way students could miss school is if they simply do not have transportation to school. Many parents often aren't able to take their kids to school leaving them to ride the bus. During this time, students often wake up late and miss the bus. If they had the option of joining the class online they could continue to learn and this mistake wouldn't put them behind.

With these points, many often say that if online school was added then it would take away from the classroom experience and interactions. While this could be true to students who only take these online classes, this doesn't mean that the real classroom is disappearing. These classes are meant for certain situations or students and are often used as a second option.

Summarizing, many schools are beginning to offer online classes or video conferences for students to use from home. These options would have a major impact on most students. It would help students that struggle to learn in a classroom and it would help students who can't make it to school. In order to ensure that these online classes can become options, this topic has to be introduced and explained to the school board.