In the article Unmasking the Face on Mars the face is just a natural landform. The reason this is is because there has been things found like this before. Another is that there is no solid proof that the landform was made by aliens. A third reason is that the people that got the rumor started about all of this are conspiracy theorists.

There has been things like this found in space before. In the article the author states that the sensation of finding the landform was short lived because scientists figured it was just another mesa. Since the scientist said another that means there has been things like this found before. If there has been others found before why is this one so special. The scientist state that they were not actually consstructed there.

Besides that there is actually no solid proof that this landform was made by aliens. That is just an opinion. The fact that it looks lika face is the only reason people believed that the landform was made by aliens. Nobody has ever actually been on mars to investigate this landform and prove that it was made by aliens. The only things we have of it are just pictures. So that means that there is no solid proof that the landform was alien made.

The people that came up with the rumor are conspiracy theorists. That means that the thought of this landform being alien made is just a conspiracy theory. A conspiracy theory is just a buch of bits and pieces of infromation that the theorist put together and think is suppost to mean something. These bits and pieces of infromation are put together even if they didn't happen in chronological order. That means that all a conspiracy theory is is an edjucated guess. Once again that also means there if no solid proof about it.

All three of those reasons go along with the fact that the face looking landform in space is not alien made. All of the rumor about this landform beging alien made are just guesses and theories. With that being said I hope that now people will stop believing everything that people say about this subject unless they have solid proof that what they are saying is true.