Are you thinking about joing the Seagoing Cowbows? If you are I got plenty of reasons why you shoud and also what you do in this program. Think to yourself what would you do in Seagoing Cowboys.

I think that you should join the

Seagoing Cowboys because it will allow you to expeirence and visit many unique places.

When you are on board the ship you can find many things to do and many games to play. Sometimes after the animals were unloaded the would play baseball and volleyball. In

On the ship there is many things tod o. Some people have to take night watch to stay up and watch the animals. During the day you have to feed and water the animals three times. If someone on that boat didn then those animals would be useless.

Luke was a Seagoing Cowboy and he did a lo og these things i said. Luke took night watch to watch the animals, that noght after ruturning his report in he fell down stair towards an opening of the ocean, but he caught himeself. Luke broke ribs so he could not work for a while. Also when he broke his ribs he found to have fun on the boat and off the boat. They could play games in the animals pen when they got unloaded. Like I said they could play games like Volleyball and Baseball.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy need s confidence and strngth, you oculd get picked to do any job but you dont know what it is. When your on the boat it is to late to go back becasue you are in the middle of the sea.

Joining the Seagoing Cowboys is an oppertunity to have fun make friends and explore. You can also go see new counties and got o unique places.

Some people can take that to heart.

Sometimes goi ng to a different country is like seeing something that you loved the most that you havnt seen in a while. That place you visit could be where your family originated from. Joining the Seagoing

Cowboys would be an amzing thin to do. Yes you would hae your ups and downs but you can always get back up. Just think if you join the Seagoing Cowboys you can do a lot of the things that you thought you could not do. That would be amazing. If I got the oppertunity to be a Seagoing Cowboy I would say yes because I like to push my limmits. 