Driverless cars should be allowed when they are safe, and when they are complete. You still should let people drive regular cars though because doing this is taking away people's freedom to drive if the cars become fully driverless. Just think about all the teenagers who won't get to expeirience driver's ed and getting their license and how exciting it is.

Also if there is a technical problem with the driverless cars it could be a hazzard. If they are going to make them driverless they should at least make where the person can manually control it incase of failing technology. The car also since it isn't a human it doesn't have the reaction time that our brains allow us to have. It also doesn't have judgement and any skills to fix itself if the car breaks down.

It would also make people mad because they have a right to drive and some won't like it if you take that away from them. Also some people are control freaks and always would like to be in control of their vehicle. You also couldn't own your own car as the story says because it will be more of an automative cab system instead of your own propery. So no more making your vehicle the way you wan't it, it would also take away people's hobbies of fixing up cars.

The other thing is that it would cost people and the government more to keep the cars up and running with all the technology and also how many cars there will be to satisfy people. Also what would we do with all the old cars? Would we just junk all of the old cars? The smart cars would also have to be able to adapt to ever road condition as well if they are driverless and it would be hard to program all different cars for different conditions. It would also cost a lot to fund this in the first place and to get people to warm up to the idea.

I think that if we do the driverless cars then it should also be affordable for people to use. I also don't think that technology could mimic a human's actions when they drive because a human body is way more advanced than technology is. If something happend to the car while you were in it what would you do? would you have to call someone, because the normal person couldn't fix the tech inside of a driverless car to get it back up and running. People in the story even said that we would need smart roads as well to make this work. They also said what would happen in an accident and if it would be the fault of the person in the car or the car manufacturer. Also they would need to make countless new laws to even make this car legal and able to drive on the roads because as of now the cars are only legal in three states and the capital.

So that is why I am against the use of driverless cars for now mostly because I don't think they would be safe to use.