Sometimes when your in a situation and you need help or just need to talk to someone about it, your basically asking for advice. If you find someone who can give you knowledge on that topic it can really help you now and in the long run. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.

Going to get advice from someone can help you get different views. If you are talking to your mom about the situation, she'll probably tend to be in the middle or on both side's. That's probably because she want's you to see the other side of things too. Seeing the other side of things can change your perspective and lead you to see more than what you saw before.

The Washington Post says "2 out of every 3 people end up sticking with the advice their friends, family, teachers give them about the other side. This is because it changes their view of things and makes them realize different things." Seeking for advice can really change the way you look at things and make you see clearer on one side than the other. You might hear one persons advice and think about the other side of things and what could happen if this.... if that... happens. If you go to 2 or more people it can make your decision easier to make.

If you go to someone who has been through something like it or who has needed the same kind of advice once before, they can share with you wiser advice. Sometimes when your really not sure what to do and you've already gone to a couple of people, find someone who has been through something like it before. Since they've been through it they can tell you why they came to the decision they made. This may help you with the decision making process. Going to a family member, friend, teacher, or coach that's been through it might steer you into a different direction then you may have hoped for, but they can definitely show you where they're coming from.

New York Times explains, "74% of young adults who go to seek advice from someone who has been through the situation says it helps them see why they chose what they went with. Even though this may not work for all situations, it can certainly help in some ways, even if it's not huge." This is a way of telling yourself that even if you didn't go with that persons advice, at least you saw it through and got a better look at all of the options closely.

Different ways of handling the situation is big. You could go one or another, but your just not sure.

The Generic_City Newspaper says "A way to help you decide what to do in a situation is to ask each person you go for different advice. For example ask each person a different question and this way you get different answers, in which gives you different ways to handle the situation." There can be many different options and sometimes it can be overwhelming, but if you limit how many people you ask and ask them each a different question, than you can focus on those answers instead of a bunch of overloading advice. If you ask 2 or 3 people for advice it will make it easier on you, but of course don't just ask one person because it helps to know all the different opinions.

In the end, I think it is really important that when you are seeking advice, to go to at least more than 2 different people. Even if two of those people give you basically the same answer, at least you went to them because you might not need their advice now, but in the long run their advice could really help. Getting advice from multiple people can help you make a better choice because they could have a totally different point/opinion and they could really help you see all the other options than just yours. They can also help you to see the other side of things and maybe even make you agree with that side, which could change your whole perspective of things. It's really helpful to seek advice from your peers, but I think it's even more helpful to go to more than one person. To see all of your options. You should always go for what you think the right choice is, even if your best friend gave you completely different advice. Next time you need advice, would you go to someone who can help you make a better choice, or would you go to someone who can give you the advice you're really looking for?                