Despite driverless cars not being able to be absolutely driverless the vehicles still are able to do actions that human beings would not be able to do. Such as use less gas while driving, and still haul more people. Driverless cars will, in the long run, cut out the workers who drive for a living, like taxi drivers or semi drivers. Those workers may be able to still work for the company, but work on the car instead of in it. In the end driverless cars use half the fuel as a human would while driving a vehicle and use less money for the cost of gas. The conclusioin that companies would have to also think about is that employers do not have to pay their employees, who previously had to drive, as much because the drivers would not be driving anymore.

While the driverless vehicles are using les gas, that is an added bonus for the economy because the United States would have to buy less oil form the Middle East causing the U.S to have more money to pay back the trillion dollars of debt that is currently owed. Also the less fuel being put out of vehicles will help the ecosystem and the O-Zone by helping restore it and keeping Global Warming less of a threat to the world. The vehicles will be "more flexible than a bus," meaning that the automobiles will hold more people, use less gas, and get places quicker and safer. The automotives will still be able to have a human driver, but only when needed. Such as in necessary times as a traffic jam, or if there is road work ahead.

The driverless cars are not just as safe or more safe than a car being driven by a person. The driverless cars have "driven more than half a million miles without a collision." Today so many teen drivers get into collisions with other drivers because of distractive devices. Where the are driverless carsare without a person and just a piece of technology, the technology will not have the temptation of picking up a cell phone or radio device. Also many popular car brands are making their own type of driverless cars such as General Motors, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan who all plan of having the vehicles be sold out tothe general public.

Many American people watch television about futureistic devices and lifestyles including driverless cars. Car manufactures saw what the people wanted and decided to help make that dream become reality. Although the title says "driverless cars", it is not entirely true. The vehicles will still have a human opporator, but the human will not be one hundred percent involved in the driving. In the end the cars will be little to not dependent on the human att all just when there is unwanted road adviseries ahead.

Some new laws will have to come with the production of the new driverless cars but all good things must have a few boundries. Some new laws may include who will be at fault if someone gets injured if the vehicle collides with another car or pedestrian. Although right now it is unclear who will be held responsible if there is an injury or death caused from the automobile, many discussions are being thought out by the car companies. The big question of liability right now is who will be heald responsible the manufacturer or the driver? Depending on the given situation that question will remain unsolved until it can be tested out and argued on both sides.

Although some people may not believe in the idea of a driverless car, it has many more positives than negatives. The car will use less gas, helping the ecostystem and the economy. Use less money on gas, saving people many dollars on taxes and helping the U.S out of debt. Hold more people, helping people get places quicker and safer if someone is to drive. Lastly the cars have less threats of getting destracted as a normal human would. Therefore driverless cars can only help the average person by saving money, being safer, and using time more affectively.