What is the one thing a citizen of the united states sees just about everyday of their lives, vehicles. Vehicles are one of the most important creations America has ever had to offer but sadly there is a catch its killing this planet we call Earth. But there is a simple way to stop this atrocity from going any further. Its quite simple really all we need to do is limit our time driving. The advantages of doing this will help stop air pollution, reduce stress, and help urban and rural areas feel more like a community.

its incredible how with time communitys stopped being what they used to be. What happened to everyone knowing everyone in their community. Well if we limit the time of driving not only will we need to find people to carpool with, Americans are going to start meeting new people and start becoming more of a community again. Studys last year has shown that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. They either biked everywhere or carpooled with friends and family becoming dependent on other people in their communitys.

The danger and stress that comes with driving is unmeasurable. Everytime you drive on the road you are putting your life and everyone your driving with lives in danger. Its only reasonable to say the less amount of people driving the less stressed Americans are. In the passage car-free day spinning into a big hit in bogota, by andrew selsky he states "Its a good opportunity to take away stress..." and many other articles state that as well such as In German suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars written by Elisabeth Rosenthal "when i had a car i was always tense. im much happier this way". Driving less stressed will also lead to less accidents and less deaths per year.

Pitch black skys, every breath you take is killing you, and you wonder why did this happen, and you think back to all the advice people gave to you about driving. The future is sometimes hard to think about when your living in the present but the future will come and what it is will be based on what you make it. Air pollution is one of the biggest risks to this earth we have. To help stop this pollution well have to give up on using gas but for now lets take a baby step and just limit our time driving. Many communitys have stopped and or limited their time driving. Bogota located in colombia, paris, Vauban located in germany, why not just limit time spent driving in America.

Let us be the last of a dying breed and the birth of a new generation by being role models and start acting as americans worried about this planet. Out of everything asked for us to do this is only a tiny portion of it. This change will not only help us altogether it will change the outcome of the future for the better.    