It could be of good use. For example say you have a student that isnt having a good week. Lets say you cant fully tell if they are in a good or bad mood right. You could just bring the "FACS" Machinery and let that be the judge. We could also say that there are people who know how to hide emotions physically. So looking at them might let you think they are happy but really they are sad, lonely, depressed, ect. That would be another good momment for that to be there. To let you know how the person is really feeling.

There are both pros and cons to having this machine ill go over the pros first. Some pros are that you will be able to tell someones mood. Aswell as that you will be able to tell if someone is lying about there true feelings which could really be a problem when it comes to things like depression leading to suicides and things. Finally being able to know someones emotions could work to your favor as a teacher say someone is confused but to shy or scared to ask. Use the "FACS" machine to get them out of there. Some cons would be things like it could take priceless time out of your teaching to use the machine. They didnt give a estimate of how long it takes but i'd expect it to be a pretty long time. Also it could take a big price hit on the schools around the nation, I couldnt imagine this being a cheap device. Finally it could be useless. Some teachers wont take time out of their class to use it because frankly they just dont/wont care. Which would be a total bust seeing that the school would waste so much money just for it to go to waste.

I honestly think its amazing how someone can tell you how they are feeling at that moment. The diversity must be off the walls. it must be 1 in a million to get the same feeling. Its crazy the things we can do now a days with technology. People are coming up with more and more ways to initiate a more satisfactory lifestyle. Its always good to see someone take that inititive and start something like this. Seeing this I wonder what could be next. 