Driverless cars, in my opinion, do not seem like a very good and safe idea. In the passage is talks about the cars only reaching up to 25 mph by themselves and that they aren't completely driverless. The cars can "steer, accelerate, and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." So, what happens if there's a mechanical problem or the "driver" isn't paying attention?

When or if accidents were to occur in these driverles cars, without certain regulations being made, it would be hard for officers to determine who's fault the accident was. It could be a possible mechanical flaw, such as the seat not vibrating when the car is about to back into something. This also stirs up the problem of it possibly being the driver's fault as well since they weren't being fully alert as they should've been. I feel as though these driverless cars cause driver's to become lazy and careless. They assume nothing will go wrong and all they have to do is sit back and relax unitl they have reached their destination. This is not the case however because if there were a mechanical flaw or a work zone or accident, and the driver wasn't paying attention, they could harm themselves or others. Driverless cars provide individuals with a false sense of security.

The passage also discusses the possibility of drivers getting bored and manufacturers creating entertainment systems for the drivers that can be turned off immediately when the driver needs to take over. This kind of contradicts the authors previous claim about the drivers needing to pay attention at all times. if manufactuerers are wanting to make entertainment systems, they obviously aren't too worried about drivers paying attention to the road. The entertainment systems are basically being made to make the drivers lazy and distracted that way they don't get "bored" while sitting there letting the care drive. WIth things in the car to distract the drivers, it seems very dangerous and unsafe for everyone.

Overall, driverless cars are not a wise investment. Although they are called driverless cars, their name actually is a contradiction to what they really are. The cars do drive themsleves however they cannot maneuver around workzones and accidents so the driver must be paying attention at all times. Drivers get a false sense of security and think that the only thing they have to worry about is wathcing out for the occasioanl workzones and accidents. This is not the case. Driver's still have to be aware of other drivers as well and the driverless cars are not guaranteed that there won't be any mechanical flaws. Granted, driverless cars are an advancement in technology, but i don't believe all scenarios have been tested enough for them to work to the full potential everyone thinks they will. 