Have you ever thought about what the world would do without automobiles. I have and it isn't pretty. Paris has enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Now, chew on that! I mean if you think about all the gas stations, and all the space that automobiles take up, it really wouldn't be a bad idea in banning cars in like citys and small towns. If you were to drive 20 miles in 8 minutes, How fast do you think you would get to that destination if you were to walk that 20 miles. Some situations just isn't fair, Like motorists with even-numbered license plates would have to leave their car at their home, or suffer a 31$ fine. One of the most populated city in the world has gone down to 60% of their population in about five days of intensifying smog. If you were to get rid of all these cars, Who would be getting up every morning just to go to school or even their jobs?

I've thought about alot of things in my life, But never across the fact of get rid of cars. The advantages of limiting automobiles are high, just for the fact of smog problems, or even damaging the air that we breath. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicle in France, compared to 53.3 percent average of idesel engines in the rest of Western Europe, according to Reuters.(Duffer,16)

Pow!

You just ran into a car trying to park the long bed V8 4*4 Nissian Titan at gatorbait in Melrose FL. All that money that you payed to get the stupid truck, and now you dented the front bumper. That will be 12,000 for the truck, with another 2,000 to fix the front bumper. How can save money, but also get rid of all this crammed space. I will have to say that we need to get rid of all these cars and just leave them at the house.

I don't know what will happen to automobile shops, but it isn't about the lousy shops! It's about our freedom to do what we please, and if that means that automobiles are in the way, remove them. We, the people, need to make more compact, accessible places where it will be with less space to park. I have an idea, let's forbidden street parking, Driveways, home garages, and generally anything that can be used to park or put a car in. Until that happens it is just a dream, that hundreds would love to become reality. Fellow citizens should also make only 2 places avaliable to park, and that would be parking garages or you have to pay 40$ and buy a house if you break a rule to drive your car to a place.

It just dosen't make sense to keep something that is causing us so much greaf. Did you know that passanger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe,While up to 50% in the U.S is car intensive areas. Life as we know still goes on like nothing has every really bothered us like the Automobiles do. "Our Development since World War 2 has been centered around the car, now that has go to change." Said David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America. They are promoting new communities that would be less dependent on cars. I believe that we finish this car problems, We can focus on more important things such as life, family, and Money.

As I write, People are out in the real world making cars for humans like me and you. If we can't put a stop to having all these new vehicles, than it truly will say something about us and who we are as a community. Yes, I agree with having vehicles to drive from point A to B, But that dosen't mean that I don't want change that will help us with money issues. Automobiles are a waste of space, and can hurt by putting all this money that we're just throwing away like we are the richest country in the World. But, we are not.    