What would happen if you got into a driverlesscar and you got hurt? Who's fault would it be yours or the manufactures? I am against driverless cars because they aren't safe, they could malfuntion, and it could cause lots of court trouble when deciding who's fault a car accident was.

Driverless cars are not safe to ride in. They don't know what to do when it comes to getting around an accident, navigation through roadwork, how to deal with complicated traffic issues, and they don't even know how to pull in and out of drive ways or pull over. I would not trust a car that can't even get out of the drive way or stop on the side of the road. If it can't do these things people could get very hurt because the car doesn't know what to do. I wouldn't get a driverless car for fear of not being safe.

Driverless cars can malfunction. These cars could malfunction and put anybody in harms way because of something that went wrong. We know that they don't know how to pull over, pull in or out of a driveway,deal with traffic issues, or go around roadwork and accidents. They obviously aren't safe to ride in and on top of that everything with technology at some point malfunctions and messes up. The question is do you want to be in the car when it does that? What if it takes the wrong route and you become lost, what if it stops moving and causes and accident? I don't want to be the person who had the malfunctioning driverless car that hurt someone do you?

We know that they aren't safe and that they can malfunction but whose going to pay for that? You or the manufacturer? What if it's not your fault and the car messes up and instead of the company taking responsibilty for what happened you have to. There are going to be tons of cases that will fight about who's fault it is and you may never actually know butone of you still has to pay the expensises of the car and not everyone can do that. Some peole can't afford to pay that cost of the damage that the car makes but sometimes it's not going to be fair and people will still have to do it. Laws will have to be changed to about traffic and liability and not everyone is going to agree with them and it can cause trouble. It's to much trouble to pay for the messes the cars make on the streets and in the court room.

We know that the driverless cars aren't safe, they can malfunction, and that they can cause trouble in the court room. I wouldn't put myelf in danger by waiting till something happend to be against it. I don't want people to wait till someone gets hurt, lost, or loses money in a court case to realize that we shoul not have driverless cars.   