Dear State Senator, I am feeling the need to change the Ellectoral College to election by popular votes for the president of the united states. I feel this way for three reasons. The first reason is because over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind that we have now. The second reason is because under the Electoral college system, voters vote not for president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. The last reason is because the most basic level, the Electoral college is unfair to voters.

The first reason why I think that they need to change the Electoral College to election by popular votes,is because over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency. And yet, the Electoral College still has it's defenders. That was the first reason why they should change the Electoral College to election by popular votes.

The second reason why I think that they need to change the Electoral College to election by popular votes, is because under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, butr for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. So the Electoral College usually wins since the votes go in to the House of Representatives first, which is really unfair to the other people that are doing the election. That was the second reason why they should change the Electoral College to election by popular votes.

The last reason why I think that they need to change the Ellectoral College to election by popular votes, is because at the most basic level, the Electoral College is unfair nto voters. Because of the winner-takes-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. But it's official: The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arrguments in favor of it are mostly asserstions without much basis in reality. That was the last reason why they should change the Electoral College to election by popular votes.

State senator i'm writing you this letter so you can hopefully change the Electoral College to election by popular votes. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. so the only last words that I have to say to you are: Abolish the Electoral College!    