Almost everyone in the world has once in their life asked for advice. Asking for advice is something we all do, but asking more people for advice can acually help you more than just asking one person. Asking from a variety of people can help you make the best decision possible. People that are close to you can help you in your decision making process. Talking to more than one person is importent because it limits a person's bias, will give you a reason to support your choice, and having diverse advice often leads to new solutions to the decision you are faced with.

Everyone on Earth has biases no matter your income, gender, or age. The reason we all have biases is because each one of us lived a life different from anyone else. Just like snowflakes no two humans are the same. For this reason when you ask someone for advice the answer will reflect their experianceses and their life. For example, if you are unsure if you should travel to Greece and you ask someone who had a bad experiance over there or does not like to travel, then that person will very likely say that you should not go. But on the other hand if someone lived in Greece they would most likely say that you should travel and it is a nice place to see. If you would not have asked the second person your impression would have been due to the first person who was unfortunate to have a bad experiance, so you may have missed an oppurtunity to vist the place. When you ask more people for advice you will get more facts and will make your perspective grow and help you make a better choice.

A good reason to ask advice from more than one person is for you to get all the possible options that are presented to you. When one person gives advice they may not think of a reason why it would be a bad choice untill you talk to more people. Instead, if you ask more people each person will widen your view on things and tell you more choices to your decisions. Once you have talked to other people you will have an easier time to make your decision because you got different kinds of views and the pros/cons for the different choices that are optional.

Asking for advice not just from one person can be really benaficial to you. The reason is that each person has a different point of view, so if you as the person asking for advice get a response that you have not thought of already, it can make you start to think of better solutions to your decision. For example, scientists when they are trying to figure out a solution for a problem are not going to just ask one expert for an answer, but they will ask multiple other scientists for thier ideas and knowledge to come up with the best solution. Asking different sources can help you come up new solutions/choices to the decision and can lead you into a new way of thinking.

Hard decisions are not easy to deside on. Asking for advice is sometimes necassory for people to think through their choices with other people. Asking more than one person not only helps you think through the choices at hand, but also opens your perspective and makes you come up with creative out of the box ideas. It helps with making day to day decisions and big problems in life. Asking for advice from different people will help your life and help you make better decisions/choices.    