At some place like NASA, when they are building these multi-million dollar space crafts, do you think they have one person who designs everything, checks his own work once and then they send these ships into space? The answer is no. They have a bunch of different people checking their numbers and working on these projects because it's the most effective way. Talking to more than one person before making a decision can help you when trying to solve a problem, research, or at your job just like they do at NASA.

The first way asking multiple people can help you is if you are trying to solve a problem. In school if we have a hard homework assignment I'll usually text two of my friends in that class. One time one of them was out of town, and my other friend and I both got a question wrong. We both then got points taken off. If we would have had a third person to check the problem we probably could have figured it out. If you are trying to solve a problem by your self, you can never guarantee you'll get it right.

The next way asking multiple people can help you is when you are researching something. If you have a topic you are really interested in you will usually read more than one article or book about it. I love to read, and I love sports, so when there if there is some big nationals trade I'll read a few articles about the new players or just about the trade. If there is a paper I have to do for school I'm also going to check more than one website so I can see more than one point of view.

The last way asking multiple people can help you is in your everyday job. My dad is a plumber. One time he came home from work and said that he was supposed to fix a fouset that day, but the pipe valves he bought were the wrong size. There was one size that almost every house in America has, but this house was different. They had bought $50 worth of pipes and didn't even use them. He then had to buy new ones and fix the fouset another day. He had checked with the mother but she said that she wasn't sure what size they needed. If he would have checked with the father of the family they wouldn't have wasted the pipes. Another job that you would check with more than one person would be coaching. When a coach picks his or her team they probably check with the second coach and decide together who they will pick.

It can never hurt to ask more than one person for advice. Seeking multiple opinions can always help making a better choice. Whenever you are trying to decide something ask two of your friends and they can only help. Talking to more than one person before making a decision can help you when trying to solve a problem, research, or even at your job.