The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. In the article, the author has many supporting statements that support the idea of exploring Venus despite the risk that Venus gives.

In the beginning of paragraph 4 it says, "Venus was once the have been Earth-like planet in the solar system," and Venus is close to being the same in density, distance from the sun, and size as Earth is. If that is so then Venus deserves to be explored and studied.

In the article it says, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." In this statement, the author brings up that traveling beyond Earth shouldn't be stopped by dangers that come along with doing so. In the third paragraph of the article, the author talks about Venus and its dangers that the author mentions, such as the temperature and atmosphere. In order for the author to say why they feel that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit, they write about the issues first to get to their opinion on why they think it is worth exploring Venus, which has been done but not successfully for scientists to say wether or not that Venus could one day have life on it or not.

Once the author stated all the issues that there was and the complications, they talked about their opinion. Supporting their opinion, they wrote about what NASA was doing to be able to make visiting Venus one day almost possible. The author wrote about the inventions and ideas NASA had and put that into one whole paragraph, starting at paragraph 5, as their supporting evidence. NASA thought about the idea of floating above the surface at about 30 miles or so above the landscape as to not be on the hot surfcae of Venus. If scientists were to float above the surface of Venus to be at 170 degrees Fahrenheit instead of 800 degress Fahrenheit, it would make it impossible to gather data to take to analize so NASA came up with the idea of electronics made of silicon carbide and use mechanical compters from the 1800's.

The author had many supporting facts in the article as to why they think it is worthy studying Venus despite the dangers it presents. They had statistics and facts that supported their idea and had done their research well. 