As of April 2013 the number of miles driven per person was down 9 percent. So that means people are starting not to drive as much, which is not a bad thing. Actually they're many advantages to limiting car usage. Limiting car usage can actually help the environment, help the emissions, and if we do limit car usage it can make cities denser as well as having some places that don't use cars. Which will be good for the world.

Transportation is really big in America. People drive all the time, were a moving country. So driving and using cars does effect our enviornment. One big thing going on is smog. One country that i can point out is Paris. Paris had so much smog that they enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of global city. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..." according to the article Paris bans driving due to smog by Robert Duffer. Paris has more smog than other european capitals. Which is really bad because that can effect us as humans. In Bogota They are doing a program that involves banning cars for a day. The goal was to promote transportation and reduce smog which it did. So limiting car usage can improve safety and make the environment more clean.

Limiting car usage can also have beneficial implications for carbon emissions. If we created cities with pedestrian, bicycle, private cars, it can lower emissions and if the emissions are in good care then the environment will be to, "since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants." President Obama has goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emissions. Experts say" Is a huge impediment to current eforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes..." according to the article In German suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars, by Elisabeth Rosenthal she says" Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United states. So thats pretty bad so if we limit car usage we can help fix that and maybe even have a lower percentage on emissions.

Vauban home to 5,500 residents are really taking limitation to cars serious. They may be the most advanced experiement in low-car suburban life. But they are doing really good. Other countries around the world are adopting what they are doing in attempts to make suburbs more compact and more accessible, which is a good thing. Espescially for people that dont use cars, and especially if your trying to make the air more cleaner. According to In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars, "Vauban, copleted in 2006 is an example of a growing trend in Europe, the United States and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called " Smart planing"." This is a advantage for the world because we need to have someplaces that actually dont use cars. Also Vauban can inspire other countries to do the same. Which will be a advantage.

So they're are many advantages for limiting car usage. A lot has to do with the environment like it reduces smog and helps emissions which will be better for the world. The biggest advantage for limitation on car usage is pretty much a better world and who wouldnt want to live in a better world. It can also help other places be like Vauban. They don't use cars as much and it works for them, and a lot of people should start doing that. These advantages will really help the world if we do decide to ever limit car usage.                        