Car usage to some people doesnt matter. Some people say that they would rather walk than drive a car. Heidrun Walter said ''when i had a car i was always tense. Im much happier this way". Most normal people would rather ride in a vehicle but these people have a good point. Not only does it make them happier to walk but it also is better for the enviornment. There is less air polution. The biggest thing is smog.

Smog is a very big consern in todays socity. After days of near record pollution, paris enforced a partial ban to clear the air of the global city. With no vehicles on the road, that means no smog. Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of france, after 5 days of intensifying smog. Cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions.

Diesel fuel was blamed, since france has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in france, compared to a 53.3 percent average of deiselengines in the rest of western Europe, according to reuters. Delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions were made for plug in cars, hybrids, and cars carring three or more passengers. Public transit was free of charge from friday to monday, according to the bbc.

Vauban, completed in 2006, is an example of a growing trend in europe, the united states and elsewhere to seperate suburban life from auto use, as a component of a movement called smart planning."All of our development since world war II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change," said David Goldberg, and official of transportation America.

Most people would freak out if they had to loose there vehicles. But if you look at it the way these people do then it wouldnt be that bad. Smog is hurting the world all over. There would be less car accidents. And there would be less gas and oil sources being used. It helps the world and some people said that it makes them happeir and they arent usually as sterssed or mad ever sence the got rid of there cars.         