Have you ever had the chance of doing an activity after school? I've had the opportunity and I'm glad I took it and it also helped me a lot. Some schools provide extracurricular activities, those can benefit you and others with new friendships, try new things, and if you have a dream that you want to pursue you can get the help that you need.

One reason why students should attend extracurricular activities is to make new friendships. I remember this one time when I was still in elementary, I didn't know anyone, I completely felt left out. Until a group of girl came up to me because they felt bad. After that I realized that when I was stuck on a bad situation something good could come out of it. With that I encourage you to branch out and make new friends because you never know when you need them.

Another reason can be students have the ability to try new things. When someone thinks of this it may seem scary to them but, it will improve skills and help a person find their true passion. Lets say that a girl's into crafts, she would be put in a activity related to her liking. Someone's into sports or would want to engage in one, they can work on that in hopes of getting in a activity that assures their needs. Simply this can help make someone find a passion if their not set on anything yet or it can help pursue a dream.

A I stated before trying new things can lead to pursuing a dream. Some students already have in their minds what they want to do as a future career. Once my mom and I went to one of these activities a while ago, and one of them stuck out to me, interior designing. After introducing myself to this kind of program I realized that I want this to be my next dream in life. What I'm saying is that pursuing a dream isn't hard, theres so many opportunities and doors that will open for you, but only if you let them.

In conclusion, everyone should do an extracurricular activity. Right now it may not seem as much or it may seem boring to some people but what it consists of may help you like making new friendships that then lead you to try new things and then you end up pursuing a dream or thinking of one. These activities are just a way to help you and others branch out into the world because, everyone deserves a little fun here and there!