A few weeks ago, a priest said to me, "Go the second mile." That sentence really hit me. I asked myself if I was giving back to the world as much as the world gave me. I'm sure you know that going the second mile means don't do the minimum, go above and beyond. I thought adding this short story would be important because sometimes kids just wanna do the minimum of going to school and then going home. I think that every kid should do at least one extracurricular activity because they can help you succeed with your academic life, do exercise, and have fun.

First, I think that extracurricular activities can help you succeed with your academic life. For example, you can go to a math club if that is what you need help with. This demonstrates that doing extracurricular activities can help you do better on a subject. For instance, you can get help from your teacher or coach on a subject that they might know more than you about. This shows that extracurricular activities can be a way to get more help on subjects you might need extra help with. Also, going to an extra class or activity can help you minimize your laziness by having not just to go there, but to complete the work you are given there too. My examples are all evidence of why extracurricular activities can help you do better on a subject.

Second, extracurricular activities can be a way to do exercise. For example, you can join a basketball team or soccer team. Joining any sports team would help you do exercise by playing with your teammates and practicing. For instance, you can join a math club, memory club, or any other type of academic club that can help you think and answer questions. This demonstrates that joining and academic club can help you exercise your brain by thinking and answering questions. Another way extracurricular activities can be a way to do exercise is by doing community service for your teachers. Doing community service like cleaning tables or organizing the library is a way to do exercise because you are constantly moving your arms and legs. In this paragraph I showed you how extracurricular activities can help you work your muscles and exercise your brain.

Finally, extracurricular activities can be a way to have fun. For example, you can hang out with your friends. Hanging out with your friends and doing an activity together can not only strengthen your friendship but also can be an excellent way to have fun. For instance, going to a basketball club or a club you really like can be an amazing way to have fun. This is because you get to do an activity that you love not just by your self, but with other people that love it too. Another piece of evidence that shows that extracurricular activities can be a way to have fun is by meeting new people and making friends. Meeting new people and making friends is always fun if you let it be, so it demonstrates that extracurricular activities are a really good way to have fun. Every piece of evidence I wrote here are excellent examples of why extracurricular activities can bring you joy and happiness.

In conclusion, I think that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can help you do better on a subject, help you work your muscles and brain, and bring you joy and happiness. Go try an extracurricular activity with your friends. In case you don't like the activities in your school, ask to make a new one. They are always worth the trouble. A very wise religious leader once told me, "Go the second mile." I found those words to be the greatest I have ever been told.