Summer vacation is a time of relaxation, and a sense of relief for most students when it comes around each year; however it can be altered by various tasks and assignments that teachers give out to help continue their learning over the break. There is an ongoing debate over whether teachers should design these projects or whether students should design them. Those who disagree state that teachers should in fact be creating these projects due to more knowledge, and guidelines they so desire, but this is not true. Although some may disagree, students should have the luxury of designing these projects for the sake of their summer vacation and maintaining mental stability and well being.

There are a variety of reasons why students should self lead their projects over their break. Students who are able to implement there own style of learning onto a topic will find themselves understanding the content better. The limitation of guidelines will also relieve stress and unnecessary fear of failure that these students would normally feel during the stressful and long year. Without barriers holding them within a confined though process, they can think more creatively and have more free flowing ideas and topics to put into their project. Also with the luxury of student designed projects they can start and manage the project however they want. For example if they want to get an early start and progressively work on it throughout the summer they can or if perhaps they wanted to have more fun and enjoy the free time, students could wait a month or so and then proceed on starting.

Furthermore, these projects should be student lead because teachers lead and initiate lessons, projects, content, etc for 180 days throughout the school year. These young adults should be granted the opportunity to be able to think for themselves and problem solve on their own. These individual thoughts and discoveries can be essential to their maturity, and growth into becoming and thinking like the young and upcoming adults they'll soon be. As these students get older they will be working at jobs that sometimes won't explain the problem to fix or just provide them with guidelines and a guiding hand in the task; subsequently, they will have to lean on prior knowledge, and problem solving skills to achieve whatever is in front of them.

Although some may disagree, students should have the luxury of designing these projects for the sake of their summer vacation and maintaining mental stability. Those who disagree state that teachers should take the initiative and lead these various projects to implement guidelines, to cover content that their students would be learning more of later in the upcoming year, and because they know what's best for them and have more knowledge on the matter, but this is not true. I believe that the pros of students being responsible and managing their time to create their own projects outweighs the pros of teachers leading projects and possibly having results that aren't very stellar. This just prepares the students for college, careers, and what's upcoming in the near future.