With the rise of new technology in the 21st century, such as the Internet and online classes, homeschooling became a viable alternative for students, who want to learn without distractions prevalent at private/ public schools. Homeschooling is popular among some students it provides them with an education equivalent to that of a public school without leaving the safety of their own homes. Another benefit of homeschooling compared to other traditional forms of schooling, would be the virtually, unlimited access to knowledge from the Internet, while public and/or private schools only have to teach a bare minimum of knowledge to pass a standardized test. Homeschooling also makes students comfortable learning at their own pace, while public/private schools pressure their students to either learn at a certain pace or get left behind. With all of these factors taken in to account, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Distractions are relatively nonexistent for students who attend classes online. This is due to the the absence of chatter and gossip that is rampant at public/private schools, which make it hard for students to concentrate on their classwork. It is also due to some students who want to pursue their learning without the fear of being hazed/bullied by fellow classmates. One example of this situation, would be a depressed student who feels that it would be in their best interest to attend online classes at home, instead of being harassed by their bullies. This leads to another argument in favor of homeschooling: the relative safety of homeschooling compared to public/private schools.

Homeschooling is typically more safer than attending a private/public school. Attending classes online from home exponentially decrease the possibility of encountering harmful influences and/or danger, such as gangs and drugs from the outside world. These influences and danger from the outside world can sometime be brought in to public schools by other students. Homeschooling also provides students some form of relief knowing that they are relatively safe from the toxicity of the outside world. This is the case for many students, who live in the inner cities of Generic_City and Generic_City and have to deal with gangs and the possibility of getting shot at.

Students can learn at their own pace when they attend classes from home, compared to public schools, which force students to learn at a certain pace for a standardized test. Homeschooling would benefit students, who have learning disabilities or suffer from physical ailments/diseases, such as cancer or cerebral palsy. It also gives students the opportunity to learn more by accessing the vast quantity of information found on the Internet, and learn essential life skills, like buying a mortgage or paying taxes. However, some would argue that public schools teach students how to socially interact with people in the outside world and how to effectively deal with pressure/stress and disappointments, while attending online classes from home does not properly teach these important life skills. These concerns are valid due to the importance of having social skills in life, but students can learn these skills through experience; for example, they can learn by going out with their friends or relatives.

Overall, students would greatly benefit from attending online classes at home. This would be to the absence of distractions, such as gossip, from homeschooling and the relative safety of being at home. It would also give students the opportunity to learn more on their own initiative and at their own pace. That is why students would benefit by attending online classes from home, rather than going to public/private schools.                                                                      