Voting for a President is an extremly big deal and needs to be decided properly. People argue the subject that the Electoral College is unfair opposed to an election that is held by popular vote. However, I disagree. The Electoral College is a process in which the most popular vote gets decided on and goes to Congress for the aproval. Voting for a president is a big deal, especially when the decisson is sealed for four years. The Electoral College has had people question it due to its inncodent in 2000 but overall, it is the best voting option.

Many citizens believe that when they vote that is the final process, no other descissons need to be made, but they are wrong. When qualified citizens vote for a president they also help choose their state's electors. The Electoral College process includes the selection of electors, the vote between who should be President or Vice President and then sent to Congress. Many people argue that the process of the Electoral College is unfair because the electors decide, not the citizens. What people dont understand is the Electoral College are actually deciding for us and thats what makes voters "iffy."

Under the Electoral College system, voters vote for the electors that actually decide who the president will be. (Plumer, 10) The issue that gets faced to the voting citizens is they cant control whom their electors vote for. This can be an issue because of whats known as the disaster factor. (Plumer, 11). The most known disaster factor was the big election crisis of 2000. The 2000 campaign was not held very properly, infact seventeen states didnt see the canidates at all. People say that the Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational but in all actuality it is the best way to vote for who will become president. Bob Dole made the comment "Abolish the Electoral College!" but if we had just a popular vote, without Congress having a say in the decisson, the process wouldnt be as organized.

In the year 2000 the Electoral College faced a big issue with the "fairness" of the voting process. At the time Al Gore and George W. Bush were running for president but Bush won receiving 271 electoral votes and Gore 266. (Plumer, 1) This made citizens furious because they saw the Electoral College being unfair to voters. Despite that particular campaign, the Electoral College has not shown much faults. All in all the Electoral College process gets the decisons made faster and more efficenty opposed to if it was just by the overall most popular vote.

The argument of the Electoral College method of choosing their president and loosing voters is very popular. Voters knowning their vote will not have any effect, the less voters choose to participate and listen to the campaign. But in all actuality one voters vote will not swich or make the election any different, that is why we have the Electoral College. The Electors make the decison for us, taking the most popular votes and looking them over putting in their extra votes. "Voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election" (Posner, 23). Despite the negative views on the Electoral College, it is actually the most organized "fair" voting process.    