My position on driverless cars is that im against the developing of these car because of what they bring. Things like this would probably cause chaos. More than likely to have accidents and whos fault would it be. Some situations with these driverless cars can also be crutial. Im against it because the laws, what wil happen after a accident, and how these things would actually work.

If the law focuses on how safety works and keeping everyone in the car safe, what if theres a malfunction and theres a accident ? Then who will get the blame for it ? The way it will work is if a human driver is in control right, but then the driverless car looses control or has a breakdown who will be affected ? The developer or the ones in the driverless car. The traffic laws are for someone to be in control of the car so therefore it is safe. Maybe a change in laws can solve this problem and conflict that may possibly happen.

Accidents happen daily, so will the driverless decrease the chances of that happening ? In my opinion is that technology goes wrong here and there not always but it happens. If these cars arent deveoped the proper way where theres accidents daily, who gets the blame. I personally think that the developer and the one who had the idea to make this should take a part in it. Why ? Simply because if you took the time to make something so cool and fun, it should also reach state safety laws. When accidents happen and if its the drivers fault they get blamed for it right ? So if this driverless car where there is no driver who get the blame for a injury, the driver or manufacturer.

How will this driverless car even work or be developed. The car is gonna have a sensor input system to take over when in traffic. Sensors arent really the best thing to have because something can cause it to stpo it from working then what happens there. If you still need to be in the driver seat and paying attention to the road what is the purpose of this developement ? It has its own brakes but you can take turns, but cant you do that in a normal car just takes alittle bit more time. This driverless car isnt a bright idea just because of the way it works and the problems it can cause.

Im against it because the laws, accidents and what can possibly happen, and the way this technology might take place. States are gonna have to change safety laws which in some the car needs to be proven to be safe. The accidents and the way things will be faced and who will be blamed is gonna be insane in most peoples opinion. The way technology might take place is also gonna be a factor because it can go wrong if not built right. Therefore im not so convinced about the developing on this driverless car.    