Dear principal

I heard that you were reconsidering having the schools cell phone policy. I think I could help you make a good choice about that in a way that could benefit us kids and you teachers. I think you should choose to let us have or phones in lunch and have them turned off in class. That would not be so bad.

The reason I am choosing this choice is because we get to use or phones in the cafeteria. Instead of being tempted to take them out in class and use them. Like that you guys know when we have our phones out and instead of us getting distracted in class. We will have thirty minutes in the cafeteria to text and do whatever we want with them.

I know I cant go one hour without my phone so when I have to go a whole school day without being able to use it to talk to my friends that like really sucks.

You guys don't want us to text in class so at least we will have that class period to listen to music text and hey even call our moms or dads if we have to. Like I know my mother is always trying to get in contact with me in class so like that she could tell me something. But I could not call or text her back because I am in class. what if something important came up then we would be stuck wondering what was it that out parents had to say.

Lunch time is the perfect time to use our phones because that's time we use to relax. So why not just add one more thing we could use our cell phones as a privilege for being a good student maybe you could even take that away from students as a consequence.

But at least the good student should have that privilege of doing that. And in free time like study hall u should be allowed to at least text people.

So as you can see choosing to go with this suggestion would be a good idea to stop people from texting in class, from misbehaving, and to get in contact with people they need to reach. I know I would like this suggestion other than banning cell phones from school. Honestly that would just make kids bring them even more. I hope i have persuaded you to consider this choice to use cell phones in lunch time.

sincerely

STUDENT_NAME