Venus is a well-known or maybe to some well - heard of planet in our solar system. It's also known as the "Evening Star." NASA has a "particularly compelling idea", for sending humans to study Venus, as the reader may notice from the text. We are told that Venus may have some interesting things being discovered that may lead to new studies. It's dangerous and takes caution, but is it worth it?

As the reader can tell from the text, the author states mutliple reasonings for why it would be worth it for humans to do such studies on Venus. One of those might be for the fact that Venus is often reffered to as Earth's "twin." This is because Venus is the closest planet to Earth within being of terms in density and size. Plus, it's super close to Earth so it's one of Earth's closest "neighbors." It's found within the text also that Venus may have contained bodies of water such as Oceans and who knows, maybe lakes here and there. Due to the planets' surface of rocky sediment, it's possible that there were familiar features sich as valleys, mountains, and craters. It is said that maybe once there has been or maybe still is some form of life on our neighboring planet.

Another thing that ties into why it would be worth the study is that what if we could send humans to maybe live on Venus? It's definitely a work in progress due to temperatures going to around 170 degrees Fahrenheit.

Surviving human lives on Venus wouldn't be easy due to these conditions but that is why NASA is digging deeper into what can be done to make it suitable for human lives. Though one other thing shared with the reader is that the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth, which is a holdback but it's of course possible for adaptation in the right conditions which need to be discovered. If it's possible that other forms of life lived on Venus then why not humans too?

The third reason for studying Venus being worthy is that human curiosity can lead to an endorsement of new ideas. Of course that is why NASA is such a thing. The way our bodies work have been in discovery for years and years. Which leads to the idea that if we can figure out how and why our bodies function in certain conditons on Earth, how could and would our bodies function on a planet that is closest to features alike the sun.

These reasons explain to the reader why the author might believe that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers; because, who else is to make these discoveries and what if NASA were to find information that could help us learn a bit more about our own planet. Plus, more about the human life can be something that we learn more and more about. And lastly, who's to say that curoisity killed the cat? Well of course it's everyone; but, with new studies and leads we can figure out how curiosity saved the "cat" and taught that "cat" new things.