Distance learning is extremely beneficial for certain groups of students. It can help them focus on the main task. It also assists them with better use of their time, and a deeper understanding of the academic materiel. For some people school is a more social area than an academic one.

At school they are many distractions. It is extremely easy to get lost in these distractions. Such as student disrupting class,Teachers personal issues ,and classes being pushed for schuedled activitys. Also some students can get away from not learning the materiel by cheating off their fellow classmates,but If there is no one to cheat off of then their only way of passing is by learning it and doing the work for themselves. Distance learning may not remove all the problems but it reduces most of them.

Attendence may aslo cause problems for many students. If they miss one class they are already behind their felllow classmates. Which means they have to catch up and learn double the material for that class in a short amount of time; not being fully able to understand the topic. If these students were to learn at home and on their own time then they will be able to manage their time and work efficently

. For example , If every class is the same length but one student is able to learn and peform well in math better than science. They could start the day with math so they can get a better understanding and spend more time on the subjects they really struggle with like sicence. This type of learning will help the strudent progress and not have the stress of late assignments if they are spending the most time on what really matters so they can fully expierence a good education.

Many students struggle with school and it isn't because they lack intellgence or struggle to learn the material. It can be other factors such as enviorment and mental health. Some students may expiernce tragic things at school like bullying or stress. This will physically and mentally drain a student causing them to perform bad acadmeically. Distance classes will make the enviorment more friendly and safe. As the saying goes "there is no place like home". Students will be able to go through their day without the anxiety or stress teachers and peers put on them. This allows the students who struggle socially to have the same chance of a good education just like everybody else deserves . No fear of group projects or public speaking it will all be informational and academically based. To help the students who are not capable of this and not forcing them to feeel unsafe while learning.

Distance learning is truly benefical for some students. It can really make the difference of passing or failing. The purpose for school is to educate the youth and help the prosper. If we cannot fully do that then their is no reason for that student to struggle to achieve that in school. If these students benfit from distance learning than lets help them do what schools are meant to do, To educate them.