The topic on driverless cares in growing bigger and bigger. Some people like it and some people do not. I like it for certain reasons which include; a possible saftey advantage, healthier for the environment itself, as well as giving drivers breaks when they feel tired but not want to stop to rest or switch drivers. I also do not like the idea of driverless cars because it takes a good time for people who really like to get behind the wheel. It also may serve as a safety hazard if some people choose driverless and some other people choose to drive themselves. Machine and Man do not interact too well at this point of technology even after all the advancements.

I do not know if i like this idea or if i don't. I have mixed emotions. I can not drive yet in my life so this topic may or may not serve to be politically correct. I do like the sound of all the cars that can drive itself. Technology is a huge factor in everyones life right now. It is cool, faster, and does hard work for you. Just imagine the possibilities with cars driving themselves. It would become a big hit to society and sooner or later will not be a question on which is better. It will naturally adaft to our lifestyle. It will indeed help us in making error-less moves on the road to maximize safety. It would also minimize the amount of time to get somewhere. Coming from me as well as many more impacient people, the faster we get there, the better. I would like to take rests without having to stop if the technology gets there. It also serves a great advantage in prtecting the environment with conserving fuel and not giving out those harmful gases like the story explained, and who doesn't like the sound of that? The whole environmental conservation has been up and coming but has been corupted into thinking it isn't our fault as our race, politics have big reason to believe we need to be greener to our planet, and as a matter of fact, the people listen to them. I would on the other hand have to remain always focused incase of an emergency or an accident though, and that is why i do not think it is the best idea in the world.

Like I said in the begining, Man and Machine do not coexist to the best of what is thought. What if there are flaws of these cars and if there are, it could mean so far up to death to people. This whole idea of these cars is based on a what if in my opinion. What if it works without fail? It would in fact be genius, but if it doesn't however, It could be concerning to everyone in our community. I can not drive so i do not know the feeling of getting behind the wheel of a car and driving it around. I do know people who love it, and is kind of their get a way. If this new technology becomes a reality, their passion could become depressed in a way they can not get it back.

To me, this is a what if topic and is taking a huge risk. There would be lots of laws made to protect society made and for what? This is talking about an experiment. It has its advantages along with its disadvantages just like everyother product or new technological design. It is in our natural being to take risks and to be out there. To me, I do not like the idea of the smart car, America in itself can not take on the finances to keep up with reconstruction of road in order for these cars just to run and work.  