Dear TEACHER_NAME:

What words or phrases come to mind when you hear the word " cell phone"? For most teenagers, it means a little electronic device that helps them socialized with their friends and families. Cell phones are very useful to humans in the present day world today. They help us communicate abundantly. You can call, text, or mail someone anything you'd like, whenever . They are a great source of entertainment as well. Some phones ,now a days, have more than you can imagine on them. Some examples would be like watching your favorite T.V show on the go, or maybe even posting your latest details on Facebook or Twitter. Whatever we might be doing, it keeps us both entertained and informed at the push of a button.

If I had to choose whether to allow students to use their cell phones during lunch and free period or not being able to have cell phones at all during school, I would choose the first option.

In my opinion, having your cell phone during school and texting your friends isn't bad, as long as it isn't a distraction to me or other people around me. I don't see the harm in it at all. As long as they aren't distracting us from learning, which we came to school to do, then it should be allowed.

Another reason I support the faculty allowing us students to have our cell phones and use them during lunch and free periods ,would be for safety precautions. If we have a weather problem in the middle of school or someone made a threat and everyone needed to be dismissed early and have to notify their parents, we all couldn't use the phones the teachers keep in their classrooms. It wouldn't be fast enough and all the phone lines wouldn't be able to get through all at the same times. And as I know it, the adults here care a lot about our safety. So if we had our cell phones with us, we could each separately call or text our parents and notify them immediately.

Even though there are good sides to having cell phones, I think having your cell phone and being able to use it should be a privilege. If you can keep your grades and conduct up and well, then I think you deserve to have and use your cell phone. If you don't do your work and have a bad conduct, I don't think you should be able to have that privilege when you are already violating the basics to school and its rules.

All in all, I guess what my point is that cell phones should be allowed to be kept and used during our lunch and free times but at the same time, should be a privilege as long as they are not being a distraction to me or anyone else around me. They should be allowed only at lunch so there can be a little restriction to it as well. I hope you will think about what I have said and my opinions and experiment the solution at school. Thank you for your time !

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME