Phones & Driving

Although laws have been put into place to try and prevent the usage of a cellphone when driving, sadly, there are still people who don't feel the need to abide by these rules. Which is why the punishments for breaking such laws should be highly enforced and more drastic. Examples of this would be increasing fines, harsher warnings, or longer time served in jail. When people driving are distracted by their cellphone, they are not only putting their life in danger, but also everybody`s around them. In the United States, one out of every four car accidents are caused by texting while driving. Something needs to be done.

If you look down to check a text message and have averted your eyes for 5 seconds while driving 60 miles per hours, you have already traveled the length of a football field. Anything could happen within those 5 seconds. While you were looking at a picture of a dog that your friend sent you, you ran a stop sign resulting in another car driving full speed to crash into you. In this scenario, two cars are destroyed, and the people inside have forever mental and physical trauma and that's only if they didn't pass due to the impact of the collision. It is very important that people know what they are getting themselves into when being a distracted driver.

Depending on what state you live in, the punishments put into place when someone is seen texting while driving is to give them a fine, criminal charges (usually misdemeanor), and/or jail time. There are 48 states who have banned texting and driving. A handful of states` average fine amount is around $150 to $375. Although it can range from $20 to $10,000. A 90-day license suspension is also put into place whenever a person repeats this doing. Georgia`s hands-free law not only prohibits the use of texting while driving, but also reading emails, recording videos, and taking selfies. Please consider the consequences before responding to your friend while driving.

One way to prevent getting tempted to use your cellphone while driving is turning your phone off before you turn your car on. This eliminates the possibility of even getting a tempting notification in the first place. You can also put your phone out of sight/reach. If a situation ever does come up where you have to respond immediately, you could pass your phone to whoever is riding passenger, or you could pull into a parking lot and wait until your vehicle has come to a complete stop before responding. By knowing how to avoid being a distracted driver and putting your practice into play on the streets, you're not only making your life safer but everyone`s around you.

Overall, texting while driving is a highly dangerous task that doesn't just affect your life. When you are driving, you must be considerate and mindful to everyone else on the road. Being a distracted driver doesn't just show that you are selfish, but also that you have no courtesy for fellow drivers. As long as we enforce the consequences put upon people who text while driving, the road will be a much safer place. Whether it's because people don't want to pay a pricey fine, or because they follow precautions to prevent being a distracted driver. In reading this essay, I hope you now know why it is so important for you to drive safely.       