Dear State Senator,

I think that we should change the election by popular vote for the President of the United States instead of keeping the electoral college. The reasons I think that we should have it changed to the popular vote is because I think the people should be able to choose who should be our next president instead of having the electoral college also voting for the president of the United States.

Its not only me senator, but also these important men of our country all agree with me that we need to abolish the electoral college! These men are Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerse.''The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor.'' I just find all of this unfair because its not just the United states giving there opinion on who should be there next leader but some other men who have favortism for the opponets also vote too! One example of how i think the electoral college voters are unfair is back in the election of President Obama and Mr. Romney the electoral voters had 29 electoral votes for Obama and Romney only had 3. So, that election could have been more fair if we didnt have so much favortism for one person to another. When we could have had a fair vote from the people and had the opinions on who should be there next President.

Now, in the defese of the electoral college it does help situations in which no canidate recieves a majority of the votes cast which can be very helpful when examples happen like Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 when they both had only 43 percent of the popular votes and the electoral college helped not make those elections as complicated. But, they still had a say so on who should be president and who shouldnt be president. I think that question should be answered by our own people!

Thank you so much State Senator for reading my opinion on the electoral college versus the popular vote for the President of the United States. I hope you understand where my opinion is coming from, in just saying that we need our citizens voting for who there next leader should be and not just the electoral college putting in there favortised vote!

Love,

Renee Edwards                                                                        