Schools are an interesting place, filled with all different types of people, all different types of learners, and many people with many different viewpoints.

The traditional school setting can be very challenging for some people who struggle socially or academically.

There are many factors that make up classes, and some of those factors can be overwhelming for some students.

Distance learning can be a viable option for schooling for particular students, but not just anyone.

While people may argue that distance learning just allows students to cheat, it is a perfectly viable option for students who need more personalized instruction and can help reduce stress from students who struggle socially.

Average high school class sizes are around 27 students per class.

Those are 27 different minds that all learn, work, and play differently.

There are students everywhere that struggle academically and need extra, personalized help from their teacher.

This is where distance learning can be extremely useful and beneficial.

Students and teachers can video conference from home to lessen the distractions of the student and create a more personal learning environment.

Many students feel as though they will be made fun of or teased for asking "dumb" questions during class.

This is taken away with distance learning, however.

There is no reason for a student to feel embarrassed about asking a question when it is just them and their teacher, not the rest of the class as well.

Distance learning can also help students focus more heavily on specific topics that they need more practice with, rather than spending time on topics that the student is already good at.

This creates a more personal learning environment that sets up the student for success.

At times during high school, the social aspect of school can feel more stressful or important than the actual academics.

There are many students that aren't comfortable socially, and have trouble making friends and feel lonely during school.

These are another type of student that can benefit drastically from distance learning.

The ability to take away a major distraction during school, a students "social life", creates a less stressful learning environment, with less things to worry about.

As a high schooler myself, I have been able to see first hand just how much impact my peers can have on my day to day feelings and emotions.

I've seen the impact that it can have on people and the distractions that friends and drama can create for a student.

Distance learning can be extremely helpful to the students who don't feel comfortable in big groups, and can improve those students' academic performance.

It can be argued that if distance learning is implemented, students will just cheat on their exams, because there isn't a teacher there making sure that they can't.

This is why, if distance learning were to be an option for students, the students would have to be approved for distance learning with actual reasons and evidence as to why they will benefit from it.

There are also computer programs that notify an instructor if the student leaves a particular web page, so if any cheating were to happen, the teachers would know and would take away the privelage of distance learning.

The whole point of inplementing distance learning is to benefit students who are struggling in some way, whether it be academically or socially.

If the student decides to cheat, the teacher will find out, and that student would lose their privelage, which is just there to help them.

School is a very stressful place with many different factors that contribute to that stress.

There are students everywhere that are not very skilled at being able to handle that stress and have many problems, socially or academically.

Distance learning is the solution to these students' problems.

These students would benefit from distance learning for more personalized teaching and more one on one learning.

Distance learning also takes away a majority of the social aspect of school, which is a main stresser for many students.

There are particular types of students who would be viable candidates for distance learning, and who would benefit greatly from it.

Although it may be argued that distance learning would just be used for students to cheat, it would greatly benefit students who need more personalized teaching, and for students who struggle socially.  