I think drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle because you're focused on the road. You can easily make your car drift away from your lane to another lane causing an accident not to just one person but to many peoples lives. The reasons why cell phones should not be used while driving are because 1 second distractions like taking a look at your phone while driving or doing other things that can cause an accident. Most drivers will use their cell phones while operating a vehicle. They do such things like text, talk on the phone or being on social media while driving and others.

People are not focused on the road, So people can easily drift away from your lane to another lane and can cause an accident not to only one person but to other people's lives. As of today teens drivers are the riskiest drivers on the road. You have people who are on social media like facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, and social sites.

According to the CDC teens are nearly three times more likely to be in a fatal crash than those ages 20 and older. The reason why some people get into most crashes is because of speeding, under the influence of alcohol and drugs. Distraction driving is the leading cause of accidents such as breaking the speed limits and speeding reckless driving such as going to another without knowing. Also driving in bad weather conditions and not stopping at red lights.

The reasons why cell phones should not be used while driving are because of two- second distractions. Like taking a look at your cell phone while driving or doing other things that can distraction you while driving. While having your cell phone while driving so many things can happen it is illegal to drive your vehicle while using hand held mobile phone or similar devices. Texting and driving leads to fatalities which is cell phone crashes is about 1.6 millions crashes on a yearly basis. Using cell phones while driving today will increase the rate of crashes while driving today.

Meanwhile, most drivers still use cell phones while operating their vehicles. Many people use their phone to text,talk and check social media. This should be prevented because it can cause car accidents and mainly deaths. Most people at the moment take extreme risk when picking up their phone just for a second. Waiting to check your phone can help out in many ways. It can lower your insurance rate when you use your safe driving skills. And it can also protect yourself and others. As a result, Driving legally would save many people's lives.

To sum it all up, Most car accidents occur because the person at fault was occupied by their phone while operating their vehicle. People are not focused on the road, So people can easily drift away from your lane to another lane and can cause an accident not to only one person but to other people's lives. The reasons why cell phones should not be used while driving are because of two- second distractions. Meanwhile, most drivers still use cell phones while operating their vehicles. Many people use their phone to text,talk and check social media. This is why I think drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle because you're focused on the road.   