You know you live in a fascinating generation when there are driverless cars avaliable! Driverless cars are a new invention where cars that do not require a driver to have control of the vehicle at all times. These vehciles will have basic driving skills. Think of all the benefits and oppertunities this new invention could bring to our society.

As almost everyone knows driving is a basic skill of being an adult. Sometimes though, adults can get very busy, sidetracked, or be multitasking. It is a normal thing and I am sure everyone does it, but unfortuntaly being sidetracked may mean getting into accidents. With this new driverless cars, the car drives for you, so if you need to apply your makeup or pick up a toy for your child that is crying in the back seat, you can! Have you ever backed out of a busy parking lot and slammed into a shopping cart that was just too tiny to see? Well with the driverless cars, they have sensors and will alert you. GM's invention has been to vibrate the driver's seat to alert the drivers, pretty neat, right? Toyota Prius's latest technolgy is there are 3-D laser beans around the car so if another car, person, etc. come close to the vehicle it will move out of the way, or take procautioins like an actual drive would do. I believe that these cars may be beneficial to new drivers like teenagers as well. The reason I say this is because a new driver needs to watch and see how to properly drive, if the new driver watched the basic skills of the driverless car, it may benefit him/her for when they star to drive independently. I think that with any type or design of vehicle procautions will have be taken into place and lots of research and factors will go into play. Many people are concerned about the liablities and if something would go wrong what they would do, who would be responsible. I believe that the damage and facts would have to be carefully examined, just like any car accident. With this being said, I think the rate of car accidents will decrease because there will not be any distractions for the driver in the car, and it will be quicker for the driver to be notified if something were to go array.

Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020! Is that not amazing? Think of all the new oppertunities and safety that we will have! Maybe it will make you feel less scared teaching your sixteen year old boy how to drive. It will decrease the rate of car accidents, benefit new drivers, and make drivers feel more safe in their vehicles. So, in 2020 will you be buying your first driverless car? 