Have you ever wanted to find the best advice for yourself and couldn't decide on the person to reach out to? if so, just reach out to multiple people that you trust. Finding one person that can give you the best advice might not be the best choice to make. I have tried to find that perfect someone to help me with my problem, but I couldn't decide on who to pick. That's why looking for different opinions on your problem would be the best choice to make because using all of the opinions you got you would make a better overall choice, usually most people agree on one thing which could be the best approach, and if you only ask one person he or she might not know things about you that can help you with making a better decision.

Imagine you had the choice to pick between biology honors or just normal biology. Usually you would go to a close relative or your parent or guardian. But most of the time you don't like what they say about the class because they want to push you to work harder. Going to your friends that are at your grade level would be the the best choice because they could relate to having trouble on picking a class and can show you how they picked their classes. Which can solve your problem on which class to pick, leaving you with the best choice.

Let's just say that you want to play a sport but you are stuck on picking between basketball and football. Asking one of your friends or family could result on picking the sport that you might not want. Most people prefer other sports they you may not like. They could have hated basketball and loved football and told you that football would be a good sport for you just because they are bias on it. You might not be good at football and if you asked most of your close friends, they would know what sport you would be really good at.

If you seek the best advice ask multiple people because you could gather all of the opinions together and look at which ones you like the most, the majority is most likely right so you could pick the most repeated opinion, and asking only one person that doesn't know you well enough he may not know what the best approach is for you. As I have said before, some people don't really know you in a personal level. You could have asked someone that barely knows you but you trusted them so you asked for help. which would make their decision very ineffective. That's why asking multiple people about your issue can give you multiple opinions about the way of handling your problem. At the end of the day whenever you need a opinion on something, make sure to reach out to multiple people.