Dear state senator,

The Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote. I say this because, as successful as the Electoral College has been, it has many flaws. In the first sentence of the eleventh paragraph, the article mentions something called the disaster factor. This is an alarming possiblity. State legislatures are, in a way, responsible for choosing electors who may ignore the will of the people.

During 1960, in the Louisiana legislature, people titled Segregationists almost succeeded in removing the Democratic electors and replacing them with new electors. These new electors were supposed to oppose John F. Kennedy so that any popular votes for Kennedy would not have really gone to him. If those Segregationists had succeeded in their plan, John F. Kennedy would not have won the popular vote. That was indeed a close call, and it could happen yet again in the near future without fail. On another similar topic, "faithless" electors have, from time to time, denied the option to vote for their party's candidate. Instead of voting for the candidate of their own party, they cast a vote for whomever they wish.

Also occuring in 1960, a state sent two slates of electors to Congress. Vice President Richard Nixon validated only his opponent's electors. Thankfully, he was presiding over the Senate at the time. He made sure to validate the slate of his choosing "without establishing a precedent.", as stated in paragraph eleven, sentence 9. Hopefully, this will not occur again anytime soon.

The most worrying occurance would be a tie. However, if a tie were to happen in an electoral vote, the election would be thrown towards the House of Representatives. There, the state delegations vote on the president. In 1976, a tie would have happened if 5,559 voters from Ohio and 3,687 voters from Hawaii had voted the other way. This is bad because the election is only a few voters away from a distaster. In conclusion, the Electoral College is not only unfair, but outdated and irrational. It should be shifted from the way it is now to total amount of popular votes for the president of the United States.    