Texting while driving should or shouldn't?

Should people be able to drive and hold a phone in their hand? Well, I believe not, people need to be focused on the road ahead and not be all up inside their phone as in don't be texting while driving. This can guide to a whole lot of trouble with people and your car.

Operators who have fatal damages in a year are measured in the tens of thousands, and approximately 2.5 million are gravely hurt or forever disabled. The United States has more than 220 million licensed drivers, and they risk their lives every time they enter as a driver or passenger seat. If you're texting while operating a vehicle then you're not paying attention and that could lead to you connecting to someone leading to their death or someone getting seriously injured.

What the majority of people don't think about is the cost. People or corporations lose money because of thoughtless driving. For instance, accidents caused by cellphone usage leads to big pickup trucks or cause company trucks to drop loads on loads of equipment leaving to great money loss. This can also make a big financial deficient if the truck was hit now we have to pay for damages. This can also lead to bad news if the operator is hurt. If the goods that the driver is haling is damaged or broken that can lead to more money to replace the loss of the haul. The highest price we pay for car crashes is in the loss of human lives, nonetheless, auto industries make steady improvements in vehicle safety over the last several decades but in the year 2014, nearly 32,675 deaths were documented.

In my final judgment, I suppose we can drive safly on our roads without having accidents. Yet I do know that the nature of a human being makes mistakes throughout there lifetime and in those types of situations should be resolved in a courtroom. Furthermore, people who don't follow the law of not texting while driving should have the permits suspend, but we all know that too much of a hassle to deal with. But we need to keep our selves, community, and people protected from harm's way to avoid these types of situations.   