Driverless cars will be available in the future and there will be many benefits. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author presents both positive and negative aspects of driverless cars and these cars are going to change the world with positivities. Google had cars "driven more than half a million miles without a crash," according to pragraph 2. With Driverless Cars, people could multitask, relax, and there will be more safety.

First of all, people could be multitasking when use atonomous cars. For example, a new employee was late to work. He didn't have time to get dressed. He took his clothing and went toward the car. That is when driverless cars come in handy. He could dressed up in the car and the car would just be driving itself. He could also read, take a nap, and eat.

Secondly, there will be more safety. According to paragraph 5, these driverless cars "apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." In paragraph 7, it talked about how they can also handle the speeds up to 25 mph. The car will notify the driver when it is required by flashing lights and other heads-up displays.

Also, many people around the world are using cars nowadays. By using driverless cars, humans could save money. Who wouldn't want that? In paragraph 1, Sergey Brin, Google cofounder, says that these cars would use lesser fuel than today's taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus. This is what everyone has been waiting for. The people who use this kind of car wouldn't regret this.

In conclusion, driverless cars will be bringing benefits to the people. These cars will change the world and the daily lives of humans. The reason is that, there will be less accidents and people wouldn't be injured very often. These cars could control the car than a human driver could. It could also saves money. Thoes are the positivies the driverless could bring to the world.                           