Texting and driving

Cell Phones have become very important to our lives. People use their cell phones for everything; texting, talking and to get on social media. However, these everyday things become a distraction when it comes to driving on the roads. It has become a big issue in modern day America. As more teens text and drive, many cases of texting and driving have occured, resulting in a mass of avoidable lost lives.

In 2016, The national Safety council reported that 1.6 million car crashes a year are caused by reckless teen driving, most of which, are by texting and driving. Teens nowadays can't even put enough effort into not using their phones for at least 20 minutes, and for what cost, their lives? There has to be a kind of restriction on texting, or any kind of activity on your phone, while driving.

Some phones already offer some programs or apps that let you disable your phone while you drive. Drivesafe mode is a built in program that is available only on some phones. Although, most of the programs similar to Drivesafe mode, are supposed to be turned on by the user. This is simple to disregard, and most drivers don't even know they have such kinds of apps on their devices.

As of 2019, most states have gone to the point where they feel the need to ban texting and driving by using the word of law. The state of georgia put in place the "Hands -free phone" law which only allows drivers to operate voice controlled devices whilst driving. Still, even with the price of a hefty fine, and in some cases, jail time, people still continue to text and drive.

In conclusion, a good solution to ending deaths and accidents by teens who text and drive, starts with the parents. Parents should monitor their teens phones while they are out. Not only does the technology of today let parents spy on their kids phones just to keep them out of trouble, but it will help keep them alive, too. Parents should keep track of their kids while they go out, and alert them to stop when they text and drive. No one can tell you better than your own parents to stay alive.   