Dear Principal:

I personally don't think its a good idea that your considering changing school policy so that people may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average.

Sports has nothing no do with school, that's just another activity that's after school and the better you play sports the better your going to be good at school, specially with your grades. It keeps you organized and makes you stay on topic. For people sports are really important and really fun to play, it makes you runs and concentrated on how you play. You might think that for some reason that's why people are getting a bad grade average, but its not like that. I consider that sports are really important to me, and even if i don't play in a team i still love to play any kind of sport. It keeps me awake and motivated. It keeps me from stop being lazy all the time. There are 2 main reasons why i don't think its a good idea that you should change that policy. My first main reason is sports have nothing to do with school ,is just another amazing activity that people would enjoy instead of just watching TV or being on the computer. My second reason is like my mom always told me a story. When she was little and lived back in Mexico, she would tell me all about her childhood and what she would do at my age. She used to tell me that she would run every morning to exercise and breath the fresh air outside, after that she would be with my grandfather and helping him with everything that she could and then she would play Basketball with her friends. Having a little challenge to see who would win and just to have fun. I remember asking her if sports had to do anything with school? if that was an activity to bring my grades up ?' What she said Exactly was " They invented sports so that kids, teenagers and people would have a routine and be a better person. Believe it or not mostly for teenagers, sports brings there grade up and well organized , and when i started playing sports, it did bring my grade up. What the captains do is that they show you how to be on time and do all your assignments so its similar to sports.''

I'll never forget the message that my mom gave me about sports.

Sincerely : STUDENT_NAME