As being human nobody is perfect and we don't know everything. This is why we need to ask others but even then sometimes they can be wrong. Getting good advice can sometimes be a challenge, so asking more people is probably a better choice then only asking one person. Looking for advice from multiple people apposed from one person is better because it shows multiple views of the topic, gives a greater understanding on why the advice will work, and includes different experiences of the topic.

Getting multiple views on the topic clears up that there is not any bias coming from a persons advice. What is a bias? Bias is a positive or negative opinion that someone has to an object, place, or person. Bias is not good for giving advice because it sometimes can shows a wrongful or untrue statement about the topic. Multiple views also gives the person more then one way to handle the topic and use different approaches to the situation. An example of bias is views on a person. One person might think someone is mean because of their first impression. Another person might be their best friend and say they are amazing, but both of these opinions are biased because of the way they have interacted with the person. It would be best to find a third party opinion who does not have a biased thought towards the person.

The next reason why asking multiple people for advice is better than asking one person is it gives a greater understanding on why the advice will work. Two people might give the same advice, but give different reasons on how it will work. This can show a variety of knowledge on the concept and give even more ways to approach the situation. In conclusion, asking more people for advice is more knowledgeable because of the different reasons people give for why their own advice will work.

The last way getting multiple peoples advice is better is that different people have different experiences. This means that people have had a scramble of atmospheres of the topic. It mostly applies to places and people not objects. An example is a person deciding on going to a water park. When asking one person they might say that it was very boring and not very exciting, so then they go ask another person and they said they had an amazing time and it's their favorite place to go. Both of the people went to the water park and had different experiences on how it went. It was really just their personal preference and the only way is to go to it yourself to see how it is.

Receiving multiple people for advice is shown to be better then just asking one person because multiple views on the topic clears up any biased that a person has, a greater understanding of the topic because the different reasons on why they advice will work, and multiple experiences that people have had show a variety thoughts when going to a place. Just remember when seeking advice many people have different views and opinions about certain topics.