Did you know that the county is debating whether to let teachers or students to design their summer projects? Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. Students should be able to design their own projects because they would be able to choose the topic, be more creative, and it would be less stressful.

Many people believe that when teachers design projects for students to complete, they get it done in time and like the topic. However, if students were to design their own projects and chose their own topics from what they are interested in, they would have more interest in the completing the project they chose.

For example, if a student is interested in taking technology in the upcoming school year and the teacher assigns a topic to them about the human body and how it functions and they do not have any interest with how the human body works, they would feel like they are being forced to complete the project since it has nothing to do with technology. This could also cause the student to be stressed if they can not find any proper information about the human body or not get the work done in a timely manner.

Another reason students should be able to design their own summer projects is because they would be more creative. For example, teachers mostly give out rubrics to students to let them know that these are the things that have to be on the project, but when students are not given a rubric, they go the extra mile to do the best they can on their project. Students use modern words to fit in, give good and acceptable examples, and even make special effects on their project to impress their teachers and their fellow classmates.

Lastly, students should be able to design their own summer projects because it would be less stressful. For example, if a student is on vacation and the teacher has assigned that student a project on something they have heard of for the first time, they would be stressed about what it is, or where they can get the information from. If students were to design their own summer projects, they could easily choose something they like and maybe even make connections with the project and their vacation. They would also be able to work at their own pace if they were to choose their own project so they could balance out their vacation with their summer project easily.

In conclusion, if students were able to design their own summer projects, they would be able to choose the topic on their own, be more creative, and it would be less stressful. I urge you to write to the county to let the students choose their own summer projects so it would make it easier for them to have fun and learn during their summer breaks.