Driverless cars were a thing of the future, but now they are a thing of reality. There is a population against driverless cars. Driverless cars are good for the whole population.

With driverless cars, the the person occupying the driver-seat could relax while tired. Decreasing the amount of accidents caused by falling asleep at the wheel. Stated in paragraph 1 of the article, Google cofounder Sergey Brin has envisioned these cars will use half of the fuel of a taxi. With using less fuel it will cause less pollution. Say there is a man named Dan who takes the bus everyday to work; he has caught some kind of disease. This could be prevented with the driverless car. Say Dan drives himself to work everymorning in his Jeep. One day, Dan stays up until 6 in the morning to finish his work; he has to be to work by 8 AM. Dan rushes in the morning; he starts speeding. Dan closes his eyes for a second because he is exhausted. He hits a child walking to school. The pain of the child's parents and the gulit of Dan could have been prevented with the driverless car.

However, it is to be believed that this car would malfunction is some way shape or form. Road work is always occuring. How will the car get through that? Some person on the road does not know how to drive. How will you avoid that? Some kind of thing that could potentially be unavoidable arises. How are you going to deal with that?

I assure the buyer no worries. In paragraph 7 it explains how the car is designed to let the driver-seat occupant take control of the car if the situation is needed of a person instead of a robot. The car is designed with sensors and cameras. If roadwork is ahead the car with notify the driver to take action. Same for any other situation. The driver can take control at anytime if needed.

The driverless car is a good thing for the population right now. It gives more of a chance for driver's to bond with passengers. It is also a safety feature we need on roads. Remember, you do not want to be like Dan. Getting diseases, hitting pedestrians, and what not.      