Educating students and giving equal opportunities to everyone are the top responsibilities for the U.S. government. From first grade to twelfth grade, every student in United States is eligible to get free education in public schools. Growing healthy minded generations is very important for the U.S, because everyone knows that today's kids will become future's heroes, unless they get the right education. Since Declaration of Independence, United States government is trying to perfect its education system. In today's system, students have to go to school five days of the week and nine months. Most of the schools starts on August or September and ends on June. After June, students have three months of break. Through three month break, some schools require students to complete summer projects to ensure they continue learning during their break. At that time, students think those projects are just wasting their time through the summer break but what they don't realize is those projects are helping them to become goal-directed and resilient individuals. In some schools teachers select the project topic for their students but some teachers prefer to give options to their students, because they believe by doing that students' creativity can improve over the summer break. Although some teachers believe giving the same option for the summer project is saving their students from being sucked at two undecided topics, teachers also believe students should be free to choose their topic so they can be creative to do their projects.

During the summer break, every student wants to be way from any kind of school work and have fun. Most of the students doesn't like the concept of summer project because they think it is going to waste their time. For now, it might seem like that but when they grow they realize that all of these summer projects helped them to become a better citizen. According to an university research, 65% of the students, who don't have summer projects to do, forget what they learned from previous year. Summer projects don't just help students to go forward on their education journey but they also help to improve students' creativity and critical thinking skills. All of these can be possible, if students are able to choose their project topic. Students, especially kids who go to elementary school, gets very excited if they can choose their topic. They actually use their brains and make researches to come out with an idea. They ask to their parents, friends, even neighbors to get some help (by doing that they also use their communication skills). They make plans, drawings, and more to build their projects. They have fun by learning new things. However, if the teachers forces their student to work on the exactly the same topic, students will just jump from all of these important steps to building their projects. If they do the exact same thing, there won't be any creativity, excitement and critical thinking. Students will get bored and be discussed from school. The only way to show kids school is exciting place to learn new things is letting them to do what ever they want and to come out with new and unique project ideas.

Teachers put their students in the box that they won't be able to come out. This box will limit every students potential to become a star. Kids are like trees. When they are young, you can give the pathway that they can go. However, as they get older, it gets more hard to shape their pathway. It on teacher's hand to choose that pathway. They can be the creator of future leaders or simple unethical people. The person who can only open that box is teachers. Teachers should led their kids to do whatever they want so they can use and improve their skills to be successful. Teachers can't do everything for their students, sometimes they need to push their students' potentials to raise a better generation of U.S. citizens. 