Generic_Name what are you doing? Generic_Name soon stopped looking at the bored and saw Generic_Name oh nothing just wondering what club I should join. maybe do the art club you love to draw and I should join too. okay I will do it. all students must participate in at least one activity because they can help students improve there talent, kids can learn something new, and can get students to get future jobs.

To begin with an activity can help students improve there talent. first kids can start to express more of what they like a example is a boy in my school really loves to knit but he never told anyone about it but when he saw other boys join a knitting club he started to improve and told his friends. Another reason is some kids may stop doing there talent one way is a girl in my neighborhood stop sing because she never joined a club or did chorus so she stopped doing it for a very long time. finally student may continue with there gift in fact 85% of adults do the things they love in conclusion an activity can help students boost there talent

Next kids can learn something new. one way is a few schools tell kids to do a different club which helped students a lot. a example a boy I know disliked tech-ed but ones his school told him to do it he started to really like it. next students start to join more clubs one way is a student in robotics started to join different clubs from the fact that he or she knew that he or she had more than one talent. finally sometimes students dont know what there talent is one example is a friend named Generic_Name is frustrated that she does't know her talent. in conclusion students can learn something new.

finally students may get future jobs one way is students may start a company one example is a adult in my neighborhood has a company and it was because of a club. next there talent can help them with interviews for example some interviews look at more at your talent and how you do in school. finally teens in high school and middle school get jobs for money for example 90% of middle and high schools have small jobs in the summer in conclusion students may get jobs in the future.

I'm so glad that we chose art class! said Generic_Name. i think the principal did a good idea of us doing at least one club. at first I didnt think it was a good idea but now I understand why he did it. lets get in the club again next year in conclusion all students must participate in at least one activity because they can help students improve there talent, kids can learn something new, and can get students to get future jobs.