The point of view on driverless cars vary from many people. In my opinion, I don't think that driverless cars are such a good idea. I think that we have found out that not all manufacturing works. There have been wrecks from people actually driving the car because something went out on the car such as brakes. The driverless car could just go out because it is all electric and it relys on the internet. The internet doesn't work all the time, for example I could be going down the road and be on my phone and only have two bars and my phone would not work. The problem could be worse, since I live in Indiana there is a lot of corn fields and country roads, so what if I am going down a country road and there isn't any type or form of internet?

There is a part in the story about how it is illegal in the states of California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia to even test out the theory of driverless cars. I agree with those states, but I also think that it is dangerous and if the system crashed in all these cars it would be really dangerous. There is also a part in the story that catches my eye and it talks about the GPS reciever and the intertial motion sensor and all those things. I have went on vacation and my GPS has lost signal and lost battery or just broke plenty of times, how would it be any different in a driverless car?

The positive sides to driverless cars is the people that text and drive really don't have to worry about wrecking because the car is doing everything for you and you really wouldn't have to watch the road. The other positive side to this driverless car is that there are antilock brakes which means that they are sensors and the story gives us evidence that it has been advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out-of-control skids and rollovers. The story provides us more information about the antilocks, "The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control more than a human driver can manage alone." I think that that is huge when it comes to driverless cars, it helps with the little wrecks that turn into big wrecks.

The next positive thing that I think for the ddriverless cars is that it could help tremendously with the drunk driving people do. I have experienced my own situation of a drunk driver just recently and they passed away from it. The driverless cars could stop them from swerving all over the road and going to fast. The amount of drunk driving people do is ridiculous and doesn't just put their life in danger but everyone else on the road also. The driverless car is genius for things such as people having their mind on something else such as they get caught off guard to easy or that just hate driving or they are scared of driving.

In conclusion, the points of views from negative to positive vary in multiple ways and it depends on what you personally think. The driverless cars could be the future and make a huge difference to the world but I still think that the driverless cars have a lot of work to do with the system. I also think that it is a good idea to just keep the cars that you drive yourself because that is all anyone knows how to do. I think for now we don't have to worry about the driverless cars, but maybe in the future we something might change. 