Have you ever asked anyone for advice, well I have. Asking for someone else's advice can be very helpful because there is more then just one or two ways to do something. Their's not just one path you can take, matter of fact there's at least six different paths you can take. So I think advice is very important because it can help you with problems, questions,and how to do something.

Have you ever had a problem that you didn't know how to solve, this is where advice comes in handy. When you have a problem and you don't know how to solve it just ask some one for their advice it could work. Half of the time your own advice is going to lead you down the wrong trail. Some people don't ask for advice because they think their own is better or they just simply dont care about what the other persons has to say. Therefore I think getting advice is a good start to solving a problem.

If you have a question ask some one for their advice they might have the answer to your question. Advice is a very good way to solve a problem or a question. Personally I go to my grandmother and ask her for advice because I know she has the answer to 90% of my questions. I have a lot of questions because I'm a very curious boy and the internet give me false information 80% of the time, so advice is my number one thing. Therefore I think advice is and start to answering a question or it could be the answer to your question.

Have you ever been building a model or doing homework and not knowing how to do something... this is where advice comes in the handiest. Not knowing how to do somethings angers me the most especially in a video game. I live in a house where I'm the main one who knows how to do stuff. So if I don't know how to do something then nobody knows. Therefore I think advice is the one way ticket to learning how to do something.

So in conclusion I think advice is a very useful and effective way how to get things done every day. In my house me and my grandmother are the two smartest people in the house, but my grandmother is the only one give advice. This is because she is the smartest and oldest and she been through millions of different scenarios. So I think advice is very important because it can solve problems, answer questions,and help you do something.