Do you ever wonder what it would be like, if your principal forced you to participate in an extracurricular activity? There would be much debate over whether it's a good idea, or a bad idea. Some students would agree with the principal. Some students would disagree with the principal. It's the same way with the parents. Here are three good aspects of having to participate, and my opinion. I agree because students can get more exercise, make new friends, and find a new hobby.

My first reason as to why I agree, is because students can get more exercise. Students get a good amount of exercise in gym. However, some students don't get any other exercise. Plus, it is always good to get more exercise. Students need to maintain a healthy body, because a healthy body is a healthy mind. Getting exercise releaves stress for some students. some are lazy couch potatoes, and need to get off their butts.

My second reason as to why I agree, is so students can make new friends. Some students don't have a lot of friends. A student without friends is like a puppy left out in the rain. However, forcing them to participate in an extracurricular activity can change that. Some students like making friends, but don't know how to make friends. Some students have a lot of friends, but want more. If there is a new kid, it would give them the chance to make some friends and meet new people. Therefore, doing this can change a students life.

My third reason is so students can find a new hobby. On the one hand, some students have plenty of hobbies. On the other hand, some students don't have any hobbies. However, most students have one to five hobbies, which is a fair amount. For the ones that don't think they have enough hobbies, this a great way to help. Also, this could help some students figure out what they want their profession to be.

In conclusion, I agree that principals should force students to participate in an extracurricular activity. Students can get more exercise, make new friends, and find themselves a new hobby. Students don't get nearly enough exercise in gym class. It's always good for everyone to make new friends. Also, you can never have to many hobbies. Doing this is good for everybody, even the staff. The staff members that participate will be working more hours, therefore, they would be getting paid even more money. If you think I'm right and made some good points, then show this to someone that can make this a thing in schools near you.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       