I know that as teenagers we all have the desire to have cell phones and use them. I think that we shouldn't be able to have cell phones in school. I believe this because cell phones are only objects we don't need to have we just want to. I wont lie i love my cell phone and like to talk and text to my friends all the time but I think that we should have a limit to how much use we get out of them. If we bring them to school it will only increase the amount of people who just slack off and don't do work. My father told me that having a cell phone is a privilege not a given right that everyone has. I know that there's already so many bad things happening in school like bullying and people breaking the rules but i know what is right and what is wrong. People in school who just do whatever they want and don't expect anything to happen to them never win. I see tons of people in my school all the time with cell phones and there not supposed to have them but they still do. If we allow kids to have cell phones in school they will become lazy in there work and not try they will start thinking they are above the rules and above punishment. I stand on the ground that technology will corrupt people if we don't set guild lines for it. I know that since we have gotten more sophisticated technology kids are getting more and more lazy and mean. I know that not all technology is bad but i think we can do without some of it. I think if we had harsher rules and better morals kids would be a lot better than we are now. Our parents are teaching us the things that we need to know but they had much stricter lives than us and if we don't listen how can we learn. We have so many bad influences in our life time like TV stars and rock stars that we try and idolize and they usually end up making bad choices so if we try to be like them we will to. In our society we are cruel we judge people solely on looks and talent and if they have neither they are unfairly ridiculed. I think if we took the time to understand people we could all get along. If i have children i want there lives to be better than mine i want to teach them not to be lazy or mean i want to help them succeed where i have failed. If we continue on the route our society is taking it will only end us up in a terrible place where we shouldn't be.