As time goes on, there are many aspects of life that change, technology being a huge factor in today's world. A lot of things come from technology, the advancement of it has helped people in many ways possible, but many people ask what the downfalls are or if could we take technology too far. Scientists today are experimenting with driverless cars which doesn't always rely on a person to control it. While it is a cool thing, some people fear that this could cause a lot of accidents in the community and be a negative thing rather than it being positive. I personally think it is a good thing and there are many reason to consider advancing into it.

The first reason I think driverless cars should be a thing is the convinence of it. Technology has proven to be more reliable than people in a lot of cases, such as a taxi. With driverless cars, you don't have to worry about getting into an accident because of the efficency of the technology used in the car itself. I think it is safer in most ways because of the smart sensors and brakes to prevent wrecks that are put onto the car. Overall the response on smart cars can out do any of that of a human driver.

Another factor that comes into play with smart cars is how it compares to humans. Lawmakers say that the best safety is from an alert driver. Today there are a lot of people that aren't so alert, such as people that are intoxicated or just tired. Wrecks as we know are a big issue and a lot of them come from people that aren't alert because of them drinking or using other drugs, now I'm not saying this is most people, but quite a few. Another thing is roadrage, people tend to get mad behind the wheel because of slow traffic or other causes thar cause accidents or incidents that cause the law to come into play.

The last reason I think we should consider driverless cars is efficiency. In the passage, driverless cars would have sensors that cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, which in general allows for better response. Imagine if you were driving and got distracted, something bad could happen really fast. That would never happen with a driverless car since the main goal of the car is to get to any destination. The efficiency comes in to where the person in the driver seat could take over at any time in case of something in the way or just bad traffic issues. There are many ways for the car to notify the driver to take over such as vibrating seats or sensors to tell the driver what to do.

In conclusion, I think that driverless cars are a thing that we should continue to strive towards. They are convinent to use, are considered really safe, and compared to humans, will be better overall. Traffic issues would go down as well as accidents originally caused by human drivers. You also wouldn't have to get bored on the drive since they have ideas of having a screen to watch entertainment on while the car is driving. Driverless cars in conclusion would be a good idea to improve on in the future.                         