Dear Mr. Senator,

I would like to argue with your decision of getting rid of the electoral college. I would like to argue with you because the Electoral college is a piece of history, we could some problems if we keep the electoral college, but there are a bit of problems with this voting system. So Senator this is my letter that i want you to read so you can rethink the decision of getting rid of the Electoral college.

The Electoral college is a voting system that depends on the popular votes to see who gets the electoral votes in the president race. The founding fathers established the electoral college in the constitution, which means this voting system has been with this country since the beginning of the United States. To get rid of the Electoral college is like getting rid of a piece of this country. The founding fathers made the electoral college so the president and vice president could get chosen. There are five hundred and thirty eight electoral votes possible to get. To win presidency you must have two hundred and seventy electoral votes. These votes are one of the most important things. So I want you Senator to imagine getting rid of a piece of the constitution, just imagine ripping a little piece off. Guess what you can't because the constitution is to important to this country to take anything off of it. This is one reason Senator that the electoral college should not be disbanded.

The Electoral College has the ability to get rid off problems such as avoiding run off elections, which means that no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. The Electoral College also has swing states, which means the people in the state pay close attention to what the candidates say and vote for who they feel should win so that the winner take all method isn't in effect. A good example of a run-off election is the elections of Richard Nixon and Bill clinton. Both of these presidents had forty three percent of the populare votes, but dominated in the electoral votes. A good example of a winner take all method is the election of 2012 where the candidates focused on the voters in the toss up states or the states that listen and vote for who they think is better. Another example of a run-off election is if a candidate does not win a majority of the votes vast than the presidential election would be greatly complicated. The complication is then reduced by the Electoral College, which chooses a winner. The Electoral College can save a lot of things for just a voting system.

Although the Electoral College helps a lot there is a couple problems with it. When you vote you vote for who you want to vote for, but when that vote gets put in the Electoral College doesn't have to put there vote to who you voted for. The Electoral College is also unfair to voters because of the winner take all system. During the 2000 campaign some states didn't even get to see their candidates. Some states didn't even get to see a ad on tv for their candidates. The Electoral College is also known as the disaster factor because of the crisis in the election of 2000. The electors are chosen by the legislatures and the electors could always defy the will of the people. The Electoral College can be fixed, so don't take it way that way it can be fixed and arranged.

The Electoral College is good because it keeps us away from problems, even though it has some, and is a part of our history. This whole letter is to explain why you the senator should not take the electoral college away. I have to say it has problems, but those problems can be fixed by some simple solution.

From, PROPER_NAME Student of

SCHOOL_NAME  