Driverless cars would'nt be substaintial to todays society. There's people that drive that are irresponsable with cars that needs a driver, So what would happen if there are driverless car? Besides whats the point of a driverless car if you still need a driver to navigate through situations? Then you have the drunk drivers who may think that it's okay to drive home drunk since they techniacally wont be the ones driving. Overall driverles cars would just be unsafe

People today are already irresponsible with driving, especially teens. There are the car races or teens that thinks its okay to just drive at any mile they want, run stop lights and etc. People may thionk that since driverless cars are computer based there would be less accidents or people who just have road rage, but technology isnt always reliable. there can be malfucntions. What if a driver is in the middle of traffic and the car is having technical difficultkies so the car just spins out of cointrol and cant be handled.

Thats also affecting the drivers around them.

If the car still needs a driver then it should'nt be called a driverless car. What if someone elderly accidentyly falls asleep in a driverless car and theres an accident ahead and they dont realize they have to control tghe car to pass by it safely. theres so many malfunctions and things thast can go wrong with driverless cars that it just would nt be safe. There are people who have low attention spans. so driver cant realize that there maybean ambulance or a car accident or anything that they would ha ve to grab a hold of the wheel and get passed it safely.

People that drive home drunk. So drunk drivers may think it still would be safe to drive home drunk, but oit can still cause accidents because you still need a driver. It shouldnt be okay for drunk drivers to drive in a car in and circumstance, its just still too unsafe in conclusin, driverless cars wouldn't be safe for society. it can cause many malfunions. there can be many more accidents and drunk driving cabnescolate and cause things just to be unsafe.