Should summer projects be student-designed or teacher-designed? Since a lot of schools do require a summer project for students so they will have some type of work to do over the summer, it is much better for the teacher to create the summer project. Teachers are trained to give work they know is somewhat suitable for the students. For that reason projects should be teachers designed because they know what type of work to give their students, they usually would not assign something outlandish, they also would not make it as easy as the students will make it be.

Some may argue that students will challenge themselves and not make it easy. People may also say that some teachers assign are a little outlandish and could be very hard for them. some may also say that students have a lot of things to do over the summer like jobs and sports and maybe even both. But not every student has those responsibilities and the others who do should find a little bit of time for their projects. Next, a reason for why teachers should design projects are because teachers know what type of project to design for the students

First reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is because teachers know what type of project to assign. Reason for that is because teachers most likely having been assigning projects for years know what type of projects may be to hard or maybe to easy for some students. Most teachers by the time it teachers summer will have a good understanding of what some students can do and can not do, and they know if they should make it challenging or make it somewhat easy. Teachers will try their best to not make the projects too hard for the students to complete for example a teacher would not tell their students to read like say ten books and then summarize them, reason being is because they know not every student has the time to complete it if they have other things going on in their lives. Secondly, teachers wold not assign something that seemed very outlandish or bizarre.

Secondly, teachers would not assign a project that was outlandish and bizarre. Like for example a teacher would not tell you to write 5 full essays in MLA style have it hand written and also typed. Reason for that is because even though summer may seem long it can actually go by very quickly and many students have things to do over that period of time. For example a student may have a sport that has practice everyday or may have a job that requires them to work everyday. With that in mind teachers would make it challenging but will try to not make the projects very outlandish. Another reason for why teachers would not assign a bizarre project could also be that not all teachers want to grade a lot of papers. For example if they were to assign something like a few essays and a reading project all the grading they would have to do is much greater than the work the students had to do, just because their are a lot of students who may have done the work. In addition to teachers making the projects outlandish and bizarre they would also not make the project as easy as the students might make them.

Lastly summer projects should be teacher designed because teachers would not make the projects as easy as the students may make them. Students usually like to not do anything over summer because they think of it as their break from work and projects, so if the school allowed the students to make them the students might make it very easy so they do not have to do much. Students would take advantage of them being able to make their own projects for example, students may make a a easy project like read a comic book or something like that and not do that much. The teacher however will make it somewhat challenging like for example they will assign a project that would not be very easy but will make it somewhat hard. Not all students will make it easy their are some students who will challenge themselves to do good and make a good project. But it would be better and more efficient if the teacher were to design it. Lastly, in all it would be more efficient if the teacher were to design the summer project

In conclusion teachers should design the summer reading project because they know what to assign to their students, they not gonna make it outlandish or bizarre, they are also not gonna make it as easy as the students might make it. Teachers get paid to each students so it would make sense if the teachers would assign the summer projects because they know what type of assignments to give for the students. After all of this is done i want you to,look back and realize why teacher should make the summer projects and why students should not be able to.                       