Advantages Of Limiting Car Usage

Have you ever thought of the advantages of limiting car usage? I have, by limiting car usuage there will be less pollution, your town will not be not be covered in smog and it'll bring you closer with your community. I think that you (my fellow citizens) should and do want that for you and your community.

To begin, the first positive of declining your usage of cars will prevent pollution.

Pollution is very horrible, it can harm people in many ways. Pollution can make people sick, keep them from wanting to go outside and enjoy the out doors and also can harm the wildlife. For example, big trucks and machinary seem to spit out a lot of diesel which is a lot of pollution which can internally harm citizen's bodies. So do you want pollution in your community?

Next, limiting car usage will prevent your beautiful city from being covered in smog. Smog is nasty and makes your environment (home) look nasty as well. Smog is pollution that travels through the air and allows the sky/clouds to look grey and the air to be filled wih all types of horrible gasses. I'm sure you wouldn't like going out side and seeing your environment be all gloomy and disgusting because of your vehicals.

Lastly, not being in your vehicals all day, talking to people about your life and just being genuine will truely bring everyone so much closer as a community. Being close with your neighbors, talking and walking will all of the genuine people in the communtity will help your society grow. We all want to know our surrondings so why not get out of the cars and go for a stroll, you never know what may be the outcome. Vehicals are overrated in my opinion.

To conclude, I think that you should consider all of the advantages of less car usuage. Not only to prevent pollution, prevent a smoggy community, but to also help you communicate with your family. Now the choice is yours, do what's best fro not only you but your society. Just don't forget all the outcomes of car usuage.    