Have you ever had a choice that is so hard to make because of lack of knowledge, or you just do not know if it will be right for you. This problem is easily fixed if you ask someone or go online and do the same. Seeking multiple opinions on a certain choice is very helpful. Looking for the correct solution can also give you more knowledge and different view point on it, so it can often make the decision a lot easier and way more beneficial, and could even help you make the best decision.

When searching for the correct choice often times advice received gives more knowledge on the choice. An example of this is deciding to get a sweatshirt or not. There are multiple opinions on if it is worth it, one being cost, another being how stylish it is, and maybe one opinion being how comfortable it is. Now with all these opinions the one deciding whether to buy it or not has more knowledge on it, and can make the right choice for them. Without this advice that person could buy it and realize it was not worth for the price or it is not comfortable. Another example is a person's decision of being on a first class in a flight or not. Opinions on this vary which could go anywhere from expense to if it was worth it. After this the person has obtained multiple opinions on this, and they can make their decision based on their need and achieved knowledge. This again goes back to the point that the person may have made the wrong decision for them if they did not ask for more knowledge. The elective someone is choosing could also being an example. The opinions on an elective too vary, like how fun the elective is, how hard it is, and even how useful it is. With all this gathered information the person would choose based on their values and the gained knowledge. Over all without the different opinions different people have some people may find themselves in a bad spot were their decision making was wrong.

During my life this has also helped me out many times, one being on which flavor is should get in a snow cone. Even though this decision will not affect if I succeed or not, it is still a decision that I valued. When asking my friends I got multiple opinions on each flavor. One being that mint was the best since the others had no taste, and without it it would just taste like cold water. Someone else tried to get me to choose the flavor that tasted like sprite. His reasoning for this was that he liked it. Even though both of these both had good reasoning none were for me since I thought it would not be as good as they said. I still took these ideas into account though. Finally one of my friends came up with the brilliant idea of mixing them all together since they were all so different and it was hard to choose. In the end I ended up going with this idea. I still don't regret this decision. The ideas I heard really did help me make a decision and I think it was the correct on.

When asking multiple people you can also get different view point, and not just the facts, which can help make decision based on your values. One thing that does this a lot is when you have a meeting for something. Often times during meeting people are there to solve a problem. There are multiple people there because they want a lot of different opinions to make one choice, because if they make the wrong one it could cost a lot. However, opinions are based on other peoples values so their opinion will not be your. This is not the best but is still gives you input and may even convince you enough to change you choice. Theses multiple view also help if it is a group decision that affect people. Since the group deciding usually wants the best for everyone it would help if the got input from multiple people. For example a farmer would have a different views and opinions than a business man. If they were able to find something that would benefit both it would be a success. All of this could not be as good if they were not able to get multiple view points and opinions. The choice would often times be one that is decided off of someone's personal life. Which would not help other people that are not like them.

Ultimately seeking multiple opinions will help someone make better decisions. So if your struggling with a decision go online or talk to people so you can get more knowledge and view points on your choice, and then you may end up making the perfect decision for you.