Have you ever went to someone for advice? Did they give you good advice or bad advice? When someone is giving you their thoughts on the matter, it comes from their own experiences, so you must be extremely careful to not blindly trust someones advice. This is why many people go to a lot of reliable sources, like friends or family members, for advice. Seeking more than one persons judgment is amazing because everyone has their own opinions and experiences, it could lead to better judgment, and it could also grant you with some internal peace. These are the reasons I believe that seeking advice from others is a very good thing.

When facing a hard decision, whether it may be a family or a friend issue, it is good to go to a couple of trusted adults or friends. This is a great idea because many people have different experiences and ideas. Lets say you want to go rock climbing, but without any gear. Some of your friends may say, "Yeah! You should totally do it!", or "That sounds so cool!". But what if the last person you go to made the same mistake you were about to do, and ended up getting very hurt. They would tell you to wear gear as to protect yourself because they don't want you to get hurt like they did. After hearing the last persons advice, you may start to reconsider your actions. Sometimes, people can give you bad and dangerous advice; however, many people also give good advice. So, if you just listen to one persons advice, you may find yourself in a sticky situation. While, sometimes listening to just one person can be good, you want to be able to have all the facts and all the opinions before diving head first into things.

Secondly, after listening to others advice, you can usually come up with better judgment. What if you and your best friend get into a fight. Sometimes, all you want to do is fight, fight, fight. But, that is never the right thing to do. When you have some sound advice, you can usually talk things out. When you starting thinking with your brain and it's not just you using your mouth, you can have a better end result. Even if the fight wasn't good and you both are still a little upset, it is better than not being friends at all. With advice comes less drama and less hurt people. When you take a deep breath and use the advice given to you, it is easier to take a step back and apologize.

Lastly, seeking advice from others can grant you internal peace. When someones comes up and helps you, you get a feeling of happiness. When you know someone is there for you and will stick beside you to give you advice, it boosts your moral. Also, when you are facing the problem head on, it can cause you to feel some uneasiness. So, if you have some great advice, you can usually feel more at ease. Finally, when the dilemma comes to an end, people will be proud of you for making the right decision.

It feels great to know that you have made the right decision and that people will be proud of you.

In conclusion, seeking more than one persons judgment is amazing because everyone has their own opinions and experiences, it could lead to better judgment, and it could also grant you with some internal peace. With all this knowledge you now have, you must make the decision for yourself to use said knowledge. So, will you go to others for advice, or will you just go off your own advice? The choice is yours.