Teachers usually believe they know whats best for their students, since from a time long past they were students too, but that is not necessarily true. Its been a long time since teachers roamed the halls of high school or middle school, and things have changed. This is why students need to be the ones designing summer projects since students are the ones doing them, the stress of students and the balance between work and fun.

This next bit is simple, since students are the ones doing the projects they should be the ones to design it. Although during the school year teachers design most if not all homework that comes the students way, that homework is not on the same scale as a summer project. With a summer project you are given the whole summer to finish the project and since it is on such a large scale and affecting so much time, students should be the ones designing the projects. Students being the ones to complete the projects is not the only reason.

Stress is a fickle thing; not enough of it and nothing will get done, but if theres to much your whole life can fall apart. Students and teachers experience different kinds of stress. Students stress about turning things in on time or being on their best behavior. While teachers stress about being nice to students, while still giving discipline. When a student is expected to complete such a large project such as a summer one, they get stressed. Yet if the student is able to be the one who designs and creates the project, it can have no stress involved. Stress is an important part of why students should be the ones designing summer projects but expectations put into place by the teacher play a part aswell.

Expectations play quite the role these days, they cause people to flourish or dissapoint. Dissapointment is what will happen to those few students who never go above and beyond, but stay average if teachers design these projects. Students have many things to worry about during the school year, but during the summer theres not as many. Which is why something as small as this project can cause extreme harm to a student with a project designed by a teacher that requires them to go 100% and their only capable of 80%. This is why students need to design projects, so that everyone can get the score their expectations they believe.

Expectations, stress levels and students doing the projects, are all reasons why students should be the ones to design summer projects and not teachers. Summer is a time of clarity for students and teachers alike, they dont have to worr about grades or waking up early to go to school and it should stay that why. All in all students and teachers both have their own strengths and weakness, but one of a students stregths is their ability to design summer projects.