Life is constantly manipulating you into making decisions. No matter how meaningless you think the decision may be, every outcome will effect the path of your life in one way or another. When making a decision, it is important to seek advice from others to ensure that you are making the correct choice. In the process of seeking advice regarding a certain issue, it is extremely beneficial to receive multiple opinions rather than just one because this will allow you to visualize all the possible outcomes to your decision and experience how different lifestyles interpret your problem and its solutions.

When interpreting different solutions, there is never going to be only a single route around the obstacle that life throws your way. Imagining all of the possible outcomes to a decision will allow you to weigh the pros and cons. For example, visualize yourself in a scenario in which you have to choose between furthering your education after graduating high school, or getting a job to start earning money. Some benefits to furthering your education are that it will not only allow you to become an expert in a particular region of work, but it may influence the decision of future managers seeking employees. This is because when your resume shows that you went to a university, this will impact their choice when picking you over someone who didn't make the choice to further their education after graduating high school. On the other hand, upon completion of all twelve grades, continuing to learn is no longer free. Not only is college extremely expensive once you have been excepted, but even sending in an application costs money and you are't even guaranteed to get in. Furthermore, while going to school to become more educated is a go-to for some, many others may believe that after high school, earning money, in order to be able to support a family in the present or future, is more important. Nowadays, money has a large influence on everybody because it has become a huge factor of survival. Social media influencers along with simple waitress's in small town restaurant's depend on the gains of money to be able to live. Earning money is vital to some while earning an education is just as important for others. Moreover, in this situation you may think that there are only two routes when choosing to further your knowledge versus earning money by getting a job, but that would be incorrect. It has been made possible to further an education while being employed. Technology has made a great impact on those who value both money and education. Online classes are easily available to those who have any electronic devices. Being in an online course allows a person to learn and complete work on their own time. Overall, there is always another choice to make and hearing everyone's different opinions allows you to weigh the pros and cons of each outcome.

Everybody's lifestyles are different. People were raised to believe certain things and to have varying morals. In addition to weighing the pros and cons of a decision to result in the best possible outcome, receiving the opinions of multiple people is beneficial because it allows you to view the world in contrasting ways. Being placed in someone else's shoes opens your eyes up to different points of view. This will allow you to pick the decision that would have the least amount of conflict among a group of people with mixed beliefs. For example, picture a scenario in which you have to make the decision between wearing a blue or red dress. It would benefit you if you were to ask the opinions of multiple people to see which dress was voted for the most. In the end, the outcome of picking the dress that people viewed as best would result in more positive responses when you were to actually wear the dress to an event. This comes to show that asking the opinions of several people allows for an anonymous agreement to be made.

In conclusion, it is beneficial to seek the advice of multiple people when making a decision because it allows you to visualize all of the possible outcomes and weigh the pros and cons of your solutions. As a result of hearing multiple opinions, you are more likely to pick the best solution to a conflict in your life.