Do you ever want to skip school and stay at home? As a kid, I have always wanted to take classes at home so I wouldn't have to go to school; however, now that I'm older, I realize that taking classes at home wouldn't benefit me. Coming to school and taking classes at school has been extremely beneficial for me. Schools offer a great counseling program that has helped me through various problems, I can't imagine how my life would be if It wasnt for the help of my counselor. Some say that taking online classes at home is beneficial, but it is not, taking classes at school is the best option and is beneficial because students have a one on one experience with their teachers, students have a better social life, and builds character.

Having a one on one experience with your teacher is extremely important, but if a student takes online classes at home, they wont be able to experience that. Teachers are always there for help: if a student, after taking notes, still doesn't understand the subject, a teacher could go one on one with the student and help them understand. On multiple occasions, I couldn't understand a subject until I had a one on one time with the teacher. According to Harvard University study, 78% of high school students need a one on one time with a teacher to understand a subject. Teachers have a special way in making students understand. This is why a student won't benefit from taking online classes at home because there will be no teacher to help one on one.

Also, being at home all day taking classes does not benefit with having a good social life; however, coming to school exposes a student to many other students that could potentially lead to having more friends and a better social life. According to multiple studies ran by Cornell University, 48% of students who take online classes are socially off. My brother took classes at home for the first two years of high school and he did not have any friends. When he started going to school for classes, I could tell that he was much happier. He had multiple friends and was socially better. Thats why a student doesn't benefit from taking classes online because its not good for a students social life.

finally, taking classes online does not build character because it doesn't expose students to the real world; however, school on the other hand, exposes a student to many real life situations that sets students to graduating and going out in the real world. My family and I have noticed the difference in my brothers character when he used to take online classes at home compared to going to school. My brother was not confident and did not have much common sense since he was home all day; however, since he started going to school he has became more confident and has more common sense. By going to school, I personally have learned many life skills that build my character. This is why taking online classes isn't beneficial because it doesn't build a students character.

some may say that taking online classes at home benefits a student because students have less distractions; however, it doesn't benefit a student because what they can experience and learn is extremely limited. Imagine being home almost all day taking classes, a students life would be miserable. Would a student be able to handle going to college if all they were used to is taking classes at home? Are students who have been socially awkward their whole life because they took online classes handle going out in the real world? 