Driverless cars to some may be benificial and I'm all for it. The news is on everyday and there's atleast one incident where "a car ran off the road" or "there's a traffic jam from a car crash." Would this happen with driverless cars? I don't think we would have as many car wrecks, slideoffs, and traffic jams if we had driverless cars. I feel the streets would be more safe and run extremely smoother, then they are now.

As we all know It's 2016 and we're only moving further and further into technology. Driverless cars are only the next big thing and they're being noticed more and more everyday. All these manufacturers and car companies are trying to come up with the safest driveless cars as possible and that's just what they're doing. Do you think the first car invented had all these gadgets we have now? No, they had no gps, airbags, or these car sensors we have now, but we grew in technology and made them more safe.

The biggest thing that's stopping driverless cars from being on the streets in my opinion is safety. Nobody has saw driverless cars on the street, so we don't know how to react to something so new. Driverless cars would have all of these sensors that will keep the car from crashing or breaking speed limits. These driveless cars are only mimicing a human at the wheel, but these signals and sensors are way safer then a humans senses and signals.

These driverless cars will open up doors for many future inventions. Back in the 1900's they weren't expecting there to be all of this technology, but there is. Technology is only going to grow and grow. What we need to do is adapt to these new inventions and make the best of them because next week you might see Toyota come out with a flying car.

Just think to yourself " could you see driverless cars on the street or even see yourself in one?" Well my answer is yes because we need more safety on the streets and obviosly people can't do it themselves so why not give technology a chance? Driveless cars would change the world and maybe the world needs a change, but the world definitley need safer streets.      