To Begin with, many student have many excuses to not attend school. Of curse, that we can change this to not be happen anymore. Student may not complete the school if they lose the year.

What would happen if student get affected for all student that not attend school? For example, like I seen in me that I have a lot of appointment that is affecting me and my grade. We can not let this happen we need to do many thing in order to not let our child lose. In addition,

principal should offer distance learning for student that the way could not affect them because student might have a natural disaster in their neighborhood, student might be sick in such manner that could not attend school, that might affect their grade and they might repeat the year.

First reason, student might be absent for a reason like to be sick in such manner that could not attend school. All included student that is special that they go for a week or more in the hospital. Moreover, student sometime the doctor let a lot of appointment for them to check up or appointment with the dentist. Also, student who have allergies when the weather change they got affect in that they may not come to school. In high school, student sometime they get pregnant and the doctor let them many appointment including when they delivery they lose many school days and that affect many student lose the year or they may get affect their grade. Because we don't know in the future what will happen to some of our student that many of them don't find any solution of their problem. In fact, we don't know what it will happen if we don't give an opportunity to our students. We must pay attention to them if they lose many days of school sometime they are afraid to talk about their problem.

Second reason, student in their neighborhood might have a natural disaster also might need the distance learning in order to not lose school days. Sometime the weather get so angry that may bring accident or can bring tree crashing in our hose or may get rain and rain that could bring floating that may cause a lot of problem to some our students. In addition, the school bus may not get as in order to come to school. If it a student that walk that student could not get to school and the County could not cancel the school or even in there's no light and that may tell an announcement that student could not get informed about the school information weather. Because, if student get that problem the principal could not believe and it can not give an chance to those student to take the test or the exam that they had in class. After all, in the school no one care about you even if you have a teacher that it is so inpatient.

To end with, the school should offer the distance learning to some of our students. Student may got sick for a little reason and if they had natural disaster, we should care about it. If we find a student that always is absent we should ask them what is the matter or what is the problem with them? While some may argue that if we offer the distance learning student may not lose school days and even they could not lose their grade student could have benefit from this way student could not lose, however some may argue that if we gave the distance learning to student student could not enjoy this learning they just will playing even if we give the distance learning in computer they just see it they they will start playing video game or they just will watch a video. Finally, we should give the student an opportunity they will enjoy it and they will not throw it away. 