Generic_Name

3/11/20

Generic_Name struggles with making friends. Her mother suggested that she try an extracurricular activity, but Generic_Name doesn't like sports. Sports aren't the only option though, there are clubs like chess club, student council, yearbook or debate. This is a good chance for Generic_Name to make some friends. Many students don't do anything after school. If the students don't have an extracurricular activity then they seem less active with other people. Students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, it keeps the students off their electronic devices, makes the students more active with others, and it helps the students to stay out of trouble.

First, students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, it will keep the students off their electronic devices. People today are very absorbed in their devices. Apps like Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook, and YouTube keep people entertained for hours. When students dont have an extracurricular activity then they are more likely to get on their devices for many hours. If students were to go to an extracurricular activity then they could be more involved in the real world and not crammed inside there house on their phone for hours.

Second, students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, it makes the students more active with other people. Many people struggle with interacting with others, but an extracurricular activity can help students to meet new people. Being in an extracurricular activity will help students to make new friends. Most of these activities require students to interact so they will have to make friends. Having friends in school makes their time there more enjoyable. Going out of the students comfort zone is a part of life they are going to have to do things that make them uncomfortable.

Last, students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, it helps the students stay out of trouble. Students are more likely to get into trouble when the aren't in a extracurricular activity because, they may get bored and just go and make some bad decisions. Many students feel peer pressure to do bad things. Extracurricular activities can help create a positive influence on people. Students sometimes feel like they have to be like this or be like that but, the students just need to be themselves.

Just like Generic_Name students can explore new activities to make friends. Students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, it keeps the students off their electronic devices, makes the students more active with others, and it helps the students to stay out of trouble. Push students to join these extracurricular activities so they can explore what they like to do, and what they dont like to do. If students never get out of their comfort zone then that wont get anywhere in life. Extracurricular activities are good for the students. It gives the students something to look forward to at the end of the day. 