When facing a challenge or problem, people often ask someone for advice and guidance. But it is important to got to many people instead of just one. Asking a variety of people gives different perspectives, a multitude of different ideas, and many people have life experiences with these issues. Just one person will not have the same answer to the question as another, and it is important to hear advice from everyone you can to gain a proper understanding. Without a multitude of answers, your advice may be untrue or biased and therefore useless to you.

Everyone has a different point of view on the world. They have different backgrounds and experiences from you and others. To get an unbiased solution to your problem, you must ask different people what they think of it. Without a different perspective you may have a one-sided approach to the question and not answer or solve it properly. When people with different perspectives give you advice it will broaden your understanding of the challenge and your answer will not be as corrupt.

People often have different ideas than one another. Some are just more creative than others, and have a greater imagination when searching for a solution. For example, when a bridge collapses many people will tell you to make the supports larger so the bridge could support more weight. But more creative individuals may say to try a new approach with a different design that may make the bridge stronger and more cost effective. Not asking a variety of people for their ideas can prevent you from finding a better solution. That would limit the potential for what you could create and could be harmful to your career.

Finally, people tend to have different experiences in life. They could have more general knowledge about a topic, or even have expertise in the field. Asking an uneducated person for advice would not give you the same results as someone who is an expert. There could even be someone who has gone through the same problem as you. Asking them how they tried to fix the problem may spark ideas in your head. It is always beneficial to ask someone who is educated for their advice, because that will give a better understanding of the subject at hand and allow you to solve the problem to your best ability.

Still, many people just go to one person for advice; someone they trust will give them good advice. That may help, but it will never be as effective as asking multiple people for guidance. They could have a different point of view, different creative outlooks, and knowledge of things you may not know about. So I implore you that the next time you need advice, go ask as many people as you can. That will boost your chances of success and start a healthy habit you will need for the rest of your life.