Advice is something that everyone has asked for or given at some point. Advice is what helps fuel the decisions that people make. When asking for advice, someone often asks a variety of different people. Parents, friends, teachers, coaches and whatnot. Asking multiple people can provide personal insight and reasoning about the question, can help assure someone of their decision, and help find a person who has been through a similar situation.

Every single person, living or dead, has experienced different things. Experiences change and mold personality. When asking somebody who has a negative outlook on what is being asked may give a different answer than somebody who thinks positively about the question. Asking different people can provide an assortment of different answers, which can then be used to form a final decision. A person who has made good decisions throughout their life, with a steady career and family, will likely give better advice than a person who has made negative decisions.

Sometimes, people may be asking lots of people the same question for the sole purpose of being assured. If three people all agree about how to solve the same problem, then it is most likely best to do this, instead of doing something that only one person agrees with. Being assured by friends and family can help prevent people from making stupid decisions, that they would have made without advice.

When asking for advice, it is best to find somebody who has been in a similar situation. Everyone goes through different things, and some people may have no experience in the subject matter. This often results in poor advice that is based off of a guess than an actual opinion. For example, when asking somebody for advice regarding a certain job, it is best to ask somebody who has experience with said job. Asking a pizza delivery guy on advice if someone should go to police academy, is not smart because the pizza delivery guy has no knowledge of what is being asked.

Decisions are what change people's lives, for the better or for the worse. Advice tends to back up these decisions. Being careful about asking certain people for advice is important because their personal insight with a problem, their knowledge of a problem, or just to reassure you of your decision. However, everyone has control of their own life, so they have the right to make whatever decisions they want to.