In1998, new high resolution images and 3D altimetry from NASA's Mars Global Survey, a spacecraft revealed the a face on mars. Some believe that the face was created by aliens, others including NASA, and myself believe that it is just a natural landform. NASA research states in the article that it is just a huge rock formation, and there is common landforms around the American West. Also web surfers get dissapointed when what they been waiting for is really just a land formation.

When NASA unveiled the image for all to see they caption the picture "huge rock formation." They also stated "human face..formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." They also state "huge rock formation that resembles a human head." This shows that NASA believes and told the public that what some think is created by aliens is really just a natural landform.

Similar pictures have been found common around the American West, that look just like the "face" on Mars. The article states that "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa--landforms common around the American West." Garvin states "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the snake River Plain of Idaho." This shows that

NASA compares the face to comman landforms already found and explains they are very similar.

Thousand of anxious web surers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, only to reveal a... natural landform. They text states "there was no alien monument after all." The text also states that "web surfers who waited so long for what they thought was going to be great was really just land." This shows that the web surfers where disapointed in there find, and there hopes not becoming realality.

However, those who say it is created by aliens disaprove with the fact that the "face" is just natural landforms. The text states "but not everyone was satisfied. The face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winte in April '98--a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. The camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the face. Perhaps, said skeptics, alien markings were hidden by haze." Also the text goes on to state "some people think the face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-- evidence that NASA would rather hide." These examples from the text show and help prove why people belive they were created by aliens and isnt a natural landform.

So as you can see NASA and myslef belive that the face is simply just a natural landform for many reasons proven. NASA states its just a huge rock, web surfers where dissapointed in there findings, and similar landforms have been found that match up to the face. Little do people know, the face is actually just a natural landform and not a alien creation like some hoped to find. Alien creation? Silly nonsence. Natural Landform? Very understandable!