Would you like to explore another planet? If so, which one? The author of this artical talks about exploring Venus. He explains what its like there and gives us facts like how it can be the closest planet to Earth time to time but it's really hot there and hard to explore. His reasons for exploring Venus is the closest planet to earth and is earth like and its a challenge that we should take no matter the risk. I dont think that he explained good enough on why its worth it.

The author of the artical, "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" tells us that "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size, and occasionally the closest in distance too." This means that because its close and Earths "twin" its its worh exploring no matter the challenge it brings.

The author also says "Our travels on Earth should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." When he says this he thinks that we should explore Venus no matter the dangers but in the artical he listed the dangers. He says Venus has a "thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater that what we experience on our own planet." If it's 90 times grater than what we experience on earth is it worth studying? He tells us that they sent nemerous spaccrafts to Venus but nun of them survieved longer than a few ours. If your spaceships cant land there and survive why send a human there risking lives?

In conclusion he told us some good facts about Venus like how its called Eaths twin, can be closest to earth sometimes, almost same size and same density,and that its 800 degrees Fahrenheit but i dont think his reasons explained good enough on why we should risk exploring there but he did have some good ideals on what they can do to explore Venus like hover over it 30 plus miles studying it.    