Contrary to popular belief, most teachers do prefer that students succeed and understand in their class, but they can only do so with proper help and guidance from their teacher. A teacher can do so much, although, a student must also want to do the required work as well. Sometimes students can also be too nervous or stubborn to ask for help, therefore a teacher-designed project may be easier to understand. In my opinion, a teacher-designed project would better assure students' learning during summer break due to the fact that before the previous school year ends, the student can ask for a better explanation of the instructions, they can modify them for the student's understanding level or learning path, and it could help a confused individual better comprehend the particular subject they are currently struggling to understand.

Projects over the summer can be a pain or a nightmare for both students and teachers depending on how well a teacher has designed the project to fit their students' understanding level. A teacher-designed project can be better explained to the student before the school year ends, especially since over the summer it may be difficult to contact their teacher for questions. Most teachers have a place for students to refer to like their email or their teacher's website with more directions if necessary. For example, if a teacher gives instructions that may not be so thorough for the student to understand, they can then email or go to their website for some guidance on the issue.

Directions can be confusing sometimes. It may seem easy for the teacher to explain, but for certain students that need a visual representation, it can confuse them entirely without one. When this starts to become a reoccurring issue, the teacher is able to communicate with students before the year is over to adjust these instructions for the students understanding. Although there are some teachers and students that would rather not have this project for these reasons, it still would be better in the long-term. It will seem more difficult for some, but once understood well enough it could impact them in a positive way. Student-designed projects can be more sloppy and lazy depending on the student. This way student must do all the work in order to fully comprehend the subject and get a good grade rather than going into the new year confused and on a bad note.

To most students an over-the-summer assignment, like a big project, can mean the end of their summer vacation if they don't manage their time or know what they are doing. Especially when the student has struggled to understand the subject or it does not go along with their own personal curriculum. For example, a student does not understand the subject the project is fully determined on, they can then ask for help from the teacher to better understand what it is they are doing and how it fits into what they want. Therefore, a student will understand the project and it will impact their grade and overall knowledge of the subject in a more positive way rather than negative. It could possibly even help better understanding what learning path or curriculum direction they would be interested in and fits their own specific level of knowledge on the subject.

In conclusion, I have determined that teacher-designed projects over the summer rather than student-designed projects re better for both the student and teacher alike. The teacher can then help explain the instructions to the student, as well as modify them for the individual student's understanding/learning path, and can help them learn and better understand the subject for when the new school year begins. Therefore students will be prepared and ready for whatever the next school year will have planned for them, rather than spending so much of the first few weeks reviewing and wasting somewhat both of the teacher and student's time that could be spent learning new material for the incoming year.