In everyday life, you have to make choices. These choices vary from a small problem, to a situation where you can't handle it by yourself. Most time it isn't easy, so you go to get advice from our friends, family, co workers, or teachers. Seeking multiple opinions from more than one person makes you choose better choices because you a get a variety of options and opinions, you get advice on how to make your own choices, and people that are wiser then you tend to giver better advice from their own personal experiences.

When you get a variety of opinions from many people you have a higher chance of making better choices. This is because when you get different inputs, you can choose the advice that fits appropriately with your specific situation. For example, if you are in a hard situation at work, and you need to make a finical situation, your co workers, parents, grandparents, and younger siblings will have completely different answers. Your parents, co workers, grandparents have had to work a job either in the past or in the present, meaning from experience they will have a variety of opinions. They would have different job expireneces, so everyone answers will be different and unique from one another. With the variety of options you are given, you can choose the choice that suits your situation the best. With their input, your choice option is better than when they did not contribute to your problem.

In some circumstances when you receive advice from someone, you come up with your own solution while discussing with them. In this case, you make a better choice because you came up with your own solution and you know how to handle the situation correctly. An example could be when you are in a tough situations with friends, for instance you get in a fight or your can not compromise with a solution, you would most likely talk with your parents or another friend. While discussing with them you are participating with them as well while trying to think of an appropriate solution to your problem. They constantly give you ideas that just don't fit in with your situation. After a long time of thinking over your problem with your friend, you can get frustrated easly because all you want is the fight to be over. Once your state of mind is like that, it just spits out ideas of its own, and that is when you come up with your own solution. Thanks to your family and friends multiple opinions and options trying to help you out as much as they could, you come up with your own solution to your problem.

The final reason why seeking multiple opinions can help you make better choices is because some people, most likely older folks, are wiser and have more experience in difficult life situations. Your situations could vary from not doing well academically, to a heart break, or to financial difficulties. All these things have happened to your parents or grandparents. Your wiser adults would gladly give you advice from their personal experiences, and they will give your a wide variety of choices. They have more experience than the younger generation meaning there options are most likely the best options to choose. Having a wiser adult guide you through life to help you make better choices is a big advantage in the future for your self. You would thank them for helping you be a better person by choosing the best choices.

In conclusion, when you are in a tough situation, multiple opinions can help you make the best choice possible. Taking the advice that people give you and seeing if it can be applied to your problem helps with any situation. When you listen to people that want to help you out, the outcome can be that you get a variety of options and opinions, you get advice on how to make your own choices, and people that are wiser that you could help you out from their personal experiences. The next time you can possible get out of a problem, seek multiple options, it will help you in the long run.  