Should summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? It's best that students should design the summer projects; they would have more opportunity to the projects than teachers would. Students have mindsets that would surprise some teachers at a stage of age. On the other hand people think that teachers should design the summer projects. The teachers would get many things out of the way for many students, and be prepared to present the project. I believe that students should design summer projects because the students would get a easy one-hundred, the kids would have more creative ideas, and there would be less stress on the teachers.

Students recieving an easy one-hundred would be great for them. Since the students are kids, they can make the project become very fun in a physical and mentally way. The people would have fun trying to accomplish the projects in enjoyful ways and matter. They can make the themes better and easier to read or comprehensive for others. Plus it wouldn't be so stressful for the people to figure out. On the other hand, people think that teachers would make things happen faster than what the teachers are doing. The teachers work on the project would be way more planned out for the summer. Designs would be figured out for the teacher, and they would have things printed out. The project would be ready to be shown to people that are ready to complete it over the summer. Students would be better designers for the summer project.

During this fun summer project, students would have more creative ideas than teachers would. The student-designed project can be created from a very strong imagination by the students. They believe that they can gather more people around the project. Some unique ideas can come up for the summer project and make it less boring to read, or to do have a whole. On the other hand, people believe that students would be in the way of trying to create a summer project. Teachers know how to take their time when it is necessary, and when to take their time on the summer project. They believe that the students would just pick anything to pick as a summer project without thinking about it. The teachers would be ready in time to have a summer project in mind. That's why summer projects should be student-designed.

Completing a summer project or creating a summer project as a student would be less stress on teachers. The summer project is going to be well handled by the students. Nobody would have to worry about anybody else opinions on the summer project, since it's being handled by students. The teachers can come and watch the summer project be created by their students. On the other hand, people think that it should be done by teachers so it can be understood more. Adults would make the summer project more comprehensive to read and understand on what to do. They would know how to make the project more interesting on the topic or lesson of the summer project and not the students. It's best to trust the students at there best of work.

I believe that students should design summer projects because the students would get a easy one-hundred, the kids would have more creative ideas, and there would be less stress on the teachers. On the other hand, people believe that teachers should design the summer project because they will get the project done faster, students would be in the way, and the people would understand more from teachers.     