Driverless cars are the future! There are many reasons why driverless cars will be a normallity for us in the future. A few examples are that they will take less fuel, and that they will be more efficient for someone who is always pressed for time. With technology advancing more and more each day, soon many people will own their own driverless car. Driverless cars will be signifintally more benificial than manual cars.

Driverless cars will take a lot less fuel. With fuel prices fluctuating as they do, buying fuel each week can be very inconvenient. There are alredy some solutions to this promblem, but the driverless car is just another. It will take a lot less fuel so you can quit wasting money and time.

Say you wake up late for an important meeting and do not have enough time to eat breakfast. If you have a driverless car, it will be a lot easier for you to eat in the car without having to worry about driving all at the same time. This car will save time for everyone and will make it a lot safer to do things like change the radio station or check your phone while your driving. A driverless car will save you time, and it will allow to put focus on thing other than the road, therefore being safer.

You might say that a driverless car is still illegal in most states. This is because it still has not been profected. The developers are still working to ensure that a driverless car is safe enough to be on the road at all times, in all situations. When states see that the car is just as safe, if not safer than a manual car, the laws will most likely change to accomidate a driverless car. If not, there will be many studies to evaluate the saftey of the car and statistics will show that there are less collisions in the driverless car, so the states that still haven't passed the law will most likely pass it at this point.

Driverless cars are much safer, fuel efficient, and time efficient. When they are released to the public, they will be the next big thing. They will be the better option for everyone. Driverless cars will be here soon and the world will be a much better place.