The position I have on driveless cars is that I am not sure if we can truly rely on these cars. If you are going to invent a type of car that is really driveless then invent it. I think if it is going to be a driveless car then it should stick to its true meaning "DriveLess". In the future I think we will have the technology to create these kind of cars where they are sold worldwide but I think the government wont change or make new laws for these cars. Which I dont see why they would because these cars do seem safe with all the systems they have for safety of the driver.

Technology plays a key part for the invention of these cars. Big Companies such as Google,BMW,GM,Mercedes-Benz,Audi, and Nissan all have driveless car projects they are working on. As the technology gets better over the years so will sensoring, the gps signals, antilock brakes, and driver assistance. Even Sebastian Thrun the Google Car Project founder thinks that the technology is catching up to the dream. BMW has announceed that they had developed the "Traffic Jam Assistant" that lets the car steer, accelerate , and brakes its self. Although there are very few examples, just think about the technology will have in the future if we already have this kind of technology as of today.

Safety of the driver and the passengers also plays an important key role in driveless cars. When the technology increases I think the safety of the driveless cars will increase to because Google said they had a project car that went over five hundred thousand miles without a crash. In a driveless car today though the driver must stay alert at all times, because any kind of a situation can come upon such as navigating through work zones or around accidents. Google and GM have developed warning signs to tell the driver when the driver should be ready to take over.

All these reasons are why I think these big companies should have laws to where they can work on the development of these cars anywhere. It is something that can be created today instead of in the future only if we let it happen.              