Does your child have a choice between taking an extracurricular activity? Your child may make the decision not to take part in a school activity, but your child should at least take one activity that your kid may enjoy. A student has already 35 hours each week learning about academics, but most of the academics don't teach the student confidence or leadership. There are thousands of different reasons why you should take your child to do an extracurricular activity, and these are some reasons why you must.

Taking part in a school activity may teach various life lessons that a student may not already know. Life lessons aren't valued as much but it can teach people to do the right thing. For an example, serving in a student council can possibly change what people need, because the student learned how other students feel through bias. Secondly the student may be in a fire problematic situation. Due to them participating in Science Olympiad, or Safety activities, they would know what to do.

Participating in a school activity can create a bond between friends or family. Your children may be going off into college sooner than you like. Making them participate in a activity like soccer, or football, can help strengthen the bond between you, and your children. A student may be sad or uncontrollable because he/her may not have strong relationship with friends. For instance, taking a child to a school activity can make them make friends, or either strengthen relationships between his/her friends.

Lastly the extracurricular activity will boost their leadership skills/confidence. A student may have really strong leadership skills, but they might not be using their skills to their advantages. Due to being in a extracurricular activity it can significantly increase their skills and be put too use. Activities that can boost leadership are Math counts, sports, things related to teamwork. The student may also not be confident, and being confident is used everywhere. A student must be confident to make things happen. Some recommended choices to increase confidence is drama club, music, and book clubs.

When your children get an invitation to a school activity, it will be more likely to persuade them into it whether they enjoy it or not. I agree that students should participate in at least one activity, participating in a extracurricular activity will make a big difference. There are many more other reasons why to take part in a extracurricular activity.

When a student takes part in a extracurricular they can learn life lessons, create bonds between family/friends, and boost both confidence and leadership.