Should Drivers Use Cellphones While Driving?

Cell Phones have become a prominent part of most peoples lives in this contemporary era. Smartphone ownership is growing rapidly around the world. In addition, the worlds population is 7.6 billion with an estimated 1.4 billion cars on the road. That is a vast eighteen percent of the population. This leads to the question, should drivers be able to use cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle? I feel as though you should not touch your phone while operating a vehicle. A person is twenty-three times more likely to have a motor vehicle crash while texting and driving.

It maybe argued that people need their phones in dire emergencies. This is where the campaign "It can wait" comes in and other programs to promote wireless usage (ex. Bluetooth). Thus, ceasing any hands-on phone activity while operating the vehicle. Bluetooth wireless makes things more convenient for vehicle users. Calls, music listening, and more can be accessed using Bluetooth.

When texting and driving, your focus is mostly on your phone. Your focus is supposed to be fully on the road. Not only is there traffic, but you also must look out for pedestrians. You must be aware so that you can be able to react quickly to pedestrians that aren't aware and potential accidents (due to poor judgement of other drivers). Knowing and keeping track of your speed and the speed limit is also crucial. You cannot do as listed above when fully submerged in your phone.

Additionally, laws are being passed to stop driving and using a cellphone in any capacity of a vehicle. If seen doing so, you will get a ticket. As of July 1st, 2019, this law was put in place in Georgia. You would also receive a moving violation. Moving violations affect auto insurance. While cellphones are very convenient, we must be able to articulate when and where to use them.

We are aware of places where they are prohibited (e. g.: court rooms, airplanes, movies) therefore it will take some getting used to not being on your phone at all while driving. It is not impossible, though. We can still receive phone calls, especially those very important ones, of course. As mentioned before, the Bluetooth may be hooked up to your car, therefore one may talk wirelessly whilst driving. The conversation may be heard via speakers in the car. In conclusion, drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. It can always wait.

Works Cited

1.) "AT&amp;T It Can Wait: Take the Pledge to Drive Distraction Free." AT&amp;T It Can Wait | Take the Pledge to Drive Distraction Free, 27 Feb. 2020, www. itcanwait. com/.

2.)

Cuffy 2

Cuffy 3                                                                                                                                                                                           