Imagine you're sitting at home, watching a show, and your mom says "Go outside, and play with your friends." The problem for you is that you don't know a lot of kids out of school, so you have nothing to do but stay inside. That is just one of the consequences of not participating in after school activities. You don't know what you've been missing out on, so you don't think it's that big of a deal when you pass a poster in the hall, advertising a new club. Students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can interact with others, they will be off their phone screen, and it will look good on their applications.

Students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it's a good way to interact with others. Making friends can be really hard for some people while for others it can be the easiest thing to do. Joining a club can help with making a friend because the people in the club have the same interests as you. Once you've made a couple friends, you can develop your social skills like leadership, and confidence. If you join an after school program, you'll be able to make friends and have stronger social skills when talking to others.

Students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they will be off your phone screen. Yes, we all like binge watching our favorite shows, but it has to come to an end at some point in the day for us to be able to do our work and hang out with friends. When you stay after school you're not on your phone, scrolling down social media to see what your friends are doing. You are with your friends and talking to them. You may not notice it, but over time, your vision will get worse from staying on your phone for too long. So, when you stay after school, and your phone is packed away in your backpack, that helps your health. If join an after school club you will be more aware to your surroundings, and not stuck to your phone.

Students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because it will look good on their applications. When universities look at your grades, they also look to see if you participated in other activities. For example, if you joined a club that had to do with public speaking, universities would think that you're able to present in front of a class, and jobs would think that you would do well in customer service. All these small things help you in your future. When you join an after school club, you will be able to have a lot of activities on your applications.

Staying after school for clubs and activities will help you now, and in the future. It's getting you prepared for the life after school ends. Students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can interact with others, they will be off their phone screen, and it will look good on their applications. So, the next time your mom says "Go outside and play with your friends." You don't have to worry about who to call and hang out with because you've made friends at school.