The whole idea of driverless cars is stupid in my opinion. Drivers of todays age sometimes are more interested in looking at there phone while driving instead of doing the actual driving itself. Which cause accidents and sometimes even death but people still do it which is really stupid on there part. The fact that to some people think that checking to see what somone texted them is more important than keeping their eyes on the road is just down right stupid. They should actually be paying attention to the road so that they dont hurt themselves or someone else in an accident. I

When people are driving the whole point of driving is to look at the road and be careful when driving so that you get to where you're trying to go safley. But inorder to do that you need to pay attention to the road,now if the car drives itself and the only time the car would need a human to help out would be in an accident or during severe road conditions. Then the driver wouldnt have to pay attetion, which is not the case, rather the car only would need the assistance of a human evry now and then. Even though consdiering that even though the car doesnt need you inorder to drive most of the time it will still require your assistance ocassionaly. If we developed driverless cars I fear that people will be more prone to get into more accidents then they would driving the car normally. These cars still would need a human present to be able to function but if the human in the car was required to take over the wheel and they werent paying attention to the road the they would crash. Now granted this idea would be cool to have and it would be more fuel efficent and in the long run it would help out the environment. But I just dont think its a good idea right now. mostly do to the fact that most of the accidents now are because of drivers not paying attention to the road while they're driving. The whole driverless car thing is only going to increase that lack of attention that drivers are paying to the road. All because the drivers will feel that they arent needed to do anything while theyre driving.

In conclusion I feel that driverless cars would be a terrible idea and instead of decreasing car related accidents and deaths it would increase them significantly unless drivers pay more attention while they are driving.