Dear principal.

I have read your two possible policies. Policy one is a good policy the reason why is because know a days all students have a phone. It would be better for you just to let them have a phone because if you don't students will go in their own risk of consequences just to have their phone in handy. If you could notice, also know a days all students really care about is having their phone. That is a really special object to any teenager, your students from your school will really appreciate it if you allow them to use their phone during free time or lunch periods. I can ensure you that is you let this policy go students gradually will love you, and knowing that they can use their phone in those free minutes they will not have the need to use it during the class time. I would have to choose policy one as the most reasonable and it would be fair for both you as the principal and the students of your school.

Policy two will cause the students to rebel against the school just for not letting them bring a phone to school. As you know by now students will go to the extremes for one little thing. Not allowing to bring phones to school might be a trouble of some students. The reason why is because they use their phone to communicate with their parents or family members. If parents don't have a way to call their children after school to get picked up, or if something bad has happened would lead up to using the school phone just to ask any parents for a little question. It would be better just to let them have a phone so that this situation would not happen.

My main reasons to agree with policy one is that with that policy students at your school will have more respect for you just so you would let them use their phone at school. If this policy passes i think students will probably come down a little bit and they will actually like the school even more. They would tell their family and friends of the school soon a large amount of people would want to sign up in your school. These are the reason why i agree with policy one.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME