Dear State Senator,

As A citizen in the United States i say that keeping the electoral college is a good idea!

Taking away the electoral college would make alot of people angry. Having an electoral college makes it ten times easier for the government. Having an electoral college makes it more fair for citizens and having the majority people agree, alot its alot easier for the governement to see who the people want to lead us and lastly there will be alot less arguments from citizens because if they dont agree they cant do anything about it because majority rules.

Having an electoral college makes it alot more fair for citizens to vote. The electoral college is a process that consists of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president. Choosing a president and voting for him/her make sthe citizens agree. When it comes down to voting day the citizens have to come to a majority to rule. Having the votes sent to congress and them deciding is very fair because they can decide the final dicison for the citizena dn who tehy think the citizens want more.

The electoral college has 538 electors, so its not like 2 people can decide the president. Having an elecotral college makes it alot easier to decide for the government. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the president. One for each member in the house of representatives plus 2 for you senators. The presidential election is held every 4 years so people have time to decide if they want to re elect or to keep the current president.

Electoral elections have less argument between the citizens. If you took electoral college away people would be starting riots about who to choose. Having this system is very organized and prepared, if you just take away and start something new its going to be a mess. Electoral college is a very mature way in electing president. Citizens dont have to argue because the majority rules all so they cant fight someone because they didnt pick who they wanted

THose are the reasons on why they should not take away electoral college!!It makes it more fair! its makes it easier to decide! Lastely its less arguments with citizens about who won! So as a citizen in the U.S. i say do not take electoral college away!    