With some thought I really like the idea of ths FACS. Not only can it train us to know someones emotions but it can make lessons at school more intersting. If I am reading an essay about something that I do not like, obviously I will not attain as much knowledge as I should. The computer that reads my facial expressions and designs a whole new lesson per say, is the one I want.

I can see this program coming in play for a lot of applications. We could get more kids to enjoy school.

In the first parapgraph the author talks about how this program can read and understand someones emotions. They used a painting that dates back centries ago, and still can see exactly the emotion of Mona Lisa. If this program can do this to a painting, imagine what it could do in the daily life of most people! Just think about how much of us use technology. We dont always see what we want to see on social media and what not when it comes to adds. This program can read how you feel about that add and change the add the next time. Thats amazing.

In paragraph 3 the author explains kinda how it works. The only problem I could see come about is security. I mean i wouldnt want some program judging my facial expressions 24/7. So there would have to be some type of agreement and some rules. Also I would want what the programs reads about my emotions to only be shared with me and not be accsessed by others. Its a personal thing.

I was wondering about how the program could read mixed or multiple emotions. Paragraph four goes into detail about this. The author writes "by weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions." and " Each expression is compared against a neutral face (showing no emotion)." So I would think this software is decently accurate.

Every day at school us students are forced to read and comprehend stuff that we have no say in. It has always been like that. To me I would think if a student is enjoying what He or She is learning they will learn and attain more knowledge. That is where this software comes in. Looking around at fellow classmates, I could almost guarentee that I will not find anyone smiling. Well maybe I could but I can promise you they are not doing school work.

So again I am for sure all for this software. When you stop and think about all the applications this could be used for, it is amazing. Not only that but look at how this could change education. This software can help truly tell someone how they are conveying themselves in public. You may think you look and seem hapy, when to everyone else you look like a sad puppy. Again this is a great software and would do some great things for a lot of people.       