When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Asking for advice is like getting a check-up; it benefits everyone. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices, for it can benefit some of his or her decisions, helps with deciding on things, and can give better options of choices.

To begin with, seeking multiple opinions can benefit some of his or her decisions. Some people tend to ask for advice when something is extremely hard to decide on. Half of those people ask one person while the other half asks multiple people. Asking multiple people, however, helps to knock out the bad options that they assume will not benefit the situation you are in. It also helps you with getting better opinions, towards your choices, from them. For example, my friend, Generic_Name, needed advice from someone about a situation that was going on in her life at the time. She asked one person, but their opinion did not help her with the decisions she had to make. So, she asked multiple friends of hers for their opinions. After narrowing her options down from what her friends had said, she successfully made a better decision that benefit her afterwards.

Also, it can help with deciding on things. When you are put into a situation that needs something to be decided on, most ask others, because the pressure and stress from that problem gives that person a hard time. With the supportive opinions and choices given from your friends or family, the stress and anxiety that comes around soon disintegrates and feels like a huge weight is lifted off your shoulders once the problem is fixed. For instance, I was put in a situation where I had to make a tough decision. Due to the fact it was already stressful and hard to handle, I asked a few of my friends for advice on it. After them supporting me and helping me decide on what they thought I should do, I eventually made the right decision for myself.

To end with, this can give better options of choices. Half the time, people think their options for their own problem will be helpful, because it is less time and stress for them. Sometimes, friends or family may have better opinions for you. If you get different opinions and more options, it makes deciding a lot easier. Your list of choices may be added to or taken away from, but either way, putting multiple options together from what others may have said will make deciding easier due to to better options. To illustrate, my brother, Generic_Name, needed help deciding on what project choice he should do for his end of the year project. He made the assumption it would be better to ask people he knew would be able to help him make that decision. After asking his other siblings, including me, he narrowed down his options by deciding on what he enjoyed most to the amount of points he would get doing certain projects and finally made a good choice from the options we had given him.

However, seeking multiple opinions could make things harder when making a choice. Sometimes, getting opinions could make the problem worse, because one of your friends may say something you will not like or just something you do not want to hear. Multiple opinions can also add stress to you because everyone you ask may say completely different things, which will not help you make the choice. You could also be given options that, either do not make any sense for your situation or make everything harder for you.

In conclusion, when people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions from people can benefit choices by knocking out the bad options and getting better options for you. It can also help you decide on things by getting the support from your friends during the hard times of deciding on something. Lastly, you are given better options, whether it is taking away or adding to the options you already have. This is why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.