The "Face on Mars" is a famous landmark on, you guessed it, Mars! Many people believe that it is just a natural landform, but others believe it was created by aliens. Why do people believe that it's created by aliens? Well, they believe that the Face is bona fide proof that there is life on Mars, and NASA is hiding something from us. In my personal opinion, I believe that it's just a natural landform that just happens to look like a face. I think that because I think the odds of aliens creating a face on Mars out of no where is very illogical. So in this essay, I'm going to prove to you that the "Face of Mars" is actually a landform instead of an actual alien artifact!

One of the main reasons I believe that it is just a natural landform is because according to the article, mesas are something that is common around a region of Mars called Cydonia. And since the face was located in Cydonia, it wouldn't be out of place for there to be a mesa there. So in the beginning, scientists told everyone what it really was, another Martian mesa, but it was shaped like a face. But many people noted something that was in the article in paragraph 2, where it said that the mesa had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh. My explanation for this is maybe the mesa was formed a certain way that made it have these out of place shadows, because not every mesa is alike and some may have different shapes than another. Also according to the article, it notes that very few scientists believe that it is an alien artifact, which means there are someone skeptics among scientists, and sure, scientists may be smarter than the average person, but that does not mean they are always correct.

Now we move along to even more important evidence, the pictures. The pictures are important because if you look at the picture of the "Face on Mars" taken in 1976, you could see that it really isn't that clear, but you can make out a face in it. But if you look at the better pictures in 1998 and 2001, you can see that they're a whole lot clearer than the ones in 1976. Right now I'm focusing on the one taken in 1998, which according to the article, it was posted on a JPL website where it was revealed as a natural landform. But skeptics again were skeptic as always, and said that since it was taken during the winter, which is a cloudy time on Mars, that the alien markings of the Face were hidden by haze. My reponse to this is, if there were alien markings, why couldn't you make a brief outline of them in the picture from 1976? And how do you know for sure that there are any alien markings? Many questions arose and taken pictures of the Face became a priority.

3 years later, on April 8, 2001, another picture of the Face was taken. This one was much clearer than the one in 1998 due to there being no clouds. According to the article, the pxiel size in the image was 1.56 meters, and as rule of thumb, if there were any alien markings or another of that sort, they would've been able to be seen in the picture because of the pixels. So the "Face on Mars" was got rid of its skeptics and now many scientists say it is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa. According to the article, Garvin says it remind him of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, because it is about the same height of the "Face on Mars".

So in conclusion, the "Face on Mars" is a mesa plain and simple, and the main reasons are because of the pictures, and overall the really big reason many mesas are common around Cydonia, which is where the Face is located. Another reason why I don't think that you should believe that it is an alien artifact is, there is so much evidence to why it isn't whenever people just pointed out obvious things in the picture, like clouds of haze covered "markings" in the

1998 picture but there weren't ever markings on the mesa as revealed in the next picture taken in 2001. So to end this essay, the "Face on Mars" is a mesa, not an alien artifact as many skeptics believe.               