As technology advances, people become notorious for using their electronics in inappropriate situations. Teenagers in present day commonly text at the dinner table, while crossing a street, and even while driving. Not only do teenagers text, their parents do, as well. Texting is a frequent fad among the young adults, it also a convenient method for parents to keep in contact with their children. People nowadays have to be in contact with friends and family at every moment of the day especially while driving it is the equivalent of driving under the influence, using hand-held devices (like Bluetooth) will decrease the number of accidents caused by phones,

and studies show texting reduces a persons reaction time.

One simulation showed talking on a cell phone is much more dangerous than talking to a passenger,the study concluded this because a passenger can take an active role in making the driver attentive of traffic and of course facilitate with directions. Recently, in Columbus, Ohio, a news report reported that the State Highway Patrol logged fifty more fatalities than in the same period for the prior year. The Highway Patrol noted that nineteen fatalities were the result of distracted driving.

Family's going on vacations, and many other people that share the roads. Everyone just wants to get to their location safely, but sadly, this always doesn't happen. Each year thousands of Americans are killed due to distracted driving, even more are injured. It's a dangerous problem that is getting larger by the day. One type of distracted driving that is more prevalent is talking on the cell phone. Everyone is affected by this k drivers; family's going on vacations, and many other people that share the roads. Everyone just wants to get to their location safely, but sadly, this always doesn't happen. Each year thousands of Americans are killed due to distracted driving, even more are injured. It's a dangerous problem that is getting larger by the day. One type of distracted driving that is more prevalent is talking on the cell phone. Everyone is affected by this.              