With the advancement technology, it continues to integrate itself into more things such as sports, transportation, education. Now schools slowly turn what was once the physical classroom into a digital one, in attempt to keep up with the rapid advancements in more user-friendly tech. With the internet and smartphones being present for several years now it's only natural that it has become ubiquitous in our society, and now schools see that as a pathway to drastically change education. By transforming it into a digital classroom to eliminate the use of papers, better organization, easier access for students and teachers, as well increasing productivity from home. However students would not benefit from online distance learning because face to face learning is more effective, it would prevent any student and/ or teacher collaboration, and it would allow for more procrasitnation among the students.

Face to face and hands on learning has been the backbone of education for decades, the notion that students are subject to learning first hand and can interact with the various resources at schools. For example the plethora of teachers, counselors, and coaches that are experienced in informing others in their profession. The same can't be said for online learning; there is a barrier or disconnection between a laptop screen. This way of education prevents any meaningful collaboration among peers.

Group projects or work is a common tool exercised by teachers to promote collabortation, teamwork, and a better product from that work as a result. Social interaction and the growth of social skills through that is an essential part of human nature. Most if not all social growth during adolescence comes from school; all the friends, experiences, and stories from school would not exist with online learning. A major part of the school experience is having a good time with friends and all, and it's important too, because without it comes low morale and motivation to do anything productive. The bane of all productivity comes from prioities.

Priorities or how it's more commonly known, procrastination, can have such a major impact on a person's daily life that it's a plague. Procrastination stems from the way one views their priorities and the oppourtunity costs of choosing to do one thing over another. In the case for most teenagers, they would much rather hang out with friends or party rather than do homework given the choice. It's most prominent at someone's home rather than school or a work-like enviornment, because a home is designed to be comfortable and adapted towards your interests. So more often than not people, especially teenagers, become distracted at home to commit to their hobbies rather than school work through a laptop. Another thing is that a school-issued laptop is basically an invitation to stay off-task.

On paper, online learning seems like a great way to elevate the learning process, but instead it elimates many of the great aspects of established education. So much so that it wouldn't benefit the students that do decide to apply for online learning. because it doesn't allow for first hand interaction with school resources, collaboration and social interaction with others that is a pillar for social growth, and the negative impact of procrastination that comes with it. While technology continues to advance it's not surprising that certain aspects of society will morph into something new, somethings are better left unchanged. 