The author shows a lot of support for the idea that studying Venus is a worthy persuit despite the dangers in a multitude of ways some of which include interesting facts, to ways how it could be done. He even tells us in the first paragraph saying "it has proved a very challanging place to examine more closely." so it is not very easy to do but it is possibe.

The author even talks about how humans have already sent numerous space craft to venus in paragraph two "Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." and just a sentence after that it tells us "numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challanging planet for humans to study, despite its proxmity to us." so the author tells that us despite the issue of how dangerous it is to land there, it still tells us as readers that we are still studying it despite how much of a challange it is, and just because we are close to it doesn't make it any easier to study.

In paragraph four he starts telling us why its worthy, despite how hard it is to study by saying "astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like plane in our solar system." and then continues on to say "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." so he is implying that benefits of studying Venus would be that we would be able to see if there were other life forms on the planet in the past, and that we would be able to find out what happened to the past earth like planet. The author also keeps telling us that Venus can be our nearest option for a planetary visit, so that it would be cheaper to get there and we could try to study it more without spending too much despite the dangers. Cheaper then its counterpart Mars at least. He even tells us of some ways that NASA has ideas for sending humans to Venus so that we would be able to study it without that much effort despite the dangers.

The author even supports his claim in paragraph eight by saying "Striving to meet the challange presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." by saying that he tells us some of the benefits like how studying the planet has value, but he also tells us that we will likely be studying other dangerous planets and that this is just one of the many we will be studying so doing this one is no different and that it would be well worth the challange, but also the insights we would earn from the planet itself. In the next sentence he tell us that "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." the author is telling us that we should not be scared of the dangers and doubts, but that we should improve upon ourselves and shove ourselves to the edge of imagination and innovation, despite the dangers and that it is well worth the risk.