Limiting car use to many people wouldn't sound like the greatest idea but however it can be very affective. In the article " In German Suburb, Life goes on without cars" it states that 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said heidrun walter, a media trainer and mother of two, as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles  and the chatter of wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor. Driving cars can cause many problems on the road or on the drivers life.

Not driving a vehicle can have many advantages, such as the driver having a less chance of getting injured on the road because of an accident. You never know if you are going to be safe while behind the wheel. You are always at risk while operating a vehicle. Also you can save money by not driving, you wouldnt have to spend money on a car and also not pay for gas and maitenence of the vehicle. In Paris they had to enforce a partial driving ban so that they could clear the air of the global city. This shows that so much carbon dioxide is let out into the atmosphere. Motorized vehicles destroy our air, all pollution of smoke and buring fuels dirtys the air.

In bogota, Columbia , an event took place to help cleanse the air in columbia. Two Colombian cities, Cali and Valledupar, joined the event for the first time. "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," said a buisnessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife. A study found that the driving of young age people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009. Younger people may be getting more atheltic and excersising by running or riding a bike.

In conclusion, limiting car usage could be a good thing and help our world. People can save more money, less lives would be at risk and there would be less pollution. I personally think riding a bike to places is fine. People can begin to be getting more fit and healthier by walking, running or riding a bicycle to there destinations. But if where they want to go is to far they can always take a taxi.    