Dear Senator,

The electoral college is a process that the founding fathers extablished as a compromise between the election of the President by a vote in Congress and popular vote of the people. This process involves selecting the electors, meeting with the electors, and counting the votes by congress. There are 538 electors total in the Electoral College. The presidential election happens every four years on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November. After the election the governor makes a "Certificate of Ascertainment" which has all the names of the candidates who ran for President. I believe we should keep the Electoral College because there is a certainty of outcome, it helps avoid run-off elections, and the electoral college helps balance out the smaller and bigger states with more people that vote.

The outcome of an Electoral College has a possibility of creating a dispute like in 2000, but this dispute is less likely to happen over a dispute over the popoular vote. This is because the winning candidates share of the Electoral College is greater than his share of the popular vote. Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote in comparison to the 51.3 percent of popular votes for him and Mitt Romney. Trans-regional appeal is required in the Electoral College. If we got rid of the Electoral College then there would be a greater possibility of dispute.

Furthermore, Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes while winning a majority in the Electoral College. This proves that the Electoral college avoids the problems of elections in which neither candidate receives a majority of the votes. When no candidate wins a majority the pressure complicates the presidential election process. The Electoral College minimized this pressure be invariably producing a clear winner every time. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President.

In addition, a large state gets more attention from candidates than a small sate in a campaign. As an example in 2012 Obama, got 29 electoral votes. In Wyoming the winner only had 2 electoral votes in the same marin as Obama. The Electoral College provides some kind of restoration for the weight in the political balance that large states lose by mal-apportionment of the Senate. Voters in toss-up states are more likely to read into and pay more attention to a campaign because they know they are going to decide the election. It is most likely that these people are going to the the most thoughtful voters.

To conclude, there are many reasons to keep the Electoral College. This process has made the winner of the election much clearer to decide. There are a lot of pros and cons to the Electoral College but the list of cons is way shorter than the list of all the pros to the Electoral College. We should keep the Electoral College because it creates a certainty of outcome, diminishes run-off elections, and creates a balance for the bigger states. The Electoral College has created a positive impact for our presidential election.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME                             