Many students and teachers think that taking online classes are bad for the students and the school. The reason is that the students might not take any notes on what the teacher is saying. The other reason is that students will often get distracted from the lecture the teacher is giving to them. Students cannot be benefited of taking online classes because students might not take notes and that the students might not pay attention to the teacher.

Students might not take notes while being on a class that is online. For example, at school, students take notes because they are being watched by the teacher, so why would they do it if they are not being watched by the teacher; the students would not care about the notes. If the teacher is on the screen, but cannot see if the student is taking notes; most likely there are not because the students won't worry that the teacher could check them. Students should take notes when they get information about a topic, so that topic could stay in the mind of the student if they write it and they also try understand the topic from the notes. Teacher's won't even know there students are taking notes because it's online they cannot see them. also the students might not be paying attention.

The students might not pay any attention to the lecture the teacher is giving to them. For example, when a student looks around the classroom, but not at the teacher, they will miss valuable information that is needed, so it's like the same when it comes to online classes; information will be missed by the students. Missing information when distracted is terrible because students might miss out on what is going on in the class, might miss on something on they have to do, and miss on how to do there work. Students should pay attention; no one likes to miss any key information; therefore, students need to look at the teacher to get more information as needed to do an assignment. When students don't take notes, they will not only miss out on some key information, but might panic on how to do a problem on the assignment they were given.

The students cannot benefit from taking online classes because the students might not write valuable information in there notes and they might not pay attention to lecture that teacher is giving to them. The students won't take any notes because no one is watching them take the notes as the teacher goes on lecturing. The students could miss valuable information because they are not paying attention to the teacher, and the students might miss on how to do something in a assignment. From not taking notes to note paying attention is the reason why there cannot be students taking online classes because teachers might not know what the students are doing and students might not even care about all of this.