We have been using cell phones on a daily basis that we've gotten used to it, but people think they will be able to drive normally even if they are using their phone. Well, they are wrong, using phones while driving lead too many people in car accidents, killing other people, and you'll be fined much money, even if you don't crash or anything like that. People shouldn't be allowed to drive and use their phone for theirs and others safety.

While many people think using their phone while driving isn't hard, but there have been tons of accidents because of people using their phones while driving. "In 2015, there were 3,477 people killed and an estimated additional 391,000 injured in crashes involving distracted drivers." This shows that car accidents are now a more commonly known way people die. Usually, a car accident only involves 3 or 4 people are involved so if the number of killed and injured are so high then that shows that the number of car accidents is also high. That shows that people can't be on their phones and driving.

Driving and usage of phones do cause accidents; it could also cause the driver to run over people. "A staggering 37,461 people were killed on US roads in 2016, an increase of 5.6 percent from the previous year, according to just-released statistics from the US National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration." All of these accidents have occurred ever since phones came out and that's because we all think we are able to multitask. When it comes to driving we need all of our attention on it and not anywhere else because then we don't see people crossing the road. All these deaths are being cause by the fact that we can't leave our phones until we get to our destination.

After many years of distracted driving the US is finally doing something about it, they instated a law that if you are caught using your phone or it's just in your lap you'll be fined. "Motorists operating commercial vehicles who violated the distracted driving law are subject to a civil penalty of up to $2,750." That may seem too much money for a small thing, but it could save many lives including your own. Using your phone won't only get you fined, it'll also get your license suspended, which you won't be getting back for a long time. With just one time using your phone while driving will take your money, which you worked hard to get.

In conclusion, people should learn that using their phone while driving will only lead to bad things. Even if it's the first time you've used your phone while driving, you'll get the same consequences as if it was done in the past.

"Learn the Facts About Distracted Driving." End Distracted Driving, 2018, www. enddd. org/the-facts-about-distracted-driving/?gclid=CjwKCAjwwdTbBRAIEiwAYQf_EzWWnN6-Ec-PhUBOSQgp3xaMS-Ja5QQVSn_1UkyzykY24otAZriJ4BoCFIEQAvD_BwE.

Hawkins, Andrew J. "A Lot of People Died on US Roads in 2016, but Distracted Driving Is Down." The Verge, The Verge, 6 Oct. 2017, www. theverge. com/2017/10/6/16438444/traffic-fatalities-crash-statistics-us-2016.

Nolo. "Georgia's Cellphone-Use & Texting-While-Driving Laws." Www. drivinglaws. org, Nolo, 6 July 2018, www. drivinglaws. org/georgia. php.         