I don't agree with the principal on this decision to force students to take an extracurricular activity because it isn't a good decision. Making students have to take an extracurricular activity isn't fair, and they could have other things they need or want to do besides taking an extracurricular activity. Teachers also have things they need or want to do after school but it wouldn't be fair that they have to cancel it because of having to watch the students after school in their activities. The hallways and classrooms would also be crowded with all the students having to stay after school for an extracurricular activity. With all the students in school longer the custodians would have to clean up messes the students make after school and that wouldn't be fair for them. This decision by the principal would be bad for most people in school, which is why I don't agree with it.

I mean, I can see that there are some positive things about this decision of taking an after school activity everyday like meeting new people or learning something new, but there are a lot more negatives I see from this decision than positives. One big reason I wouldn't agree with this is because students have lots of better things to be doing other than taking an extracurricular activity. Students have things they want to do when they leave school, but I don't think they would appreciate that they have to skip it because of a extracurricular activity they don't want to do. A student might also have an emergency somewhere else that they have to go to, but they can't get there because of the activity. Most students also have to do lots of homework when they get home, but they'll have to wait for the activity to end until they can even start it.

Another reason I don't agree with this decision is because there are lots of questions that make this a bad decision. One question about this decision that I have is "how will students get home from that activity?" because buses only come on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, so unless the the student finds a ride home or finds some other way to get home on Tuesdays and Fridays, they're stuck in school until they do. The teachers also would have to stay after school everyday to watch the students, so "would the teachers get payed for being at school longer to monitor the students?". Another question I'd ask about this decision is "how much money will it cost to buy snacks everyday for all the students being forced to go to clubs everyday?" because the cost of the snacks everyday for a lot of students sounds like it isn't cheap. One last question I'd ask is would "extracurricular activities count as a class?" because if you missed the extracurricular activity, would you have to remake what you missed if you were absent like a class? The fact that none of these questions have answers to them makes this decision very worrisome.

One last reason why I don't agree with this is because I honestly think that extracurricular activities are a waste of time and most things done in extracurricular activities can be done at home. I've went to some clubs in my time in 8th grade, but it seemed like a huge waste of time honestly. By the time the clubs start most people would be home by now so you could've just went home instead of waiting for the club to start. Waiting for the bus when leaving the club also takes a long time, and adding the time it takes up to wait for the club to start is about 30-45 minutes, which could've been used on more important things. One bag of chips or some other snack also was barely anything for me because lunch was 3-4 hours ago, and I'm hungry for a meal, not some small snack. What also made me disappointed was that the clubs aren't even that long, and the only thing that made them long was waiting for the club to start and waiting for the buses to arrive so we could leave. The only clubs I really see benefits from are things like workout club or computer refurbishing but those take a lot of effort and aren't really that enjoyable. Overall, a club isn't so great and lots of time is wasted from clubs, so I don't think that the principal should make the decision for it to be required to take one everyday.

In conclusion, I don't agree with this decision, but there are lots things that could be improved from this decision to make it better for everyone, like making more variety of clubs so that there isn't a little selection of after school clubs would be a good idea. Another good suggestion would be to make a good reason why they should join and make it it more enjoyable, so they want to join instead of making them forced to join. Although if a student doesn't want to participate in an after school club, then the principal shouldn't force them to do it. There are many more good suggestions but overall, I hope that this convinced the principal to not make this decision, and if he/she does make the decision, then at least improve it with some of my negatives about clubs and fix them.