Do you know why people hold polls on the internet ? So many people can't decide on what they should do, so they seek other peoples opinions . With the internet it's even easier to seek other peoples opinions and not just your friends opinions through straw polls or discussion threads on the internet to help form their own opinion or make better choices. By seeking multiple opinions can help people make better choices because it gives you a wide rang of opinions to help make a better decision and it also allows you to form a truly unbiased opinion.

Seeking multiple opinions can give you a wide range of opinions to help make a good decision. A person on the internet wanted to add in a Sans joke into their video so, they held a twitter poll to so that person could know if they should add it in or not. Many people had participated in the poll and since so many people had participated the person had a wide range of opinions to read and make a better choice. I was having a similar problem, I owned a Nintendo Switch and I only had Super Smash Brothers Ultimate. My birthday was coming up soon so, I had started asking people what game should I get for my birthday. I had asked about ten people on what they thought I should get. I had thought about what they said about what game I should get and because I was seeking multiple opinions I was able to make a good decision.

By seeking multiple multiple opinions you can form an unbiased opinion. With so many biased people these days it's hard to find a unbiased opinion. By holding straw polls on the internet you can get multiple opinions from people all over the world with different backgrounds, interest, and upbringings. If someone wanted to know if apples are better than oranges then they could hold a straw poll on many sites and have people explain why they think that one fruit is better than the other. By getting more than one opinion the data that you collected can give you a far more accurate reading on what people think is better. Allowing the person who held the poll to form an unbiased and accurate opinion.

By seeking multiple opinions can help people make better choices because it gives you a wide range of opinions to help make a better decision and it also allows you to form a truly unbiased opinion. Getting more than one or two opinions on a subject is important. If you don't know exactly whats good or bad then getting multiple opinions can help form your opinion or decision.                  