How seeking multiple opinions can help make the better decisions

Have you ever seeked advice to decide something important to you? Have you ever asked only one person or multiple people? How can seeking for multiple peoples advice make you decide an important decision? Well, I'm here to fufill you with all of these answers. Yes, it is hard to make a very important decision, it also can be stressing, but would it help to ask advice to more than just one person?

The answer is yes, when your trying to find an answer to a decision your about to make, it's better if you ask advice to more than just one person. But why? Because, you can find better advice to your desicion if you ask multiple people instead of one. For example, a few years back my mom asked me, "Generic_Name, would you like to go to visit your grandparents this summer." In my head I thought, I could either stay here with my friends to enjoy the summer with them, or I could visit my grandparents for the first time in years, since they lived all the way in another country. So I went to my friend for advice, she said, "oh come on Generic_Name we will have such a good time if you stay, plus, couldn't you just go next summer?"

Then I thought to myself, I could always go next time, but I still went to my trusted brother, Generic_Name, for advice. As soon as I told him about the desicion I had to make, he told me, "Generic_Name, you can always hang out with your friends in the summer, but you can only see grandparents once every 2 years, don't think it would be better, well since they are getting old, to see grandparents this summer?" What he said really made me think about the desicions I was going to make, I learned so much that day. I learned, I had to spent as much time as I possibly can with them, mostly because I can barely see them, and I think I should treasure the moments I still have with them. But that also teaches me that, you should always seek more than one persons advice because, another person could have more knowlodge about the decision your about to make.

They also could be more helpful about it, or some maybe could have gone through the same thing before. Sure, someones advice can be somewhat helpful, but I feel like if you ask multiple people, it can turn your whole aspect about the problem around. But after telling you all of this, I hope it changed yuor way of thinking, now let me ask you a question. Just imagine you need to make a life changing decision in just a matter of time, would you ask one person for their advice, or would you ask multiple people for their advice? Just ask that to yourself, what would the answer be?

Hopefully, it would be to ask multiple people knowing they could be more knowlodge-able than others. But it's okay if you choosed to only ask for one persons advice, sometimes people only count on one specific person for advice, but hear me out. Decisions are made everyday by so many people, some are easier than others, and some are harder than others. But think of it this way, wouldn't be easier if you had help from multiple people, instead of just one? It would be easier, wouldn't it. Heres why, people need help from others if they are going to make the better desicion, you can never just count on one opinion, when you could have many more.

You could ask advice to your family, friends, siblings, or even trusted adults at school, because I'm pretty sure they would be glad to help you the best way they can. You can always count on more than one person to make a decision even if it's a hard one, but the more advice you recieve the better you are at making that decision. Decisions are very hard to make, but it will be easier if you ask more than one person for their opinions on it, they could be more helpful than another, or they could be more expierenced than another. So therefore, it's always better to seek more than one persons advice, than to only seek for only one specific persons advice because, it will help you make the better decisions.  