Dear Mr. Senator,

The way the voting is now in the United States needs to be changed. It should change from Electoral College to popular vote. The voting system is an all or nothing system which means lots of peoples votes would not count for the president they want. If the voting system changes the president would actually be picked by the people and not by a group of people who won the popular vote.

The electoral college is unfair to many people because their vote goes to waste if the other slate of electors won. In Source 2 it says "On the off-chance that those electors win the statewide election, they would go to Congress and... would get... electoral votes." That is saying that part of the votes would not count because the other group won and not the one they wanted to win. So then the president will get a certain number of electoral votes based on the population of that state. Some people feel like their votes are not needed as much because if the majority of that state chose the other candidate.

The electoral college is a good idea, but people can betray the trust of others. In Source 3 it says "...each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee..." That means the voters have the ability to vote for the other candidate. If someone decides to vote for the other candidate then some peoples votes will have been for nothing. If we had the popular vote voting system then everyones vote would go to the specific candidate, and people would not have to hope the person they slate they pick has everyone pick the candidate they were trusted to vote for.

In the end the voting system of the United States is built on trust. If we have the popular vote voting system everyones vote would go to the candidate that wanted it to go to and not have their vote be wasted on a slate that may or may not win. With the popular voting system the president would win on popular vote and not electoral vote; therefore, the president could not cheat his way to power by targeting big states.    