The Electoral College is a process made by the founding fathers for the election of presidents by the Congress's vote. The Electoral College is a process, but it is an unfair process. Americans are supposed to vote for who they desire to be president, not a group of electors in Congress. There is no possible way for Americans to choose their president if at the end of it all, a group of electors make the final choice. According to the Office of the Federal Register, Americans choose the state electors when voting for President because when voting for president, Americans are actually voting for the candidate's electors. It makes no sense then to vote for a president, let's just make it to where we vote for electors because we obviously aren't voting for who we want as president.

The main purpose of voting is to help the candidate American voters want as president to win the election. If popular vote was the way to determine who would be elected as President, everybody would be happy. There are times in an election when everybody is sure that the candidate they voted for is going to win. Americans watch as they see the votes go up by popular vote, but then later, the candidate they thought would win has lost because of the Electoral College. If popular vote was the way Presidents were elected, everything would be made easier without controversy. However, since the Electoral College does play a big role in the election of presidents, popular vote is never going to be a working system. Americans just need to figure out that their vote is never going to really count, but the Electoral College's vote surely will.

In an article by Bradford Plumer, the fact that over sixty percent of voters would prefer a direct election than how we vote now is stated. The Electoral College System is based on Americans voting for the electors that are the candidate's party. When Americans go to vote, they vote for electors who support the President and then the electors choose the president. When Americans go to vote, the banners should just say Vote For Electors. When Americans vote, it is made to seem as they are voting directly for the President they want to be elected. Instead, Americans are actually voting for electors. Multiple times you'll hear the saying, "Every vote counts." but really, every vote does not count. No matter how many times Americans vote for their President, the Electoral College has the final say no matter what American's votes are.

The major problem that worries many, is the problem of a tie in the electoral vote. During an election when a tie occurs, the state delegations vote for who will be president. According to the article The Indefensible Electoral College by Bradford Plumer, each state is able to cast one vote and the one single state representative makes the decision for the state. If the point of an election is for the people to vote and choose, there shouldn't even be a option for the one representative to choose. All the votes that were just cast by Americans all go down the drain now. In the case of a tie, all the power and weight goes to the one state representative to choose who becomes the president. The represtative does not care about what the people want, that representative will choose what they want to do with this election. According to Bradford Plummer, during the 2000 campaign, Rhode Island, South Carolina and fifteen other states did not even get to view media markets or campaigns and did not even get to see the candidates. Those states howeve still voted, not knowing anything about these candidates because overall the Electoral College makes the last call.

The Electoral College is an unfair process that also plays a big role in elections. No matter how Americans vote, the Electoral College is going to be the people who elect the president. Americans vote for who they want as their president but the Electoral College simply makes that decision for you. Americans shouldn't even vote, the Electoral College can make that decision. Many people in America simply want the popular vote than to have the process of Electoral College in place. We should all take a vote to abolish the Electoral College. But wait, the Electoral College might say no since they always make the overall decision.            