Phones and Driving

Everyday people die in car accidents because they use their cell phones while driving. Cell phones have become a daily use in our lives. People shouldn't be able to use their cell phones while driving. Driving while on your cell phone is dangerous and can cause a car crash, you to become distracted, and cause you to get a ticket.

Most car accidents are cause by drivers being on their phones. People are so focus on checking their message and texting that it causes them to lose focus and loose control of their car. Studies show that texting while driving obscures your vision. Using your cell phones in the car, whether its texting or talking on the phone, it leaves you with one less hand and can cause you your life. Banning cell phones while driving is a good solution and will reduced the number of car accidents.

Cell phones are distracting devices. If you are driving and your cell phone get a text notification, and it is distracting you, you are basically driving drunk. Your reactions are way slower than normal, and you are inattentive towards the road. Many teens and young adults are involved in wrecks because of their cell phones. Driving while distracted is a factor in 25% of police reported crashes. People are not aware when contact anything affects their ability to concentrate.

The use of your cell phones while driving can cause you a ticket. If you are on the phone while driving and you get stop by a police officer, you are most likely to get a ticket. In Georgia, there is a hands-free law which bans people from being on their cell phones while driving. No one wants to get a ticket for being on their phone, it will cause them money that they have to spend to pay the ticket. It's just safer to driving without any distraction.

To sum it up, people shouldn't be able to use their cell phones while driving. It is very dangerous to do so. It can cause people to get into car accidents, become distracted, and to get a ticket. The way to go about putting a stop to people driving while on their phones is to make a law banning the use of cell phones while driving in all the states in the US.   