To my principle,

Community service is a lot of hard work and does take up peoples time, but I feel that it needs to be done. There are people everyday starving, wondering when they are going to get their next meal. These people probably didn't graduate from high school and most likely if they did, they didn't have enough support or success while in school. If nobody ever volunteers to community service, then who is there to help take on those tasks. Suppose that you're one of those people who dropped out of high school and ran away from home. You probably wouldn't be a good situation, but wouldn't you want the more fortunate people to lend you their hand? If no one requires students to take on the community service's challenges, then some of it wouldn't get done. These people need help, they are in conditions not only bad for their body, but mentally these people are crushed. All that needs to be done by each student is at least an hour of service once a week. I greatly enjoyed helping people as much as I can, and to see people in desperate need of clothes breaks my heart. I bet every student in your school could go through their closet and pick out 5 things they never wear. Think about if there is 500 students in your school and each student has 5 things how many homeless or needy people would now have clothing they could wear. I don't feel human without multiple and clean clothes. The people we're talking about probably haven't changed their attire in several weeks or months. They need help like us. We are spoiled and have tons of items that could help them out. Even you rounding up clothes and giving them to the homeless shelter is community service. One hour out of your day every week could improve this world a lot. See if your town has a place where you can give out food to the needy. I promise you that one person will come in that really needs your help, and they will touch your heart. The people we are talking about messed up in life, most people do, but now since they have nowhere to turn they need you to pick their life back up and try to start something new. Needy people would be happy if you split a piece of gum in thirds with them, while we are greedy and want the whole thing for ourselves. It's the small things in life you can do that will go a long way in someone else's. Community service isn't just about the homeless and less fortunate people. Community service can be from donating money to fundraiser's or to going out to your towns animal shelter and adopting an animal from there. The work you do during community service may not be too fun, but afterwards you get this good tingling feeling. You feel like your actions and what you do can reflect this world. Along with your feelings, imagine how much warmth the other people that you're helping feel. They probably will grin as bright as a light bulb, and just that alone should help and give reasons to why I think students should be required to community service programs. Just a little from a lot of people can truly go a long way in other people's lives.

By: STUDENT_NAME