Have you ever forgotten to do your homework because of distractions at home? These same distractions apply to online classes. If students attended classes online, it would not be beneficial because it is difficult to focus, it is difficult to afford, and it will make you dependent.

Taking classes at home is very distracting. Everybody has distractions at home, whether it is electronics, family or your pets. Electronics are distracting to students in many ways, for instance: your phone is a great example because it can be used to communicate with anybody. It can also be used as a gaming device which can be pretty addicting to some people. Family is distracting to students also. Many students in high school have a younger sibling who can be very distracting because they require so much attention. Some students may have a bad relationship with their family. This can lead to stress and anxiety which will make it hard to work at home. Pets can be distracting for example: if you are a student taking an online course and your dog needs to be walked, this will take away valuable learning time that you most likely paid for. This leads to my next topic which is money.

Students who are less fortunate can not attend these classes. Online courses usually cost money to maintain. These courses can be very expensive and students who are less fortunate would not be able to afford to take a class. Students should not have to sacrifice their own education due to low income. Schools can provide students with laptops but they can not provide students with internet. Although it may be easier to work on a computer, many students can not afford them. Laptops can be easy to lose or to have stolen and are very expensive to replace. Schools should keep teaching on paper because it is affordable.

It will make you dependent on electronics in the future. Students who grow up using a computer their whole life to learn will become dependent on it. A computer can teach you many things and can also do your work for you, but the best way to learn is to have a hands-on experience. The easiest way to figure out something you do not know is to search it up on Google. This will make learning much harder because you have a computer that can give the answers to you. Nothing teaches you better than your mistakes and you will not see advancement if you have something doing your work for you. These online courses take away the opportunity to work with others in person.

Schools should not introduce online courses because they can be distracting, expensive and dependent. As a student who has grown up in poverty I find online courses harmful to society. Schools should definitely use computers in school, but not out of school. 