There are many different ways students can acquire an education, whether it's through online school or physically commuting to a school facility on a daily basis. Attending a school campus has its own pros and cons. Some of the benefits a school campus might provide are school clubs, extracurricular activities, and a larger learning environment. Transportation,commuting to school early in the morning, and long tiring days are some of the cons. While some students might perceive online school programs as an easier alternative, attending a school campus can increase students' academic performance as a whole through interactions with others.

Commuting to school in often cases isn't what brings joy to students, yet relationships,friendships, and experiences gained throughout the years are what students value and appreciate. Attending school does not only guarantee students an education, but helps students enhance their public speaking and communication skills through projects,activities, and day to day interactions with other peers. Countless amount of school systems around the globe share a common goal, and that is building the right learning community for students to perform best. Most School facilities have a school library, often used by students as a quiet place to study and preform tasks. A well built school facility has basketball courts, soccer fields, and football fields for students to engage in sports programs and extracurricular activities; a characteristic a school facility might posses over an online school program. Peer reviewed studies have proven with confidence that playing sports has increased students academic performance, and an incline in the development of their cerebral cortex.

Online schools are the epitome of convenience and flexibility, students who would rather work from home would benefit a lot, yet they would be limited to the sources a public or private campus would Provide for students. A large factor to why students would want to study from home is the concept of comfortable learning. A characteristic an online student might have over a full time students is the ability to set their own schedule. Students who have to commute to school early in the morning can get annoyed. Another reason students would want to attend online classes would be the cost efficiency, due to online classes and books being much cheaper than schools. Online school students learn and develop numerous technical skills that could later on be used. Although online classes can become bewildering and stressful due to the compressed work load online students are given, students can graduate faster depending on how many courses they're enrolled in. Students who are enrolled in online classes have more time in the day to work a job or preform other tasks.

In conclusion, acquiring an education through online classes or commuting to a public or private facility is inevitable,yet each student has their own preference when it comes to school. Both fully enrolled and online students learn a certain set skills that strengthens their understanding of concepts and work ethic, one that will benefit them in the real world. I believe fully enrolled students have more sources to use to reach their peak learning capabilities, but everyone perceives subjects through their own lens. 