Projects of any kind are often dreaded by most students, especially summer projects. Since some schools require these projects, the least they can do is make them student-designed. While there is less of a chance of the project being innapropriate or something easily put together last minute if it is teacher designed, it takes away so much of the students creative freedom. Summer projects should be student-designed because it allows them to do their project on something they are passionate about, they are given more creative freedom, and their classmates can learn new things instead of everyone doing their project on the same topic.

With the load of school, extracurriculars, and homework students do not have nearly enough time to do things they are passionate about. Allowing students to pick their own summer project would give them the opportunity to learn more about something they love and get a grade on it. Additionally, if the project is about something that a student does not feel any sort of emotion towards, chances are, the student will not take as much time making it a great project because they do not care about the subject.

When a student completes a project outside of school it could be a variety of things. It could be a painting, a clay pot, or even a table. All of those things require the student to be creative and make it their own. School projects should somewhat resemble these projects. Students should at the very least be given a chance to use their own creative skills to make the project their own, instead of them being given a list of things to include in a powerpoint. If the students' were allowed to pick their own summer projects they would have so much creative freedom to really do the best they could on their project and make it something they are proud of.

Say there are around thirty kids in a class, and every kid has to present a project on the same topic. That is the same information rephrased thirty times, and that is over three class periods of sitting through essentially the same project thirty times. That is not something students would enjoy, and it is difficult to image that teachers enjoy sittting through all of those projects. Although, if every student in that class is allowed to pick their own topic that is thirty new topics that students in that class could learn about. Some of those topics might even peak other students' interests and they might try something new.

In summary, summer projects should be student-designed because they can do a project on something they are passionate about, they are given more creative freedom, and their classmates can learn something new. These projects need to be student-designed or they will continue to be insufferable projects to do and sit through that are dreaded and procrastinated throughout the entire summer.