The so called " Face'' on mars is just a landform that looks like a face. I know this because there are no such thing as aliens, if aliens did exist we would have seen them and known by now, and lastly I know that I is just a landform because it looks like a coincidental landform that looks like an alien.

The first reason that I know it is a landform and not an alien is because aliens do not exist. They are some made up characters found in science fiction books and movies, just like monsters, witches, and ghosts. There has never been actual scientific evidence that proved any of those things to be real. Many crazy people think that they have encountered ghost sightings and other things like demons, zombies, or even something as dumb as slenderman. These things are all fantasies that they make up in their heads and then try to get other foolish people to believe them.

The second reason that I know that it is not an alien is that if aliens and monsters really did exist we would have all known by know. If they were anything like what they are in movies we would all be dead or abducted. In movies people see UFO's and they suddenly are sucked up into a portal and abducted by aliens and used as slaves. If they existed you would think that many people would probably have gone missing after "UFO" sightings. Like I said before it is just a bunch of nonsence that people have made up in their head and aren't smart enough to know that it isn't true.

My last reason that I know it isn't an alien is because I know that landforms can often look like things that they really aren't. For example at my uncles house they have a big rock in their back yard that looks a lot like a ground hog. I know that it is not a ground hog, but if I was like the people that thought it was an alien I could make up a bizare story about how in ancient times the ground hog got cursed and then was turned into a rock because the king demanded it to.

See? It just doesn't make much sence.

Sure, the landform looks somewhat like a face in the 1976 picture, but so did the rock in my uncle's back yard. All the thoughts of it being an alien is so made up in their heads. The NASA crew said, "Nasa's Viking 1 spacecraft was circling the planet, snapping photos of possible landing sites for its sister ship Viking 2, when when it spotted the shadowy likeness of a human face. An enormous heaad nearly two miles for end to end seemed to be staring at the cameras from a region of the Red Planet called Cydonia. First off, the aliens in sci-fi movies aren't nearly two miles long, not even close to that. Secondly where it says that the head seemed to be staring up at them, obviously if you are above it and it's a 2d or 3d shape it's going to appear to be looking at you!

In conclusion there is no way that the so called face on mars is an alien. It's not an alien because aliens don't exist, we would have known by now it aliens really existed, and some landforms are shaped like odd things. Like I said earlier, if aliens really existed we would have encountered them before and seen UFO's that would try to abduct us. This is why there are no such things as aliens, which means the face on mars is just a landform that just so happens to look like a face. 