Dear Principal,

I have heard that you are considering not allowing students on an athletic team participate if they have lower than a B. That is a horrible idea. The school budget is being voted down time after time and you are considering taking hundreds of dollars out of the schools biggest source of income? Money is not the only problem either.

When kids who care more about athletics than education have to keep their grades up they do try harder, that is true. But you can't expect these students to get nothing lower than a B. When these kids are kicked off the team for getting an above average grade they will give up on academics because they feel that they're hardest isn't good enough. If they had to get a C or above that would make more sense but to ask for all of these kids to get into honors while still participating in after school sports is absurd. Not only will this hurt the schools grade average, but it will hurt the schools wallet!

For some sports teams you have to pay over one hundred dollars. If you threaten to kick kids off the team if they don't get a grade that would be extremely hard to obtain, they won't pay hundreds of dollars if they even think there is a possibility of being kicked off the team before they have played a lot than they won't pay! It would make more sense to put a slightly lower grade that they have to meet because than the kids will see they have a bigger chance of reaching that goal. You are on the right track but don't go overboard!

A problem that seems to be making a lot of headlines these days is out of shape kids. If we want to have any positive effect on this problem, don't take the one thing standing in the way of kids becoming unhealthy away. RELATIVE_NAME, a doctor at the department of student welfare, had a comment to add," Kids who don't play sports don't exercise. That is being proven more and more as kids begin to think it is more fun to stay inside than to play outside." To keep kids healthy you must preserve sports, the only thing motivating the, to stay active.

Grades will go down, students will become unhealthy, and the school will lose money. All of these will be the result of making sports harder to stay on. Don't make a healthy, intelligent school a failure because of a bad decision!

From,

STUDENT_NAME