There are many people using cell phones in class and in the halls. Using phones in class is wrong because you are disrespectful to the teacher and to other students. It can be distracting to other students but it also shows that you don't care about the class. students should be allowed to have cell phones in school because if there is an emergency, and maybe you cant get to any teachers, you can call a fellow student or your parents to get help. You also should have the freedom to use cell phones in your free time, because it is your free time, you can do anything you want with the time you have.

Phones should be turned off in class, and if you are caught with one, you should be punished by taking the phones away until the end of the day. Kids should know that there should not be any phones in class. If you are a small child and you have recess, you have the freedom to use that as a time to socialize and get phone numbers or play games on the phone. It's your time and you should use it any way you want to use it. Free time is a time to relax and get away from all the hard work put into school work. If you like to have fun with your phone, you are allowed to have fun, everybody wants to have fun. But kids and even adults need to know when it is time to be serious and be focused. There are specific times that you can use your phone. There are also specific places where you can use the phones. You shouldn't be able to use phones in classes, libraries or offices. They can be distracting to other people. You should be allowed to have it in the locker room or outside. You should be able to use it during lunch, free time or getting ready for sports. you shouldn't be able to use it in study hall time, class time, or playing sports.

There should be some rules against using cell phones. You should ban cell phones if a student uses it too much at a bad time, like in class. If you are addicted to playing a game, and you play in class, out of class and on buses. The student should not be allowed to bring it to school, because the student could be using it at any time. There should be consequences if you get caught. you can use your cell phone at the right time and the wrong time. But you might have to take the responsibility for your actions. People should think about getting good grades instead of good connections. The students in our school should think about how much time they spend texting instead of thinking. It could effect the future of our school.