Is the cost to potentially end a life in a matter of seconds and cause collision in exchange to glance at your mobile smartphone worth the risk. Is it really worth causing harm to yourself and others to check if your smartphone received a notification. Do not risk the lives and safety of other people on the road because you're preoccupied with irrelevant phone use.

Issues such as accidents , deaths, tickets, etc can be avoided if the owner of the mobile device does not allow distraction by the device overcome them. Most drivers who usually drive while using their phone take matters such as the effects very lightly and not serious enough. They do not understand the consequences and the permanent changes when it comes to the controversy. Many drivers claim that there are no bad results or claim that all the fuss is unnecessary and exaggerated. What they do not comprehend is in a matter of seconds everything could be a blur and possibly be the end. When driving, the driver should take much precaution and take driving on the road very serious and not as a joking manner. Before even compulsing to use the mobile phone , think about who you as a driver could put in danger while on the road and think clearly while reflecting the consequences.

There are many forms to be away from the mobile device until the driver arrives at the destination to use the device once again. The driver must find strategies to help the bad habit end or find a way to resist the desire to obtain the device. Instead of having the compulsion to utilize the smartphone the driver can do many things to avoid causing accidents. For Example, if the driver has no need or hurry to arrive at the destination , what can be done is they can pull over on the side of the road or find a destination to park and have the liberty to use the cellular device.

Another useful strategy , could be to purchase a device that is Hands-Free Bluetooth Headset, which is a very effective technological device. By purchasing the device, it will reduce the constant movement to grab for the cellphone and revise it. The sole purpose of the device is to avoid the driver to grab the smartphone when there is an incoming phone call and occupy the device to make answering simpler. Also, causes no movement, only requires the driver to press a button and answer any incoming call without physically holding the phone, the device is only restricted to answer calls and listen to music.

There are certain states within the United states that yield the issue of obtaining a cellphone while driving. With having that issue and referring to fatal or minor accidents or issues relating to using cellphone causes the government to pass laws to better improve the issue. The cause to pass and enact the law over banning cellphone use while conducting a vehicle is from reports of fatal deaths, bodily injuries and many accidents have increased. There are some states that take note that majority of crashes or any incident involves the cellphone use. Despite efforts to control the use of cellphone calmly does not give any effect which leads to the enactment of the law. When using the cellular device comes a consequence to pay such as receiving tickets, fines and penalties will come along with not obeying the law. There will no longer be any tolerance of the mobile device use , if you are found at guilt , if the state you live in has passed a law over the driving no phone use.

One thing drivers will ignore and be naive to is the constant use of operating a vehicle with a cellphone in possession. It's unacceptable to be cause of a collision or even worse cause death to innocent driver due to the driver wanting to be on social media, talk on the phone,etc.

A driver can discover many useful methods to reduce the cellular use, such as using a Bluetooth Headset to answering or simply parking on the side of the road to attend the cellphone. Before causing harm put others people lives before the irrelevant technology that can be used later on. Take precaution, be aware of consequences and be reasonable if using the mobile device while driving which should only be used if there is an emergency or utilizing a Wireless device to answer phone calls.      