Many people from around the glode rely on their cars to get from place to place. Not driving cars have many disadvantages but they also can have many advantages too. limiting car usage can do much good to you and your community.

the passage ''In German Suburb, life goes on Without Cars'' In Vauban, Germany residents have given up their cars. a souce says ''when i had a car i was always tense, im much happier this way.'' One of the advantages of not owning a car in this community was the feeling of a more compact and accessiable way to public transportation. By not having cars if you were to walk down the street instead of hearing car motars distantly running, sources say they hear the sound of bikes and adults and even childrens chatter filling their ears. With not having cars it can make it so much easier to get social and connect with others in your area instead of being a hermit you can meet new people, make friends and even create plans which is a major benifit.

In ''Paris bands driving due to smog,'' Paris,Frace also had the same idea to get rid of cars to clear the air of their global city. This can help with allergies and getting sick which als can cause some to become less social towards others. This largely well know city's expectations where correct. Congestion went down 60% clearing the air for a better enviroment for residents. With the city having a lower air pollution and smog reduced, a benifit of not having a car is free public trasportation Monday-Friday. This saves tons of money that you could have used to pay for gas,car insurance,and any costly repairs or damage you might need to fund for.

The city Bogota, located in Columbia as well limited the usage of cars .In ''Car free Day is Spinning into a big hit in Bogota,'' Instead people biked,hiked,skated which makes you become more active,and residents took public buses as well; promoting alternitive transportation. This of course helped to reduce the smog and lowered the air pollution. Not having to worry about a car is also a benefit in which it reduces stress .Limiting car usage also cuts traffic making it quicker to get to your designated location safer which is more benificial.

The end of car culture also benifits implications for carbon emissions, again helping our living space. People feel more connceted with out driving to meet up with a group of friends because of the internet. saving time for the long boring drive,concerving resources, lowering emissions and improving safety are all so important to us now and later down the road if we limit our usage of cars.

Overall the advantages for limiting car usage are sky high and bring much good to our enviroment , community and personal health emotionally and physically along with finance too. This helps future generations also. The best thing to do is limit the use of cars for a happy and healthy lifestyle.    