Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Cell phone usage in school is a great idea, i think that you should only allow us to use our cell phones in certain areas such as the hallways, bathrooms, lunch, and free periods. Giving us the ability to use our cell phones in school gives us the freedom that we deserve as a teenager, and it is also a good start for us to learn how to do things on our own, and learning the consequences of different things because without the usage of freedom we feel as if we don't have the ability to do anything at all, and by using our phone in class will teach us to ignore the phone and pay more attention to the teacher. And the point of a cell phone is to have the chance to be able to talk to friends and stay in touch with our family members an also if there is an emergency as well. Say if we had a lockdown in our school because there was a robber in the school and our parents didn't know what is going on they would want us to call them or at least text them to tell them that we are okay and we are safe in a room.

The usages of cell phones in classes however would not be good. because kids can use them to cheat on tests with each other, text during class and not being able to pay attention to what is being taught. Overall i think that students should only be allowed to use cell phones during free periods and not academic classes because in certain classes we are there to learn and not to fool around and use our cell phones. Certain times during the day it should be okay to use a cell phone but some parts you also have to buckle down and do what you have to do in order to succeed in life!!

When kids think of using there cell phones in school and that they have the ability to use cell phones, everybody doesn't think of what could happen to them. They could get lost or break, Damaged, or even taken away. If i had the ability to use my cell phone in school i would be so happy and excited because now i am able to do anything with it without getting caught and having it taken away from me. But then again i would also have to think about all the risks of taking my cell phone to school as well. And i also have to watch where and what time i take it out because during my main classes i would either put it on vibrate or silent because i would want to have the ability to learn something and not be on my cell phone all the time like all the other kids would be doing .

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME