Dear Principal,

Honestly, what i truly think about serving community service .. is that i don't think they should make students do it for no special reason. Because i really think that students that don't do anything bad, should just serve detention during school or a punishment similar to that. But if the students are misbehaving and don't want to listen to what the teachers tell them ... then i do agree with you to make them have community service and be cleaning up liter. Many students decide to go to elementary classes to tutor little kids, which is a good community service.. better than picking up litter. But for example, last year i was in track, and the week before our 2nd track meet, they had warned the students to not bring any skinny jeans or blue jeans the next day but many decided to ignore their warning and their consequences were that they were going to have to pick up all the litter that the track runners would leave during that track meet. And an example just like that, i think its fair for you, as the principal, to decide as a good punishment for the students. But if i would be able to make rules with you.. i would make students that misbehave constantly, pick up litter after school and give them a certain amount of hours they should accomplish by doing community service. But to those students that just misbehave randomly, i would just make them serve detention after school and accomplish a certain amount of time that they have to serve. Also another rule would be best for you to do, is to take away sports, if any, that the student is performing. Many times students decide to get away with the community service and they just go to practice for their sport and think they could get away with the community service that the principal is demanding for that student to perform. But if the student doesn't have a sport to perform... the student wont be able to get away with community service either way. These are just a couple of examples that i would of liked to share. I hope you could agree with me and not make all students do community service.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME