My argument about Lukes point of view is that you should always try soething new or something you always wanted to do. In this story Luke is working at a store and his friend invited him to go on a cattle boat to Europe after World War 2. He knew this would be an opportunity of a lifetime. So he went.

You could see how he was feeling just by the way the author put it. He was exicited and he was ready. When Luke found out that he was to take care of horses, young cows, and mules he knew he would be good at it because he worked at his aunts farm. He thought this would be a good time to help out with this disaster. Luke went overseas just to do someting helpful for the problems people had. All the stuff people had were gone because of the World War 2.

He had some rough times on way, like running into storms, big waves and other stuff that happen in the ocean, but hey it was worth it. But some thingss got severe, when he broke his ribs during a storm. He took nine trips on the cattle boat. And this was big for him because he was a small - town boy. He also knew he was helping out thousands of people. Over seas, Luke was very busy with the animals. He had to feed them 2 to 3 times a day. Thats a lot of work for young boy.

Just by reading this article you can tell how much work you will have but your doing it for people who can't do this stuff. So what, it may be hard, it may be boring, but those people need your help. Thats why you should join the Seagoing Cowboys program. Luke was brave enough to do this kind of thing just because of 1 thing, he had faith in him, his best friend, and the people. Im pretty sure your going to have a warm welcoming home surprise waiting for you at your place. Im entirely sure that all of you want that surprise. Just join the Seagoing Cowboys program and your garenteed and fun active time with the people you are working with and the peoeple that need your help. So have the faith Luke had, and come on down and sign up for Seagoing Cowboys program. Hope to see you there cowboy.

Oh and one more thing, have some faith in yourself, it always turns out good. Just ask Luke Bomberger, he will tell you about all that happen just with a lot of faith and courage.