Commonly known as Earth's twin, Venus has many similarities to Earth but also many differences. For around 30 years, no spacecraft has been on the surface of Venus or even near the planet. Many conditions such as the atmosphere, the surface temperature, and the atmospheric pressure all contribute to why it seems that humans might never be able to live there. Along with weather such as earthquakes, volcanoes, and common lightning strikes, it seems to dangerous to be a safe place for humans to live. The dangers of this planet may hurt the case presented that Venus could be a possible place to live if we need to evacuate Earth.

Years ago, scientists believe that Venus was quite like Earth is today. It had many oceans and could support many forms of life, even though today Venus seems as if it is a dark, cold, and a dreadful planet. Though, today it still has some land forms that resemble Earth, such as valleys, mountains, and craters. It seems if there was ever a way to live there, it could resemble a home that we currently have on Earth.

Due to space travel being a good length of time, Venus is the closest planet we could escape to from Earth. There have been many spacecrafts that have been destined for Venus but have never got there, also they were no humans aboard. Once we can have a human sent to Venus it opens many doors for humans to inhabit Venus. NASA has a inticive idea for sending humans to study Venus, but it would be from a far, because of the weather, temperature and pressure from the atmosphere. But flying 30 miles in the air may not seem great conditions to live. It is shown that even though the living conditions might not be as great conditions as the ones we have on Earth, mankind would still be living and studying a planet from afar.

The author seems to show the dangers of space travel especially space travel to Venus. It seems to many people that we may never get a human near Venus. A spacecraft hasn't been able to survive a couple of hours into orbit, much less a manned spacecraft. The dangers of space may outweigh the dangers of staying on Earth. But any advancement of science will require risks, nothing can be achieved if there are no risks taken. Taking a chance and risking everything has to happen for the possibility of people living on Venus.

The health of our planet is deterorating, and it may be soon that we may not have a planet to live on, the exploration of planets especially Venus may be crucial for the survival of mankind. People are intimidated of the risks that come with explore outerspace, but we have to take risks in order to get a reward. Advancement of science and technology is crucial to the survival of humans and this Earth, hopefully we will never need to use Venus as a evacuation planet. As the author said in paragraph 8, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation".