Though the Facial Action Coding System (FACS) is very interesting to read about, I do not believe it should be present in the classroom. There are a few issues I believe could be argued against using this software in a classroom setting. The FACS should be developed more and put through serious testing before being put in the classromm setting, but there were several other valuable uses for the program. The problems with the system in a school setting are the complexity of the system, the possible issue of privacy, and the accuracy of its predictions.

The FACS is a great idea that could have many applications other than schooling and several of these are included in this article, but it is currently too complex for school networks to handle. The author states outright in paragraph seven, "Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile." The school computers that we use are even more out of date than the one I use at home and if it cannot run the system the school won't be able to without a major upgrade of technology or a major downgrade of the FACS, neither of which is desirable. The technology uprade needed for school computers would be too large of a bill to be practical in all but the richest of schools. The downgrade of the system to a simpler form will essentially defeat it's purpuse by killing its effectivity.

Another issue with the FACS in a school setting is privacy. How are we to be sure that they are not going to use our faces to gain access to things such as confiscated phones or to possibly find profiles online of students? Because this system requires a camera to see your face and put it through a detailed analysis, facial recognition security software like faceID on the Iphone X

then becomes a security concern. In paragraph six the author also mentions, "If you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different." This system in schools would essentially let the build a personal marketing profile on every student in the country.

The accuracy of the FACS would also have to be put through intense testing to determine how effective it actually is. Prof. Huang says,"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." If the system thinks that a student is confused when they actually aren't though, it could hurt their academic growth. It would be changing the material to a lower level in an attempt to interest them, but also at the same time lowering their understanding of the material.

In conclusion, I do not believe that this system would be as effective of a tool as it needs to be to offset the dangers it poses. The money needed for the complexity, the threats to privacy, and the questionable accuracy and adaptability of the system are too concerning to support the FACS as it now stands. If these concerns were addressed the possibly it could be an effective tool, but for the foreseeable future it is not.