Most citizens do not realize that even though it may be easier and does not require a large amount of energy to operate, cars pollute the air that we breathe and it becomes tainted. Citizens may have their own personal reasons why they ride bicycles, walk or take the bus. If everyone takes part in not driving a car, the society would dramatically improve. For one the amount of tracffic would decrease. The text states "congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France after five days of intensifying smog...". In other words this is saying that the fog was so intense that people driving were not able to operate their vehicles. Since no one was driving or on the road, traffic went down 60 percent due to the amount of smog. In addition to the amount of traffic being lowered, certain car lots would have an significant increase in business. Article two states "exceptions were made for plug-in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers". In other words car dealer ships their profits and their makings would sky rocket due to the increase of people purchasing this particular type of vehicles in an attempt to make the Earth greener.

Adding on to the fact that not only will car dealer ships that sell these types and models of cars profit increase drastically, the citizens will either have electric vehicles or they will have the type of vehicles that can occupy more than three passengers per trip or outing. So then the amount of exhaust coming from cars and going into the air will be reduced. Electric cars do not produce exhaust and if more people drove cars that can seat more than three people, then exhaust will still be going into the air but the amount would be less than it usually is. Not only will reducing car usuage prevent air pollution, it brings people together and helps them relax. Article three states "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." In other words this is saying that banning cars allowed the citizens to just relieve stress.                                                                                    