February 15,2011

To Whom It May Concern:

Thank you for taking the time to read my letter.

I believe that you should allow students to bring their phones to school and use them during passing period and lunch time. phones should have to be turned off during class so students cannot text or call each other but i still think we should be able to have them on campus.

Many students who do text during classes should have their phones taken away or their parents should know better than to allow a irresponsible person to have a phone in the first place.

If they are dumb enough to take the cell phone out in class let them suffer with the consequences but please do not take away that right for everybody.

I am sure that if you allowed them during lunch and passing period less people would text in class and that would allow them to learn more.

also, eventually, by the spreading of people turning off their phones in class, less and less people would text during class until there would be no body texting during class.

Also, many people bring their phones to school so that they can get a hold of their parents after school. i even know people who aren't allowed to text during school or they get their phone taken away for one month per text.

thinking about it there should also be a policy where your phone has to go in a little cubby or something during class that way it wont get stoled and you wont have that sudden urge to text, then at the end of class, you go up and you have to tell the teacher your phone number in order to get it back. either that or you could just say 'oh, well . if it got stoled that's your fault for bringing it to school."

Still for all of us who don't text during class, don't take that right away because its not fair that we don't have our phone out until schools over so why should we be punished for it? I don't think we should and neither do a lot of other people.

Also, if we don't text during class but we know we can after wouldn't that make us kind of look at it as a reward to try our hardest?

Then so many more people would get a better grade that it would be amazing.

also, i believe that if you allow the students to have their phones out during lunch it could help with language arts because , think about it, if you really wanted to you could have them write in complete words instead of jk, lol, or bcuz. so do the school and our students a favor and allow phones at school.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME

Advisory: TEACHER_NAME