"Driverless Cars Are Coming" article presents many aspects, both positive and negative, about these cars. Some of the positives are the cars are forseen to use half of the fuel today's cars use, offer more felxiblity than a bus, and people would not have to buy cars anymore. I personally believe that this is a bad and possibly dangerous idea. Driverless cars have no laws regarding them and are hard to decide who is liabe, and the cars are not very well devolped yet.

Firstly, the law aspect of Driverless Cars is majority of the time nonexistent. An exception to the pervious statement is that these cars are illegal even to test on roads in most state makeing it very obvious there has been little real-life testing. So no laws are in place to prepare for the new problems that will arise when these cars are actually in use and on the roads. If the technology fails and someone is injured who is at fault? Or if there is property damage? Should the car manufacturer or the driver be at blame for what happens? So many questions that will need to be answered and laws written for if these cars are ever use don the roads. But, I stand by the current laws which were written with the assumtpion that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times.

Secondly, these cars have very little testing, and devolpment to become fully driverless. All of the current "driverless" cars still require a human for work zones, accidents, and even sometimes coplicated traffic. Sure, these cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves meaning they have the basics down. But, without an alert driver this could cause many accidents. Also since these cars are dependant on coding, computer chips, and sensors what if one of these systems fail will the car have a backup or human driving needed. Because the facts is so much can go wrong with technology why would someone want to put all of their trust into this technolgy. I think it is clear that human drivign should always be an option no matter how advance and well madee the car is it is not smart to put all of your trust into a machine without human assitance needed.

In the end despite all of the benifits and possiblities driverless cars provide it is not a good idea to put thes on the roads because of the lives these cars might put into danger. Even if they were fully safe their would be multiple questions concerning the law when these cars are concerned. It might be the conservative choice but, it is also the safe choice to say no to these new driverless cars. 