Why Online Classes Could Destroy The Next Generation

Taking classes online may seems like a dream come true to many students, but teens fail to realize that change is not always good. At school, students are taught many skills and life lessons that are needed later on in life to be the best version of them self. Being in a house all day negatively affects student's ability to learn in many different ways. Attending classes from home would hinder students social interactions, limit the participation of extracurricular activities, and allow students to become distracted easily.

With technology becoming increasingly popular everyday, teens are becoming less in-touch with the world around them. For many teens today, school is one of the only places that teaches students how to socially interact with others. If classes became online, students would never have to carry on a conversation with others. Technology is allowing people to become more anti-social everyday. This is seen at chain restaurants such as McDonalds. Most McDonald's locations now allow their customers to order from a screen without having to say anything to anyone. Similarly, if school was online, students could submit every assignment without having to say a single word to their teachers. A big part of a teacher's job is getting to know every student individually in order to teach each student in a way that makes sense to them. With online classes, teachers would not know to repeat topics that the class was uneasy about. This is because the teachers aren't able to ask everyone if the information makes sense before moving on to the next topic. This would cause many students to become confused and lack motivation to try in school.

Clubs and sports offered at school allow students to learn their interests and meet new people. If all of school was online, students would miss out on the opportunity to find life long friends and their passions. Furthermore, many teens have found their major through participating in clubs. For example, a student wouldn't know they enjoyed Cyber Security unless they were in a club about programming and protecting one's identity on a computer. Without clubs, students would have to guess what major sounds most appealing to them without actually being able to experience work in that area. Even if some extracurricular activities are offered, students would feel less obligated to leave their house since extracurricular activities involve social interactions which students would have no practice in. Also, many colleges care equally, if not more, about someone's contribution outside of school. Therefore, online school would create difficulties for colleges trying to find more about a person other than just their grades.

Allowing students to take classes from home would invite many opportunities to slack off. Houses have limitless distractions whether it be pets, toys, or even your favorite snack just to name a few. Being in school allows one's brain to associate the school environment with being productive and home for relaxing and calming down after a long day. If school is online, students will have no separation between their "relaxing time" and getting work done. Even if students have to view the online class by a certain time to get credit, there would be nothing stopping a teen from playing video games in the background during an important lecture. This would lead to poor grades, whereas, if the student was in school, they would feel less obligated to start playing video games in class or would be stopped by the teacher.

Having classes online would be a negative change for many students because it would cause teens to lack passion for particular hobbies, allow teen's anti-socialism to flourish, and leave students with an endless amount of distractions throughout the day. Some would argue that online classes allow students work better since they are in a comfortable and safe environment. In life, everyone has to face situations that may be unknown or uncomfortable to them. Always being comfortable with a situation would affect ones ability to learn new things. If all schools went online, students would lack essential adult skills that could have been achieved at a school environment. 