No Phones Allowed While Driving

Today, many people both own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. So much so, that many have developed the tendency to do so while operating a vehicle. This current trend of behavior among drivers has caused a series of debates as to whether or not one should be allowed to use their phone while driving. Due to the many risks that come with a distracted driver. Thus, why drivers should not be allowed to operate cell phones while operating a vehicle.

While operating a vehicle, it is important for drivers to stay focused on the road. However, cell phones are one of the most common causes of distracted driving related accidents. (The Most Common Causes of Distracted Driving). According to 4 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Text and Drive by B City of Bryan, "Five seconds is the minimal amount of time your attention is taken away from the road when you're texting and driving." In addition, it generally only takes a driver about five seconds to travel the length of a football field when traveling around 55mph. This means that when drivers become distracted by their cell phones, they create a large window of opportunity for disaster to strike.

In most cases, people think that they can keep their eyes on the road while operating their cell phone at the same time. In contrast, drivers who allow themselves to get distracted by their cell phones increase their chances of getting into an accident, as well as putting themselves and many others life's at risk. For example, a distracted driver is, "...23 times more likely to be in an

Hearing 2

accident," than a non-distracted driver. (National Highway Transportation Safety Administration). To continue, "texting while driving is to blame for... 1,600,000 accidents per year, 330,000 injuries per year, and 11 teen deaths every day." (National Safety Council, Harvard Center for Risk Analysis Study, Institute for Highway Safety Fatality Facts). Therefore, it is proven that a distracted automobilist is a hazard for not only themselves, but also other motorists and pedestrians.

Furthermore, due to all the costly risks that come with texting and driving, such action has been made illegal in many states. Andrei Zakhareuski, from Driving Tests, proclaims that, "Those who are caught will be issued a citation by a policeman who will most likely be quite perturbed at the driver's ignorance and poor decision after witnessing the devastating effects of texting and driving at accident sites...," and believes that, " ... A text message that reads "ok" isn't worth a couple hundred dollar fine." Not to mention, those involved in a distracted driving related accident risk jail time, and most certainly, an increase in insurance rates. According to, 10 Pragmatic Reasons That Will Make You Stop Texting and Driving Today, "If texting and driving is included in the police report for an accident or wreck for which you are held responsible, you'll notice an even more significant rate increase. In some cases, your policy might be dropped completely." Such a spike in cost or dropping of a policy would severely impact a driver. Hence, texting while driving is not worth the risk.

With the current trend of texting and driving, and all its risks included, drivers should not be allowed to operate cell phones while operating a vehicle. For, texting while driving takes a driver's attention off the road and endangers the lives of any passengers, other motorists, and

Hearing 3

pedestrians. Moreover, texting while driving increases a driver's chances of getting into an accident. As follows, once involved in a texting and driving related accident, either a driver's cost of a premium will skyrocket, or he or she will get dropped from their policy. To conclude, it is not safe nor wise for an automobilist to operate a cell phone while operating a vehicle.

Works Cited

Zakhareuski, Andrei, "10 Pragmatic Reasons To Stop Texting and Driving Today", Driving Tests, 1 May 2019, https://driving-tests. org/beginner-drivers/10-reasons-you-shouldnt-text-and-drive/

Lohmann, Raychelle C., "Why shouldn't I text while driving?: Safety & Preparedness", Sharecare, https://www. sharecare. com/health/safety-preparedness/text-while-driving

B City of Bryan, "4 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Text and Drive", City of Bryan, Texas, 8 Januaray 2020, https://www. bryantx. gov/4-reasons-why-you-shouldnt-text-and-drive/

Luhrsen, Julie, "Investigating the most common causes of distracted driving", Luhrsen Goldberg, LLC., 15 February 2020, https://www. lginjuryfirm. com/common-causes-distracted-driving/                            