Venus is a worthy pursuit to study becase Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size. Sometimes it is the closest to the Earth than any planet in the Solar System. Venus could of had the features of what Earth is made up of. Scentist are trying to find way to study the features of Venus surface.

Long ago, Venus was probably covered largley with oceans and could have supported various form of life, just like Earth. This is why scientist want to study Venus, because at one time it might of been just like the Earth with all the living creatures and oceans. Venus planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and crater. Those are some also features that we have on Earth. There are also some dangers of going study what Venus is made of. Venus is a really dangerouse place to study, because of the atomsopher that it has. NASA is working on other approaches to study Venus. They are making simplifeid electronics mad of silicon carbide they have been test in a champer simulating the chaos of Venus surface and have lasted for three weeks in such condition. They are doing another project, that is looking back to old technolgy called mechanical computer that they used in 1940 in World War ll. Technology maybe the way to go to see the surface of Venus.

Venus has a thick atomosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets. The really big thing is the temperature of Venus atomosphere. On Venus surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the pressure is 90 times greater than what the Earth is. Such an evironment as Venus could crush a submarine accustomed to diving in the deepest oceans. Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. Venusian geolgoy and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface. Each previous mission was unmanned, and for a good reason, sincce no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours. Not a single spacecraft has safly touched down in Venus for over three decades. This is why it is really dangerouse to study Venus atompshere and surface of Venus

The National Aeronautics and Space Adminstration (NASA) has one particularly compelling idea for sending humans to study Venus. NASA possible solution to the hostile condition on the surface of Venus would allow scientist to float above the fray. NASA would float a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles to study the surface of Venus. The temperature of floating 30 or so miles would be 170 degrees fahrenheit, and survivable for humans. It is a really dangerouse thing to do, but scientist are finding ways to study Venus surface. Scentist are really trying hard to see if Venus was really like the Earth, long time ago.