When asking for advice, some people talk to more than one person. They might want to do this for a wide array of reasons, but one of the main reasons is, because asking multiple people will help someone in making a better choice for themselves. This make the best choice this way because, they get different points of view, they can get advice they need, and so they don't get led the wrong path.

First, getting different points of view on something is important. It helps someone see both sides of an argument and what might happen if they choose one side over the other. By asking multiple people and getting multiple opinions on advice, someone would see what different people think about the situation they need advice on. One person may think that one thing might be better than another, and someone else might think something else is better, but by listening to all these options, someone would have a lot of options to choose from where they can make the best choice for themselves.

Secondly, different people think differently, so when asking for advice, someone would know something that they didn't before. This is the whole reason to ask for advice. Some people might not have a proper response to the advice someone needs, so asking the most amount of people for their take on things would be the best thing to do. Someone might not get the advice they need by asking one person because of this.

Finally, asking just one person for advise could lead someone down the wrong path, because that person may not have the best intent. People only know themselves the best, and don't know about what someone else might want to do. Inherently, we think that everyone will want to help us, but this is not the case in the real world. Someone might want to actively sabotage someone, which would lead to the person asking for advice to go ask more people for advice. Those new people that they asked for advice might actually give them the advice, because they might have good intent.

In conclusion, getting advise from multiple people is better than getting advice from one person. Someone will get different points of view that they might need on a situation. They get the advice they need, because many people think different way. Also, some people might want to lead someone astray by not giving them the advice they actually need. So, because of all this, someone should get advice from the most amount of people, so they can make the best decision or themselves.