Cars can be very dangerous to this day. So many people are get hurt driving in cars or driving the cars. There are so many things cars can do that can hurt you or before you know it you're dead. Would you want to be that person that gets hurts because the car can drive by itself? I don't think anyone would want to be that person hurt because of a car messing up and it wouldn't be your fault one bit. I would rather take responibility on getting hurt or dead then knowing I can't do anything about it because my car is driving itself.

My position on driverless cars are that you should drive the car yourself. In paragraph 7 it says, "This means the human driver must remain alert to be ready to take over when the situation requires." Most humans aren't alert driving by themselves let alone being alert when something goes wrong and not knowing when it will be. Technology is really good today, but it is also can go bad whenever it wants to. You don't want to be put in a sitituation where you don't know when something bad is going to happen and you aren't paying attention so you can't do anything about it, next thing you know you're in the hospital or even worse in a coma. I just think having a fancy car that can drive itself is not worth getting hurt over. It's really not. In paragraph 8 it considers, "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive?" It's not about having fun driving. It's about getting to one destination to another. You can put your family in danger.

Having a car to drive itself it's not worth getting hurt over. Technology is really good in all, but it could always go wrong not knowing when. Cars are already dangerous today. I think it would produce more reckless drivers and more accidents around the world. Most people are never focused on the road all the time, and when you have a car that can drive by itself you have to be focused on the road at all times. There are still a lot of postive things to this. It's not all negative. I just think there are more negative than postive. 