Not everyone can attend school, do homework, and hang out with friends and family all in the same day. Sometimes us students need a break. We attend a lot of things outside of school, and we attend school itself. Shouldn't that be enough? Well not exactly according to my principal. My principal has decided that every student in my school should participate in an extracurricular activity. But why should we have an extracurricular activity to add to our day, when we already take part in so much? I disagree with my principal for these three reasons, we need our free time, we already attend activities outside of school, and it will overly stress students.

School is difficult for many students, but to some it's easy. No matter if it's easy or difficult every student needs a bit of free time in there life. If we added extracurricular activities to our everyday lives, we would end up with so little free time that we would call it a break. Without free time to do what you want, you would probably die of boredom. Free time gives you time to do things that are under your control, just make sure not to break a law. For example you can go outside and play basketball, but you can change up the rules and make it your own game. In school you can't make your decisions or your rules, it is all based on your principal or teachers rules. It's like when you're writing an essay, instead of letting you write it your own way, your teacher will give you specific rules you have to follow while writing it. However, in your free time you can make your specific rules that make your game and day more enjoyable. My principal doesn't understand that outside of school we have lives, and free time helps our lives become more fun.

Not only do I care for free time, I also care for my soccer team that I attend after school. Students don't only need free time they also need time for activities like sports, clubs, etc. Now the only reason I'm disagreeing with my principal is because he/she said I must attend an extracurricular activity. Some students don't have a club or sports team to attend, so an extracurricular activity would be a great idea for these people. It should be an optional activity to attend not mandatory. The soccer team I'm on at the moment is really great because it allows me to spend time with friends. It is also a great help with exercise and staying outdoors. It is very competitive, and in the end whether you win or lose your still having fun out there no matter what.

School and homework itself causes students stress, if you were to add another activity for school, students would stress even more. We have a lot of things to do in our everyday lives such as, attending school, doing homework, spending quality time with friends and family, and attending sports teams. All these activities add up to hours and hours of your day. School is 6 hours and 45 minutes, homework will take you 1-3 hours, and sports practices are usually 1 hour and 30 minutes. You never know how much time you're going to spend with friends and family. Not only that but you need free time and sleep! To add an extra activity to all of that would just be absurd. You would be falling apart at the end of the day if you had to fit in time for an extracurricular activity. Repeating this until the weekend would just be absolutely miserable.

In conclusion, students think that they already have enough activities in there everyday lives to add more. If we were to add more to the day it would just be unnecessary and more stressful for students. I think my principal should change mandatory to optional. You might have things going on outside of school that are more important then making a yearbook look nice. I even think students shouldn't take part in homework, because even that is stressful. So why should we have an extracurricular activity to add to our day, when we already take part in so much? I disagree with my principal for these three reasons, we need our free time, we already attend activities outside of school, and it will overly stress students.                    