Opinions of Many

Generic_Name

Generic_Name has recently been having issues at work. He used to enjoy his job, but after a new employee was hired, he often feels like he's been in a competition. He has tried to brush it off, but it seems the new employee just isn't a fan of Generic_Name. He walks past Generic_Name and glares, closes unsaved documents out of his computer, dumps out his morning coffee, and sabotages his plans with other workers. Generic_Name has usually been quite calm and collected about this, but the more it happens, the less he seems to be able to contain his frustration. So he decides to ask his coworkers and friends what he should do. Should he directly confront this new employee, speak to the boss, or simply, do nothing? This is a situation that many people in real life have faced. As a result, they often have to ask for the advice of many different people. This is so they can get a gauge of what should be done about their situation, because in a lot of cases, one opinion just isn't enough. Asking for multiple points of view has become like second nature for some people, and others barely do it at all. However, at the end of the day, there are reasons why your option may not be the best option. Asking for multiple opinions is beneficial because it helps you look at different perspectives, figure out what most people think is a good choice, and gets you advice from different types of people.

When is comes to perspective, especially in conflicts between others, it is very important to have more than one point of view. This is because people think in different ways, so it is key to take as much of those ways into consideration as possible. On top of that, you, or even other people, may be biased. If you argue with a friend, you may think it is best not to apologize later simply because of the fact that you think you're right, and that apologizing would make you look like you're admitting you're at fault. Also, if you ask for the opinion of a friend that you explained the whole situation to in a way that made the other person look bad, they might side with you as well. This is why you should ask that friend for an opinion, as well as a friend of the person you were arguing with, to get both points of view. That way you can both explain how you feel, so that each side can be understood. Part of perspective is about the way you look at things, which is why it is good to listen and take into consideration the other ways people may look at how things went down.

Asking for multiple opinions is good because it allows you to not be self centered. This way, you can compare how many people think alike, to how many people think differently. In this case, think about it as if majority ruled. If many people think the same way about something when you ask for advice, it is a sign that it should be highly thought about when you come around to making your decision. Of course, you should not always choose what most people say you should do, which is why it is important to not let people think for you when asking for advice. Though the highly favored opinion should always at least be pondered. If many people have the same opinion, think about that situation, apply their opinion, and decide if it is right for you. In many cases, this helps you get a better grasp on what to do.

Personality is a crucial aspect when asking for the advice of multiple people. This is good because it helps you compare the opinions of people who think differently. If you ask for the opinion of someone who is always enthusiastic and a positive thinker, but doesn't really sit down and think about things before they do it, chances are they'll give you different advice than someone who is quiet and pessimistic, but always thinks things out thoroughly and incorporates every outcome before they make a decision. Along with that, you may get different advice from someone you just met, compared to someone you've known for a few years. Or getting an opinion from someone who doesn't like you that much, compared to someone who absolutely adores you. Experience is also extremely beneficial when asking for advice. For example, if you got into an argument with a friend, and you're contemplating apologizing, you may get a different response from someone who argued with their friend and apologized, than someone who was apologized to. Both of these responses would be good to consider because they each have experience, just in different ways. Which makes you more informed when it comes to making a final verdict for yourself.

With all the information Generic_Name got from the many people he asked, he decided to speak to the boss about his problem. The boss then set up a meeting with the two of them together to discuss their complaints and disagreements. What Generic_Name learned was that everything was just a big misunderstanding caused by a lack of communication. The two workers are now on good terms and enjoy talking with each other in their free time. If Generic_Name hadn't asked for advice from multiple people, he could've falsely accused the worker by confronting him, or had the problems continue by doing nothing at all. In conclusion, this just shows to prove that things like this happen all the time, and other people can actually indirectly help each and every one of us solve our problems. For example, companies, or the government voting, is just like asking for advice from multiple people, because you're asking what they think, and the votes are used to make an overall decision. The perspectives of others, amount of people with the same opinion, and personality and experience of those people, are all components that teach us why asking for advice from multiple people can be so beneficial. So find an answer in others! Chances are, they'll come looking for one in you too.