Since the finding of the face on Mars in 1976 many people have been saying that it must have been made from aliens on Mars. However this is not true. If there was life on Mars NASA would have found it by now because it would benefit them. "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-- evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists. Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars." (Pg 5) So therefor the Face on Mars is just a natural landform because of the amount of pictures taken of Mars and the face, the amount of time taken to research the Face and all of the NASA people saying it resembles natural landforms that are on Earth.

First off we know that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform because of all the pictures that were taken. If there was any alien life of any kind on Mars, NASA would have caught it. In the article it says, "'Malin's team captured an extraordinary photo using the camera's absolute maximum resolution.' Each pixel in the 2001image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." (Pg 10) The author of the article went into even more detail and said, "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplans on the ground or Egytian- style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!'"(pg 11) This explains how good the camera quality is and how they wouldn't be able to miss anything.

Including the amount of picture evidence against life on Mars and the fact that the Face was not made by extraterrestrials, the amount of time spent researching the face by NASA clearly shows they know what they're talking about. The first picture of the face was taken in 1976 and then it was a major hit and they took another picture 12 years later in 1998. Then again after that in 2001. Also in the article it says, "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camer (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos" (pg 7) This quote from the article shows to what extent NASA researchers went to to find out more about the Face.

As if there is not already a bunch of reasons why the face on Mars is just a landform, a group of people are agreeing with NASA's decision that the face is just a natural landform. According to the article it says, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." (Pg 2) Also stated in the article, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivelant of a butte or mesa-- landforms common around the American West. 'It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of idaho,' says Garvin." Those quotes in the article are proof that those same types of landforms happened here on Earth as well and the ones here were not made by aliens.

In conclusion the Face on Mars is just a natural landform. If there was aliens on Mars making landforms then NASA would definetely use that for publicity and to make the taxpayers happy. However there are no aliens on Mars making landforms and NASA knows this because of the time they have taken to research this along with the amount of pictures taken with high quality cameras and the resemblance of the landform to landforms on Earth.                 