When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. One person isn't enough to help you make decisions sometimes. In some situations you just need more people to agree with or to talk to about something. It is good to ask more than one person because, the people may have more experience, make sure one person isn't joking, and to get diffrent ideas or better outcomes.

First, I would ask more than one person because the people that I'm asking my have more experience. In most situations older people are the ones to go to in situations because they have lived longer than you and most of the time been through more. In the other hand your friends can be the ones that help you make decisions too, if they know you enough they should tell you a smart decision to make. Family is always a good thing to rely on because they know more about you than your friends and I'm sure they would be willing to help out.

Next, I would ask more than one person to get diffrent ideas or better outcomes. The more people you ask is the more answers you will get. If you take the answers and see which one they're more of that is probably the better choice. If the choices add up and they look better than the other that is the choice that you should make. the choice that less or no people picked is the choice that isn't that smart.

Finally, i would ask more than one person to make sure they are not joking. Friends joke a lot so just ask more than one person to be safe. Others may be sarcastic so you may want to ask more people. Not saying that you cant rely on friends it's just that sometimes they might be joking or being sarcastic. If you ask more than one person there is not going to be a lot of people joking. Most people might know what you have been through and tell you the right decision to make.

When asking for advice to make a good choice you should ask more than one person to help you make that decision. It is good to ask more than one person because, the people may have experience, make sure one person isn't joking, and to get diffrent ideas or better outcomes. Not all the time you know the best decision to make thats why you ask more than one person to help you make a smart choice. You can not make all smart decisions be youeself. 