Imagine taking classes at home. It would feel so much easier, me knowing from being a student, taking classes at home could bring lots of benefits. If schools were to offer long distance learning classes via online or video conference, the student would feel less pressure, stress, and actually a little motivated to complete the course. Today in the modern world, we have unbelievable technology so why not use it for school or to learn in general ? It would really take weight off of the students shoulders to take classes at home instead of traveling or going to a building filled with other students to recieve said classes.

One good benefit online classes bring students is that its online. Students will not have to travel all the way to a different state away from home just to take one class. Some might prefer to have an expierience of going to collage or making memories; However, there are those who much rather take the class online instad of leaving their home. Many students struggle with money at times so online classes is a major benefit and could help them save a ton of money by not traveling. Who knows when there could be traffic getting to school ? Arriving late at school is never good for students but that will not be a problem if we take onlne courses at home.

Main reasons students get up to go to school is because they either want to graduate to make their parents happy or they have something important to do that day. Students really dislike school, especially the fact of having to wake up bright and early in the morning. We need the energy and motivation to get up and complete whatever needs to be completed. If we go to sleep knowing we could just wake up and take an online class instead of going somewhere to recieve it, it will help us majorly. It would be much easier to knock out a class at home and then going about the rest of your day. Education online at home would give us the benefit of better motivation and the thriving feeling of completeing the class;furthermore, being at home gives us good energy because we are in a place we do not mind being in.

A really good benefit from online classes is the balance it could bring to our every day lives. A student taking online classes can manage their time,work,family and personal appointmetns more than a student actually going to school can. Being at school can really take a big chunk of time out of your day and leave you with no time for your own life. When taking an online class you wont have to worry about getting home to get dressed becuase you're already at home !

How we manage our time is very important because it is how we live. I am sure the majority of students really dislike spending time at school even the most dedicated students. Online classes at home would benefit us with a good feeling of our time spending. Students at home are far more happier and productive. Mind you, that being at home can cuase a student to be a little drousy but;nevertheless, students wake up way faster at home then in a school building with people they do not even like. Online classes helps us with time and balance with our lives in the real world.

Online classes, in my opinion, bring many more benefits to students. It takes major stress and anxiety of our backs. The feeling of just being at home taking a class that is required or beneficial to have or take gives us the power to finish it. We all have our own lives and the ability to live it how we please. I would not take school or classes at all but if it were to be required, online classes would be my choice. It is really beneficial and it is almost certain we will see advancements in the future for online schooling. It is crazy how far we have come from past years, all the benefits we have now such as online courses for school, can really come in as a life savor of one who has his or hers family to look out for. There is always a choice in life and no matter what it is, it will have its own benefits and doubts, its just up to us on what we make out of it.