In this paragraph I will write about how students can take classes from their homes and if they are going to do good in the works that the teachers give to the students on online, talk to the cousolers or tho his admistrator, the students will have some benefit, Students will have benefits with the grades.

If the student offer distance learning, First he must have to talk to his counsoler about doing classes online and disscus with her about he can stay home and do the classes online. Second, the students have to take test before they do the classes online because the teachers or another people from the school can see if he really is going to do the work at home and be prepaed for all the work that the teacher will give to him/students. Finally, the teachers will see and talk to his counsoler or administrator if they do good in the test and see if they can saty at home and do the classes online also the teacher should give a recomendation to the students if they have to take classes online.

The students will have some benefits if they take classes online, First, the students obiasly will have benefit because they will be doing all work at home and they can ask for help to his/her brothers or sister at home and they can help to do the work and if they have a test in the class that he is taking he will pass because he can see the notes or some works that he finished before. Second, They will have benefit because they are not going to school and he can go out during the day and also do the work when they're out. Finally, Students also will have benefit because they can do the work whenever they want bacuse if they have the classes online at the computers is more easier for example, if they only have to take notes they only can see another attachment of the same thing and if they have a test they will see the notes or another paper about the test.

Students will have benefits with the grades. Firts, the students will have good grades because they will have a lot of time do the work that is assigment for the next day or the same day and they will be concentrate because they are going to be alone at home. Second, The students will have a lot of benefit in that because they can see some work abouth the assigment and have a 100 points in the assigment or if they have a project that the students who are in the school they only will have a hour to do it because the others teacher will give a lot of homework to them but the student whp is taking classes online he will have a lot of work too bute he will have all the day to do it or the next day.

In conclusion they can't take classes online because they will have a lot of benefits that the students who is going to school and they can sleep a lot and the regular student has to wake up early and they can't have benefit with grades or other benefits,

In my opinoin students should not to take classes online because that is going to be more easy than the stduent who take classes at school becuase the students who is in the school they are not going to have he same benefits as the students who take classes online.