We have all had to make a tough decision, and we have all gone to others for help when making that decision. This is nothing to be ashamed of because people are smart, and the more people thinking about what to do in a situation, the better the solution is. When someone is making a tough decision it is crucial that they talk to others before making a final decision. First of all, by talking to other people you might find that they have better solutions that you never thought of because you were too close minded. Secondly, having others agree with your decision can make you feel more confident in your choices. Lastly, sometimes simply by telling someone your decision you yourself can find things to improve on.

Talking to multiple people before making a decision can help you find other solutions that you never would have considered. For example, last summer I was deciding whether or not to apply to Generic_School. Currently, I was planning on not applying because I didn't believe I would stand a chance and I did not want to waste 100 of my parents dollars. This all changed when I asked my mom for her opinion. When I told her my plan she said to me, "Well, you will never know if you can make into Generic_School it if you don't try." This inspired me and made me realize that it is not a waste of money if I try my best and work hard. This is a prime example of how consulting others can open your eyes to make better decisions.

A second reason to ask multiple people for their opinion is because knowing that others agree with you on a choice you are making can make you feel more confident in that choice. After my mom changed my mind and convinced me to apply to Generic_School I continued to ask others if they thought I was making the right choice. Having others, such as my dad, brother, and close friend, agree with me made me even more confident that I was making the right choice.

The final reason why asking others about the decision you are making is the right thing to do is that telling someone your thought process to reach a decision may expose to you any flaws that can be fixed. Think back to a time when you were writing a paper. After working on it for a couple of hours you were sure you had worked out all of the mistakes. Then suddenly when you went to read it to someone you realized that there are so many grammar flaws that you just did not realize when writing the paper. I believe that it is the same with decisions. If someone simply tells someone else their decision they might realize something that they do not think is right and change their decision. By simply telling someone your decision you could save yourself from making a bad choice.

Talking to others before making a decision is the best thing you can do for yourself. Even though someone may think they are making the best decision it is always helpful to get other opinions because maybe someone else has a better idea. Having someone agree that you are making the right decision can help you feel more sure that you made the right decision. Even if neither of these things are the case, by telling someone your decision and the thought process behind it you may find a kink in the process that when worked out, can help you make a better decision. All of these reasons are why I am asking you to ask others for advice before making a decision, because you know what they say, two minds are better than one.