The use of cars and mobile technology has done nothing but grow in our society without ceasing. However, the use of these cellular devices while driving can be fatal to the driver and to others. If the driver is overly distracted and is not paying attention, it can cause them to veer off the road or hit innocent, bystanding, pedestrians. The use of technology could also be used for good. GPS helps most people on this earth, get to where they need to go. Although, this can also lead to them getting distracted, some apps have it, so that the driver can simply hear the directions. The usage of cellular devices shouldn't be restricted completely, but limited to using GPS.

The amount of car accidents due to drivers being distracted by their phones, is at 1.6 million per year. This is mostly texting and driving, or being on social media while operating a vehicle. Actively using phones while driving should be restricted because of the danger to the driver, passengers, and the pedestrians that are around. Most of the drivers that are making these mistakes, are teenagers that don't know better. Teen drivers, or new drivers in general, should take a proper drivers ed class, that'll teach them proper drivers etiquette. This will inform them of the dangers of texting and driving, and teach them techniques to avoid temptation.

Although the use of cell phones should be restricted, it shouldn't be completely prohibited. Drivers often use their phones for GPS in this day and age. If phones are permanently prohibited, then drivers won't be able to use their mobile map. It navigates the driver to where they need to go. Apps have been programmed so that drivers can use their GPS hands-free. They also input a feature that will speak the directions out loud so the driver doesn't feel the constant need to pick their phone up and read the directions. All the driver has to do is input their destination in before the vehicle starts moving. Phones while driving doesn't need to be prohibited.

Some people will argue that the usage of any phones can start any car accident. While that is true, it is highly unlikely and implausible. Although texting and driving is the cause of many car accidents, it's not the cause for ALL of them. Phones cannot be blamed for every car accident that happens. In fact, drunk driving is the cause for 31% of car accidents that occur in the country. Taking away the cell phone completely from use in the vehicle, will have a poor effect on the drivers who need GPS to go to new places and don't end up lost. It will lead to drivers needing maps, which are often hard to read and hard to keep track of.

Getting rid of cell phone use while driving completely, may seem like a smart idea at first, but it doesn't make sense once really contemplated. It would alter the country's way of driving, and not in a good way. Maybe there would be less accidents, but there are still drunk drivers to worry about. Cell phone usage while driving should not be strictly prohibited, but rather restricted for all uses except for GPS.                    