When people ask for advice they usually ask one person, but when they do that, their choices are limited compared to when they ask multiple people for their advice in a situation. They then can hear different points of view as they hear where other people went wrong and their experiences in that time, and how to avoid that situation. This then allows them to assess the conflict and then do what most people described as helpful.

If you ask multiple people for their opinions on it then you can get many different answers or you can get a bunch of the same answers to help your point. For instance, if you are having problems with a girl and you ask boys and girls what to do then they will give you different answers based on the fact that they have opposite views on the conflict. Girls will make it seem like you did wrong and will try to make you feel bad but when you ask "the boys" it makes it seem like you did no wrong and your girlfriend is mad about something else completely unrelated to that topic. But if you ask on a different topic to that thought, then you could get very, very different answers.

Like when you are going to get a brand new pair of shoes but then you don't know what to get, so you ask your friends. They then proceed and say, Parrel x Adidas Human Races, Checkerboard Vans, Old Skool Vans, Yeezy Boosst 350, or some New Balance Running shoes. Who ever you ask on a really big topic then you are going to get a wide variety of answers, some which you most likely wouldn't want to hear because of your own opinion.

It could also be if you ask them which is their favorite sport, they could say, Baseball, Football, Soccer, Volleyball, Golf, Bowling, Swimming, Hockey, Boxing, WWE, Wrestling, Fishing, etc. With this amount of options it really makes it hard to get a straight answer from the people you ask.

Also, if you need help to a math problem, not everyone is going to get the same answer. People could get 130in, 126in, 134in, 100in, 167in, and so on. If you don't get any of these then you probably will try it yourself so you can see what you got and see where everyone else went wrong.

People ask for advice so they don't seem like they are absolutely stupid and they are incorrect all the time. Advice is asked for when, asking out a girl, making food, playing a sport, mowing the lawn, etc. Advice is important because it helps people understand where they went wrong and how they can prevent someone else from going wrong.

Instead of just asking one person sometimes, people ask multiple people to get their thoughts on that issue. People will still ask one person, based on how beneficiary that is towards them and finding that decision.                                                                                                                                                                        