Should summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? It's very important that students keep learning throughout the summer so that they do not forget what they have learned throughout the school year. It's good to keep learning so you can keep that same learning energy for when the next year comes around. The projects should be student-designed, because it gives the students a good opportunity to start a project for everyone so they can get that experience and then maybe they will use it for a future job, and some students could use this experience and put it on a job resume. Students could have a big chance to make their creative work be seen by other teachers and be used into ideas for teacher made projects.

Students could have a good opportunity to be creative and use their skills into making a project. Students know more about what students are into nowadays, and could make a good educational based project out of it that students would enjoy doing. There have been many times where a teacher has given a student a project over a break and the student has not enjoyed doing it; but having it student designed, the other students would enjoy it better because students know what other students like and can make their likings into a project.

Teachers would make the projects with too much to do in them. There are lots of students out there who want to start getting jobs in the summer and make money for college, a new car, and spending money in general. If the projects are student led, they would have an opportunity to make the projects easier but still have a good learning experience in them; so that way students have time to go get a summer job, and focus on extra ciricullar actvities like sports, or clubs. Family is also important to stay in touch with and having time to go out and see them is important to do. Having a relationship with family is important and having time to see them and have time to do the project would be good for the students.

Having student designed projects is a good idea for teachers, because it gives them an opportunity to get their classes set up and the next year and plan for their next teaching year. Most teachers do not have enough time to plan out their next school year plans and cutting out this extra time to let students have an opportunity to plan out the project that they want to make for the rest of the students. If all the students came together and made a project by their own hand it would be easier on the teachers and a good experience for the students. Doing this will both let teachers have an opportunity to plan out what they are doing for next year, and allow students to make a project that is best for them.

Teacher designed projects would allow students to learn a little bit from each subject; so that way they can keep that learning energy up throughout the summer and be ready for the next school year. Teachers can be creative in educational ways that will help student keep that informaton in their head throughout the summer. Students often tend to lose the information that they have learned throughout the school year over the summer; therefore if teachers come together and make an educational project it would help the students keep that information in their head.

Having a project over the summer is a good idea, whether it invloves teacher designed projects, or student designed projects, it could give students a great opportunity to use their creative skills and make something great out of it. Having student designed project lets teachers have the opportunity to get ready for the next school year, or get their classrooms ready. It's all a good idea to have for the summer time to keep students ready for the next school year if planned out right. It would be a good experience for all the students and teachers.                                  