I feel that as if my school were to do online classes it would not benefit me or other people that much from being out of school because something could happen with the computer and we cant do any of our work that we need to do.

If you're taking online classes and you have a child this would not be a good fit for that person because its a lot do to at one time, but being at school can help that person relax a little bit and get the work they need done. Another thing about taking online classes is that you may be more isolated or feel isolated due to the fact that you are inside most of the day on you're computer taking classes, this is where some people realize that you can not do as many things as you would like to do in regular school. When you are at school you are more free do do more things such as hands on or free time to make up work that you didnt finish also you dont have sit stay in one place for the entire time you are working.

When you are at home taking online classes you may feel as if you can not complete every task that is needed or you dont have enough time to finish it, some people might have a hard time asking for help from a teacher but if they are with friends at school it might make it easier to understand. About 75 percent of students are doing good in school and most of them have decent or good grades, but if the government asked all the schools do do online classes permanently the grades of almost all the students might fall because of personal issues, isolation or just due to the fact that they feel they cant concentrate at home.

Although a student can live far away from the school that they are supposed to attend and the parent or guardian can not support transportation for their child at the moment there are buses from schools that can take students from one school to another. Another big issue with doing online classes is that if you are doing this at home and you are in your bed you can dose off and fall asleep and you will be behind on a lot of things that you missed while you were sleeping and you were supposed to be doing, this could cause you're grades to start to drop and you will then regret requesting to do online classes. Online classes are a lot more work then you realize right now and you will soon start to feel very overwhelmed by it, also if you are taking a test for your online classes you will not know what to study or even have the right notes for it. Late assignments are a major reason for low grades and you will most likely forget to turn those in if you are doing online classes, because nobody is there to tell you to turn your work in. when or if you do make up your missing assignments it might be too late to turn in and you might not even get a grade for it .Assignments might not be completed if you are sick or do not feel good enough to accomplish the papers to were assigned to do for that day because if you cough all the germs get on your computer and you will not get better by still touching something that you coughed on.

these are my reasons for believing that kids, students and or adults will not benefit from taking online classes or video conferencing from home 