Having an extra curricular activity is a good way to find out what you like or dont like, or what you would to do later in life. It can be both a good and a bad thing. Having an extracurricular activity will help you make new friends, feel good about your self or just in general, and you can also be yourself.

While doing an activity you will be able to make new friends. At the activity you will meet new people that you probably have never met before. By meeting new people you are gaining new friendships and gaining new people that you can count on, and trust. You can also meet people that have the same interest as you. Therefore you will be able to do stuff together and will end up going the the same activity, and will be able to do things together because you both like the same things. You will also be bale to understand each others point of view. When people are asking you question about your activity you can both see where each other are coming from and can give them tips and tricks that they can use in the activity, and you can agree on the pros, and cons, the easy, and not so easy parts. While in the activity you can meet new people, make new friends, and who know you could both be friends forever.

By looking for an activity you can find that one thing that you love to do earlier and younger in your life. You can find things that your good at may that be sports, acting, singing, photography, and so much more. Also you can keep searching until you find something that you want to put your heart into. By searching you may find new things that you never thought that you would like. Maybe you thought that you would LOVE basketball but then end up loving pottery. Or maybe you thought that you would LOVE acting but instead you like singing. There are so many things that you could end up trying and loving them. You could also find thing that will make you feel good, may that be about your self or in general. You may play a sport and start to notice that you are happier and not in as bad of a mood all the time. They say that by working out and doing a sport boosts your endorphin's making you happier. Or even doing something that you love will put you in a better mood because you cant wait to do it or go back to it again, and therefore will have something to look forward to everyday. Therefor you can find things that you love and continue to do it and grow and be better.

However having an extra curricular activity can mean more harm than good. When you have an activity you may not have enough time for house hold duties or even your homework for school. Your activity may run later and you may get home late. The you will have to eat something if you didnt already before, and get ready for bed. But by that time you may not have enough time for your school work or the things that you need to do at home. But if you learn how to time manage everything that needs to be done then you should be okay. By challenging your self you are growing better as a person, and will be able to do things that may be harder for other people to do.

In conclusion it is a good idea to do an extra curricular activity as it will help you meet more people, be more comfortable with your self. Will help you get out of your comfort zone and get out there and live. Also find things that you are good at and love. And by doing something you love you are learning little by little to love your self.                                               