Have you ever though that "driving" in a driveless car could be very useless? Most people today think that when there's a traffic jam that they cannot be patient, nor drive as slow as everyone else does. Adults and children today can drive themselves, what's the point in having a driveless car. Using a type of car can actaully be dangerous not only to teens but every for old people, they like the old fashion way of driving a car.

Teens in this generation like to speed and like to have the freedom of driving how ever they want to until something bad happens and isn't sure what to do when they get in a car crash. Teen like the big and high tech stuff but whta if they don't know how to work that type of car? How would teens now react to a car that is driveless, they'd probably like it because they then can be on thier phone 24/7 and not pay attention to the road like they do today.

Adults like the new technology that has been coming out this year, but older people like grandma's and grandpa's like the old school way of driving a car. It would be way to much to drive a different car that has a whole bunch of new technology that wouldn't make them comfortable nor would they probably feel safe. Older lady's sometimes go out by themselves and just getting into a car like one today is somethimes hard becuase they could have some problems and that they have to take treatment for or they just in general aren't able to move fast enough.

Sensors in the cars could sometime be damaged or every ruined by rain or if the batter dies out on someone in the car. How would you be able to apply breaks on the car if you don't know if the car if front of you is gonna stop, will there be another sensor so you can see the car in front so the car knows. The car will basically be a computer working for you and then what if you're not sure if you could every be able to drive agin, you won't feel the need to because of these drivelss cars.

In conclusion, driveless care aren't a good way to make new cars. The ones today are fine, yeah they may be old but why make it easier on adults and teens that like the new technology and like the idea of something with a new type of car. Elderly and teens don't need to be driving driveless cars because it just wouldn't be safe with buliding new technology and making it harder to control and not knowing what to do if there was an accident. 