Imagine getting to design your own project for school during the summer! Students would have a lot of fun designing their own project! Students would get to enjoy their summer, while doing a school project in a fun way because they were allowed to design it themselves! Summer projects that are required from the school, should be student-designed because students would learn to be more responsible, students already have to do what the teachers assign them do during the school year, and students would have more fun with the school project if they got to design it themselves. Summer projects that are required from the school, should be student-designed.

Firstly, summer projects that are required from the school should be student-designed because student would learn to be more responsible. Students would have to come up with their project on their own, so that would make them more responsible because students are used to teachers planning the work and the format of projects. This would also give students the opportunity to show their teachers and parents what they are capable of doing on their own. If students got to design their own projects, then they would have to take it seriously because its up to them and their grade will reflect how well they did. Designing their own projects would help them become more responsible and that is good to learn at a younger age for the future.

Secondly, students already have to do what the teachers assign them to do during the school year, so I think that students should get to do what they want to do for their project during their break. Students summer break should be their time because thats their break away from school, so they should get to design their own project. It's good to give students more freedom because that makes students happier and it makes people feel good knowing that they get to design what they want to do instead of always having to do what the teachers want them to do. Students would have more confidence in themselves if they got to design their own project because students are used to having to reach a certain level to be approved or get a good grade. Students are used to doing what teachers want them to do during the school year, so students should at least get to do what they want to do during their break away from school.

Lastly, students would have more fun with school projects if they got to design it themselves. I personally like designing my own things because it shows who I am instead of having to do what what other people want me to do. The information would stay in the students brain longer if they designed something on their own to help them remember the topics. Students are very creative and smart, but sometimes students dont get to show that because they are expected to do things exactly how the teachers want them to do things to get a good grade. Students would have more fun with learning if they got to design their own things and it would help them remember the information.

Summer projects that are required for the summer should be student-designed. Students would have a lot more fun with school projects during the summer if they got to design it themselves. Students are capable of so much and I dont think that they get to show that sometimes because they always have to do what others want them to do. If students got to design their own projects, then that would help them in the future because they would learn how to be responsible. Students normally have to follow the teachers orders, so I think in the summer, students should have their own freedom when it comes to school because summer is the students break away form school. Students would have more fun with learning school information if they got to choose their own design and style of learning. Summer projects should be student-designed. 