The Electorial College is the way us United State citizens vote. "The foundinding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." said a passage known as "What is the Electorial College?" written by, the Office of the Federal Register. There is what people say is a argument wether or not to keep this Electoral College method or go back to our popular votes. I believe we should keep the Electoral College, without it there is no possible way to believe that every single person who voted actually paid attention to who they voted for and the people they voted for belief's. The whole point in voting is to choose who you best believe depending on beliefs and what they say they will do. You should not vote if you beleive the one guy has the best hair or you like his tan ect. So i write this to you my state senator that we should keep our ways since it's there for resons and those reasons are... number one, you will be certain of the outcome. Number two, the electorial collge shows that no matter what you choose it will be everyones president. Number three, since the US have big states the electorial college keeps that ballenced.

"A dispute over the outcome of an Electorial College vote is possible -it happened in 2000-but it's  less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electorial College invariably exceeds his share of popular vote." says a reason I agree with in a text called "In Defense of the Electorial College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Posner. I agree with this manely because it is highely unlikely to get a tie in the Electorial College because there is a even number of a elctors.538 to be exact.

"The Electorial College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal. No region (South, Northeast, ect.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president." from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Posner. I agree with this reson manely because even if you get the popular vote doesnt mean you become president, the expression "Everyone's President" in this text means to me that with the Electoral College you won't have the good percentage of the voters who voted and not cared who they picked gets stopped with the Electoral College.

"The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balence that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution..." from "Slate Magazine" by Richard A. Posner. This quote from the same passage as reason one and two came from just basically states that even if you have a big state with a big population doesnt mean the majority in that state that voted for someone will nessicarly get that same person. This helps keeps this system balenced.

Everything that i have stated that was from these passages i strongly agree with. Well Senators, you might have to argue something like "But how do we know the Electorial electors are actually voting for who they should be voting for?" Or another one would be "what if the voters have a hard time figuring out which is which Electorial elector." Well thats a simple one because yes it can happen but its as rare as someone who puts ketchup on pizza. And if they dont know the facts about who is who maybe they shouldnt be voting because seriously like i said dont just vote to vote you should vote if you know information about what you are doing and who you are voting for snd most importantly why? So I have listed my reasons and beliefs now its up to you to agree with me or not but just belive that the Electorial College was made for a reason, and that is to make voting much more fair and simple. Have a nice day.    