A study found that 87% of students that participate in extracurricular activities become more involved at school. Extracurricular activities are fun you once you let yourself try something new. Most kids judge something before trying it, but if they try it might be worth it. Most people that do extracurricular have a more happier time in school because of its positive effects. I agree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students can make new friends, become more productive, and finding a passion for something new.

One reason, I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because you can make new friends. When I was kindergarten there was a healthy kids club and I was a shy kid at the time. So my parents thought it would be the best for me to join the club. I was very against but still went to the club. My neighbor joined the club too so we could be together at least. When my neighbor and I came to the first healthy kids club meeting, and we were separated into different groups. A teacher called my name to leave the room with a bunch of kids in my grade that I didn't know. After we got into the room people started talking and making new friends. This one girl named Generic_Name came up to me and we started talking. After becoming friends with her, the club wasn't that bad. Generic_Name and I started to sit by each other at lunch, and played together at recesses. We are still friends together to this very day. Another example is when my neighbor started to learn baseball. As he grew up no one else in the neighborhood knew how to play baseball. He always wished he had someone to play with. Once he got into middle school he heard they were having tryouts for the baseball team. So he decided to try out for the baseball team. He made the team. He started having more friends come over to his house. He even made friends in higher grades then him. He would always being playing baseball or out having fun with his new friends. I could tell he became a more happier person, and that he has now found people he can relate to and overall have fun with too. So this is why I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activities because you can make new friends.

Furthermore, I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activities because students become more productive. My cousin she decided to join volleyball team her freshman year. She thought it would be fun to join. She started to focus too much on volleyball. Her grades started slipping and she was told she couldn't play any volleyball games till her grades were up. She had to stay up late nights to complete extra work that would raise her grades. She thought to herself, if she went back to the volleyball team she would have to find a balance to make sure volleyball doesn't take over her whole life. She got her grades back on track and she was allowed to play in games again. She started getting used to her new schedule to balance volleyball, and school. My next example is when my uncle was in high school, he joined an after school club for mechanics. My uncle wasn't a very good child growing up. He was always skipping classes, and never show up to class. Soon he joined a mechanics club with his friends. He instantly fell in love with it. He started showing up for school, and teachers started to see him be more productive. He so after choose his job as a mechanic, and he started to save money to have his own mechanic shop. He soon went to college to learn more about mechanics. He started working in a mechanic shop to learn the experiences of working and owning a shop. He then started his own successful company. Without extracurricular to change his attitude about school, he wouldn't be where he is today. These are a few reasons why I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activities because students become more productive.

Therefore, I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activities because students can find a passion for something new. When I first joined band I didn't know what instrument I would be playing. I started to play the saxophone and became good at it. Once I started to show my teacher, he offered to put me in honor band and that I would need to stay after school to join it. I started to get new songs for honor band that challenged me. I knew when I grew up I wanted to play saxophone. I'm in middle school and I couldn't get into band this year due to my honor classes. This year I have missed playing the saxophone because its my passion. I have decided next year to do less honor classes to see if I can get back into band and get to do my passion again. My second example is about my closest cousin. She joined her after school baking classes. She started baking cakes for family events and special occasions. She finally found out when she was older she wanted to become a baker. She is now working in at a bakery nearby my house. She is always baking and learning new techniques to improve her baking skills. This year she will be graduating high school early and going to culinary school. She never knew what her passion was going to be and without extracurricular she would have never known. These are my reasons why I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activities because students can find a passion for something new.

Students making new friends, people become more productive, and find a passion for something new are reasons why I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activities. Without trying extracurricular people might never know the importance of trying something new. Overall this is why I believe extracurricular can change your life.            