Generic_Name

Generic_Name

2020 8 Writing SOL

March 11, 2020

It is not a very good idea to require all students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I don't agree with the decision the principal made, because it is an overall problem for students and their families. The principal should not make students participate in at least one extracurricular activity because the students will have too much on their plate, the student will develop negative emotions towards the activity, and it is an inconvenience to the student or their family.

Students already are extremely busy without any extracurricular activities. Students have to complete their homework or study each night, complete any chores that they are given, run any errands that need to be run, etc. These tasks are all a part of the average life of a student without any extracurricular activities they need to commit to. Now, if we throw a sport or a club into the mix, then things get even harder to deal with and even more complicated. Students shouldn't stress about an assignment they didn't have the opportunity to complete because they are a part of something they don't want to be a part of.

Students will come to resent the extracurricular activity they are a part of, just because they are forced to be a part of it. This is the same thing that happens when you are willing to take the trash out on your own, but if your parents yell at you to do it, you won't want to do it. Students enjoy being able to make their own decisions, and take control of what they are doing. If they are forced into something they don't want to do, they will start to put less and less effort into the activity, until they practically dread doing it. Teams or clubs can never be great if none of the participants enjoy being a part of the activity. Overall, the student will suffer, and will resent even the thought of participating in something they don't want to participate in.

All of the pressure that goes into being a part of an extracurricular activity isn't just on the student, it's on their family as well. Students and their families who don't have as much money as others do will struggle to pay for the extracurricular activity that they or their student is participating in. It should be the family's decision whether or not they are spending their money on something that is worth the while. Additionally, students' families who don't have time or opportunity to transport their students to the place where the activity is being held is also a problem. It takes time to drive your student back and forth for an extracurricular activity, and some families just don't have that kind of time.

Some may say that being a part of an extracurricular is good for students' futures, but half of extracurricular activities won't aid students in finding a career. Most extracurricular activities will only teach students what they need to know if they want to be a teacher or sponsor for that same extracurricular activity when it is time for the students to get a job. Extracurricular activities are really for students who have extra time and energy that they are willing to put into the activity. Being a part of an extracurricular is not necessary for your future, and will not guarantee students a career.

The requirement of students participating in at least one extracurricular activity will create dozens of problems for the school and for the families of students. Students should not be required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students will become overwhelmed, they will come to resent the activity, and their families will be inconvenienced by it. In conclusion, this is not a good decision the principal has made.