Have you ever dream of a future where cars are driven by themselves? Well that dream will be coming faster than you think. With the advances in technology we are getting closer and closer in achieving a driveless car. Driveless cars could change the world so much. Thus it is a good idea that they should be made possible.

Driveless cars could help make the world better. We would no longer have to worry about how we would get to certain ares. All we would have to do is call in a driveless car, get in it, and it would take us to our destinantion. Another thing that make driveless car great is that it would use half the fuel of what we use today. It would also cause less accidents due to having sensors and thus alearting the driver when an accident might be possible.

These type of cars might be great but they have a lot of flaws. Some flaws are that they are not 100% driveless yet. They need the passanger to be on alert at all time so that when the soutition rises they can take over control. For example the article states,"notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigationg through work zones and around accidents." Another thing to worry about is that who would be blame if the technology fails and someone is injuried or even killed? Would it be the driver or the manufacture that gets the blame? These are thing that we should be thinking about before we put this invention for sale.

All those flaws might give the wrong impression about driveless cars, but we can find a soulution to all these constraints. They might not be 100% driveless yet, but we are getting there. The advances in technology that we accomplish every day is growing rapidly. Every year we are creating and making our technology beter. For example, the article stats that."Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." Companies are also developing driver seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. Another this is that the sensor might not be as good as we want today, but imagine how much better and advance they might be in about 5-10 years. Improvement in sensors, computer hardware, and software are making driving safer which is leading to driveless cars to be able to handle more and do more driving tasks on their own.

Currently we might have some contraints that are holding us back, but in time we will be able to get rid of them. With the improvements in our software and senors being made every day; we will be closer in achieving a 100% workable car. The advances in technology will help us create them and in time make them a realitiy. Driveless cars should be made. 