Schools across the country have started to offer online school as an option to their students. Those who choose to take their classes in this manner would be able to stay at home, free from an occasionally stressful environment. They have the comfort of their own personalized work space. Alternatively, these students would have much less social interaction than those who take their classes at the school, a factor that repels many from online courses. Online school courses are beneficial to students because they allow for a more comforting work space, the ability to work at their own pace, and for more one on one feedback.

For many students, the most stressful apart about school is the atmosphere of being at the school itself. Many are faced with stress, anxiety, and bullying that drives them away from waking up and going to school every morning. Online school would take all of these hardships away, as they allow for the students to work without other students around them. Instead of waking up every morning and going to this harsh atmosphere, they would simply wake up and stay in their home, free from a stress inducing environment. However, some may argue that taking away the typical school atmosphere would be hard for some, as there is little to no social interaction in these online courses and the feeling of working alone at home rather than with classmates may be difficult. Regardless of this, bullies and the stressful factors of school would be completely taken away, an extremely beneficial factor for the average student.

In a standard classroom, it is next to impossible for all students to work at the same pace. Some students work faster than the average, others slower. If a particular student is ahead or behind this working pace, it can often be frustrating. Online school gives the student the ability to work at the pace they please. They can even change their own pace if they want to get through work faster or slower, something that can not be done in a standard classroom. For example, I often find myself working faster than my classmates in my math class, and I often ponder on the possibility of where I could be if I was able to work at my own pace rather than that of my classmates. Many students would agree, and online school solves this issue for those who choose to take it.

Another benefit of some online courses is the feature of "video chat" with their teacher/professor. This allows for social interaction that students may need in order to take online school. More importantly, it gives many opportunities for these students to get one on one feedback from their teacher, One on one feedback can be a rarity in some classrooms, as teachers find it extremely hard to give this feedback to potentially hundreds of students. Now, in an online video chat setting, students can have unlimited one on one feedback that would allow them to soar to new improved heights of education.

Online school allows for students to work at their own pace in a more comforting environment than the average school classroom. Many students do not see it as an option, but the benefits are right in front of them and should be weighed as a way to take courses in school.        