There are endless opportunities and unique activities for teens to engage in at school. You can find art clubs, music, English, sports, and more amazing activities. These lists are endless to one persons desire. Activities are supposed to be fun entertaining, enjoyable, and relaxing. Anybody can find a club that fits their personality, and at the end of the day makes them a better person. These activities might even lead you to new friends, and a new passion that you would possible want to pursue latter in your life. That is why I agree with the principal, students should participate in an extracurricular.

If you are in middle school and love sports, but can't play yet, you can manage the sport of your choice. Managing is a great way for middle school athletes to get involved. You can meet the coaches, hangout with the team, help set up different drills, and participate in the sport you love. You also get to interact with many people who share the same interest as you. On game days you can ride the bus with the team and even help with games! Managing is a way for you to get to know the coaches,and the game to a better understanding while having fun, and once you are in high school you will know some of your teammates already. Other sport activities are optional to, like training . You can work with some of the high school coaches and get designed training for that specific sport. These are only a few of many great activities for teens to do.

Theater is a huge way to interact with your school. If you decide to so theater you can make skits, and even big plays. theater is an amazing way to interact with people. you can be whoever you want to be, and as loud as you can be. Middle school theaters put on plays like Harry Potter, Cinderella, Cat in the Hat, and some original plays. If you want to be in a play you have to audition . When rehearsals begin you stay after school every day with the cast. Being in theater is awesome, you get to hang out with your friends and make an awesome play for the school to see. Theater is a great way to work with your community. You do projects with your friends on making signs to put around the area so people know what play is going to be preformed. The cast is not the only people working on the play. If you dont enjoy being on stage you can be on the stage crew. stage crew is very crucial to theaters. If you like to work with tech you can work with the lights and sound. If you like art you can paint the set, and if you dont like any of those you can be somebody who folds brochures and makes fliers, or a bouncer,somebody who opens doors and make sure the play runs smoothly.

I have just listed some activities that are really popular. Any activities are good activities though. Instead of going home you could enjoy the thrill of sports, or the relaxation of painting. It is good to get one activity in per year. The extracurricular activities are supposed to be fun and relaxing to students. All activities are given to us so we get a break and get to have fun with whatever we are doing. Not all of them are classes, in fact most of them are different categories of activities so everyone finds on that fits their personality. The principal has a good reason to make students do these activities. Although you might not be thrilled about staying after school, at the end of whatever you are doing you will be happy you did.

Although you might think extracurricular activities are boring. You will most likely find on you enjoy. These activities are important to get involved in. There are hundreds of activities you can get involved in. One activity is all it takes to find your passion,weather it is sports, art, or theater. Participating in one extracurricular is a great thing for all students to do. Instead of sitting down and doing nothing or going home and doing homework for hours you can take a break from all the stress and relax with your friends. Not all schools have the money or opportunities to make any of these extracurricular's happen, so why not at least do one.   