In the article "The Challenge of Eploring Venus" it talks about the second planet from our sun (Venus) often referred to as Earth's "twin". Becuase Venus is sometimes very close to Earth, humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on the planet. The author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it represents. Considering that no spaceship survived the landing for more than a few hours, it explains how dangerous it could be to explore it.

However, the author still seems to think that Venus is worth studying. Even though Venus is so inhospitable, the author claims that scientists still discuss further visits to its surface. Reason being is becuase Venus may have been once like Earth at one point. The Author states that Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various froms of life, just like Earth. Even until this day Venus still has some features that are similar to Earth.

Venus has familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. It even sometimes can be our nearest option for a planetary visit which is crucial considering the long time frames of space travel the author states. The NASA (The National Aeronautics and Space Administration) has a possible solution for sending humans to study Venus after three decades. It would allow scientists to float above the fray and avoid the unfreindly ground conditons. Instead of the temperature being 800, it would be lowered to 170 if they used a blimp-like vehicle that would hover 30 or more miles over Venus. This would make Venus's conditions a little more bearable.

Putting this idea to action wouldn't provide enough insight of Venus and its conditions. Scientists couldn't even take sampls of rock, gas, or anything else if they did it that way. Therefore, the author claims that scientists are working on a new idea to get up close and personal to Venus, despite the risks.

Furthermore, the Author supports in many different ways how pursuing venus is worth the dangers. He provides examples of how sicentists are working to make something that would allow astronomers to visit and explore Venus, how they are fascinated by the planet, and how Venus has value not only becuase of the insight to be gained but also becuase of human curiousity will most likely lead us into many intimidating endevors and that dangers and doubts should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation. Therefore, the author supports the idea that studying Venus is worthy of pursuit depite the dangers very well,          