I am against the development of driverless cars. Automotive companies have made some really good products and worked really hard, but i feel like it is pointless. There would be a few benefits of a driverless car, but as they said in the passage, no car is completely driverless. If you have to do the same thing in a driverless car that you would do in a regular vehicle, then I do not see the point. I feel like driverless cars are pointless, going to be expensive and promote lazyness.

If you have a driverless car, the passage states that you still have to pay full attention and be ready to grab the wheel at any time. If you have a regular vehicle, then you also have to pay full attention and hold onto the wheel as well. The only benefit you would get from this would be a break from steering for a few minutes until you are to take control. People have been driving for years, vehicles have been advanced to be safer and more efficient for years, so why do we need technology to do this driving for us?

Not only do I believe this is a rediculous idea, I believe driverless cars would be very expensive. In the very first sentence of the passage it reads "Can you imagine a time in the future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" If nobody is buying cars, how are vehicle companies going to make money? Their income will quickly decline, if not dissapear all together. I can imagine the price of these driverless cars would be threw the roof. Making these driverless cars calls for an abundance of advanced technology and the cost would be much higher than any standard car.

How hard is it to get into a car seat and steer a wheel? Teenagers begin driving at ages 15 or 16, if driving was too difficult I do not think people would start so young. Transportation is a big part of everyday life. We have managed to drive ourselves place to place for may many years and we will be able to do it for many many more. 2016 is a very big year for vast changes in technology. Businesses have created so many spectacular devices to do everyday things for us, such as, GPS, robots, hoverboards and many more. The society today is a huge promotor of lazyness. We do not need technology to do everything for us when we are completely capable of doing it ourselves.

A driverless car may seem very beneficial to many people, but I honestly believe it is just another waste of time and money. There are far more cons than pros in this argument. It is very dangerous, pointless, expensive and it promotes people to be dependent and lazy. There have been some very useful inventions but this is not one of them. I strongly disagree with the idea of driverless cars.        