Today, most people use their phone when they're operating a vehicle. About 12% of teens are involved in car crashes because of phone usage while in a car. I think drivers shouldn't be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle. Do you think cell phones are a distractions? I do, because in this generation people don't pay attention to their surroundings while they use them.

One reason why I think people shouldn't use cell phones while operating a vehicle is because, there's always people getting into accidents. The cell phone today is likes drug. We are always on them no matter the situation. Phones are a distraction for a lot of people. If people can't use cell phones in the driver seat it would cause less accidents. People use their phone for anything now of days. My phone is a distraction to me because ion be paying attention to my surroundings.

If we couldn't use our phone while operating vehicles, we would be more focused on the road. Phones are the top distraction for people. A phone is like life to a lot of people. I know my phone is everything to me, because they could have an emergency or an important business to handle. If people wouldn't use phones while driving a vehicle their wouldn't be a lot of accidents happening.

If more people used phones while in a car there would be more death on roads. Personally I like using my phone, but when I'm in the car I always have it in my pocket. Roads would be safer if people weren't using their phone. In 2014 26% of people were in car accidents because of cell phones. Car accidents can cause major injures too us because the amount impact. The damage of a car accident can damage our body so bad it could paralyze us.

To reduce car accidents people should use ear pieces so they won't be using their phone when driving. Phones are a lot to some people, because that's how people get information. So they might operate on their phone to stay up to date. This causes wrecks, because they don't pay attention to the road and hit another car. I know people don't want to pay money because they hit somebody else car.       