The phrase "home sweet home" can mean many different things to many different people, however the one thing that all meanings have in common is the comfort of a home. Recently, schools have been offering students the ability to work from home, allowing them to complete work in an environment that may be more work friendly for some. The idea of this is quite simple, however the psychology is a different, much more complicated story. Utilizing this system, students would be allowed to stay home rather than attend school on a typical school day, and would video conference to attend their classes. This statistically backed spin on school attendance would be highly effective due to the personalized work environment it provides as well as the mental relief it offers students.

Students are all different, and thus have different preferences when it comes to work environment. Some students may work well in a quiet environment such as a library or a home, however in contrast some may actually work better in a noisy environment due either to preference, or due to ADHD or other similar mental disorders, which cause affected students to feel more comfortable with noise to keep them entertained. This same idea can be applied to many different situations such as comfy chairs and school chairs, large dasks and school desks, classrooms and bedrooms, and many, many more. Due to this large range of preferences, the option to let students choose to work from home is an exponentially good idea, as it gives students the option to work in and create an environment that is friendly to them and their preferences. Although students would still be attending the classes through thier computers, the stresses and boundaries of a typical school day would be eliminated, and students woud be able to relax knowing they're comfortable in their own home field.

A study done by one Generic_School that offers this program showed that active students in the "Education in Bed" program exhibited an 18% higher total Grade Point Average than active students attending school traditionally. Further research into this subject, done to uncover the reasons for this odd success, revealed that the biggest factor at play in this equation was stress. Stress levels in students attending school from home were way down, less than 1/4 of at home students reporting feeling overstressed while, when asked the same thing, more than 3/4 of students attending school traditionally claimed they felt this way. It is safe to say that the school at home method is a safe and easy way of eliminating stress in certain students, and can effectively boost grades for students willing to work hard even outside of school.

There are many things aside from learning that occur in school that can be mentally challenging for certain students. Bullying is one of these things; a big issue that not only affects mental health, but can also affect physical health if it gets bad enough. Bullied students need somewhere that they can work and learn while feeling safe and secure without the stresses and mental deterioration that bullying can cause. In this case, home is the perfect place. Utilizing the school at home system, these bullied students wouldn't have to be subject to the horrors they experience at school. Rather, they would be able to relax at home with no chance of being bullied. As for the bullies, well, instead of suspending them for being bullies, why not put them on a mandatory school at home schedule, where they are required to take part in school while they serve their temporary leave? Doing so would eliminate the issue of students getting a free weekend when suspended, turning suspensions into present and long term punishments, rather than just long term punishments that come to bite troublemakers in the backside once they decide to apply for college.

There are numerous benefits to implementing a policy allowing students to attend public school from home. Although it may seem like a small change, it makes a huge difference in the way students work and feel. If this system is implemented, there is a chance it will be abused, and punishments will have to me made with the goal of preventing abuse, however, this system will undoubtedly bring more good than bad. It acts as both a punishment for troublemakers and a retreat for students that are in need, and will bring a whole new aspect to any school it is implemented in. In turn, schools utilizing this strategy are able to spend less on supplies, act as a role model, and have light shined on them, possibly increasing funding that goes right back into improving the quality of school for students. Being able to have a home as a learning environment not only makes students comfortable with the space they are in, it makes them feel safe, mentally sound, less stressed, more productive, and so much more.