When we vote for our next president, do you have a voice? When you vote, you pick an "ellectoral college" to do the real vote. Our founding fathers decided to establish it, It's a weird system to follow though. No matter who has the popular vote, over fifty percent of the votes, will not win because of this system. I believe the people should truely decide on who becomes president, not a system.

When we vote, were just picking someone to vote for us again. If thats true then whats the point of voting? Over 60 percent of voters now would perfer a direct election because the ones who get over fifty percent of the "peoples" votes seem to lose just because of this system. John F. Kennedy won from a popular vote but if the electoral system was applied then, if that happend all the great things he did would be gone. The electoral college is outdated and irrational and needs to be changed.

Even if we argue about the system it'll probably never change, the unfairness. Lots of people decide not to vote because of this. People are realizing that votes aren't what they seem they are anymore, people in California and Texas stopped voting because they believed their vote had no effect which is close to the truth. More and more people are not voting, the main reason is this system.

If you think the electoral college is fair, think again. People might say "oh, it's made because people who vote aren't educated enough to decide". Are they calling the voters stupid? The only people who care to vote are the ones who mosy liekly did the research on the person before voting to make sure that person is making the right decision for our future. Oh, wait votes won't matter because the electoral college is doing it for us. The people's votes are just fake ones and dont really matter so why vote?

Does the popular vote matter? Why do we still vote? The electoral college does all the work, no matter what we do. We could have over half the votes on one president and have the other one win instead. The system we have to vote is flawed and should be removed so "we the people" can decide who to be president. We should decide on who leads out country to success.                                            