Goals are a vital key to most individuals life, whether they are a teenager, child, adult, or student. Ones goal may be to ace a test, anothers may be to pay off past student loans. Specifically, a teenagers goal may be to take the formal test to apply for a learners permit and eventually test for a drivers liscense. Driving is a symbolic step in a teenagers life signaling freedom and independence from their parents, however, with the ever-so-quickly evolving technological and engineering professions, this key factor is a teenagers life could be bypassed, similar to how an exit may be bypassed on an expressway. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" driverless cars may be an option of the future. Driverless cars can be a beneficial investment.

Autonymous and semi-autonymous cars are evolving, rapidly, into safer vehicles than human-operated vehicles; tests have shown this since the 1980's when automakers used speed sensors at the wheels of vehicles in creation of antilock brakes. Now, if a person is in danger of skidding out of control or rolling over, the cars brakes can prevent this. Its also extremly prevalent here, in Indiana. A cars antilock brakes may assist an individual to stop at a slippery intersection on ice once the car notices that it is not decelerating at the rate expected by its computer. Another reason why driverless cars are a beneficial invenstment is BMW's development and release of the "Traffic Jam Assistant." We all know that traffic jams in bigger cities such as: Chicago, Indianapolis, Fort Wayne, and even on freeways like Interstate-94 can be frustrating. However, with this stylish invention ones semi-autonymous car may handle the driving functions, that of a human, at up to speeds up to 25 mph. If one does not have to worry about focusing on the constant start-stop of the traffic, their trip may become substantially more enjoyable. Moving forward, driverless cars can be a beneficial investment because teenagers may like driving a semi-autonymous car versus a normal car better. Dr. Werner, a BMW project manager driver stresses, "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way" One way that this could be done is by bringing in-car entertainment and informaton systems that use heads-up display. These displays can be turned off when the driver is needed to take over. This also doubles up as a safelty feature, which is a huge proponent in passing laws permiting these types of cars.

In conclusion, driverless cars are a very promising option of the future, with which I support. They are proven to be more succcessful and could benefit modern america, as well as, the rest of the world by helping Indians in India with the subpar driving conditions with which they endure. They can also help Americans with heavy traffic jams in megatropolis' such as New York and Chicago. I believe that Driverless cars can be a beneficial investment and you should too.