Students will not benefit from taking online classes because students will develop poor communication and socializing skills, recieve intensified work load, and causing Anxiety to the body.

Taking online classes does not only decrease ones ability to socialize, but also decreases the ability to interact with others . Students will find it hard when learning something new when their teacher is not phyically there. Most of the time when students struggle, they often dont seek the help that they need, Because of how hard it is to get a hold of the teacher. Leading the students to cheat on most of the work that they will complete online. Students will not actually be learning the material. Not having that face to face interaction will cause the students to mess around and not care about the lessons being taught.

Students will be recieving assigned work to them online. There is a difference in the amount of work a student will recieve and the amount of work that the student is willing to recieve . When students are at home they can learn the lesson and call it a day, setting aside their homework and work to be completed until tomorrow, but the work will soon begin to pile up, causing the students to stress out. Students will begin to feel overwhelmed and not know what to do anymore. Students who are not orgainized will create bad habits of turning in their work late and possibly recieving bad grades because of it. Some students that take online classes dont always sit at the same place that they worked at yesterday, or the day before. One could be completing homework in the living room, kitchen, basement, or room. leading students not knowing where they put their notes, therefore causing them not to be ready for their online teaching conference.

Anxiety will affect students who are not able to gather information quickly, because teachers are not going to be next to each and every one individual waiting to see if one has gathered all the information yet, so the whole class can move on. Having an online class runs at a much faster pace than regular school, the teacher wont know if the student took their notes are not, if they are studying the right materials, or if their actually even paying attention at all. Some students will become left behind, because if the student is trying to learn new material, but also trying to catch up unlearned content. That will cause the student to be more behind.

It is not benficial for the students to take online classes because students will develop poor communicational and socializing skills by not being able to ask ones teacher for help, recieve intensified amount of work load causing students to feel overwhelmed, and causing anxiety to the body by stressing out.        