Have you ever noticed that there are so many vehicles on the road? Well, imagine a place without cars on the road, or even in the neighborhood! That sounds impossible right? Well in Vauban, Germany it isn't. They walk the streets without that loud roar of an engine, or the smell of fumes. You may ask, why would you not want cars on the road?

To begin with, Vehicles are giant sized moving objects with a lot of fuel spewing out. In article 1 it quotes; "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe . . . and up to 50 percent in some car sensitive areas in the United States." That is an astonishing percent vehicles cause to make greenhouse gas! Is all that greenhouse gas worth to just simply move faster to where you need to be? Is your time being faster worth your life being shorter?

Have you ever heard of Smog? It's a funny word yes, but it's sickening clouds that it causes aren't anything to laugh about. Smog causes fuel clouds that can contaminate you with deadly fuels or even make you sick. In source 2 it says; They even had to out law people from driving in Paris, due to the smog clouds it built. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, and many had their cars impounded due to their reactions. It's maybe not a bad thing to have your head in the clouds, but it's a terrible thing to have your fuel in the clouds.

Furthermore, Not driving a car or using transportation not only reduces smog, but it can help reduce body fat and obesity. Driving is a fast way to get to places but it's a even faster way to death. So many accidents happen each year, and so many lives have been taken due to driving. Not driving reduces deaths and obesity by a lot! Many of the problems people have today are due to obesity. Making it hard for them to work or even move because it's a hassle to carry all that weight around. Is your life living fast worth your life ending short?

In conclusion, sometimes vehicles aren't the best way to get to places. Sure it's the fastest but it's a double edged sword. You wanna live life fast, your gonna die fast. Live it slow and conservative you'll live longer. Vehicles are a pollution to our earth, and many causes of deaths. Is that drive worth putting everyone elses lives at risk?                    