I think that using the Facial Action Coding System is a very good and valuable resource to use. I think that it could benefit society and schools very well because then they could tell if a student likes school or does not, tell if the undertsand a lesson or not, and just know how they are feeling throughtout each class so that the school or place can try to fix it. They can even make adjustments according to the students emotions on the internet.

I think that if we had this new technology in our schools it could benefit us a lot. In school you can finally tell if someone truly likes it or just puts on a fake smile to fool everyone else. The new (FACS) system can help to determine how a child or adult feels during every hour of everyday. "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." You can tell if your classmates are sad or happy or however they feel around you and just in the school place in general. If someone in school is sad or mad we can finally understand and try to get them the help that they need before the situation worsens.

The new (FACS) system would also benefit the school system by telling if a child is confused or not. In class everyone has gotten bored and just stops thinking sometimes. "A clssroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor. The classroom would change forever because then people will not be embaressed to say that they are confused because the computer will adjust the lesson for you if you look confused. This is a great way to make sure students get the help they need so they can move on and succeed.

Finally, we can predict how a person feels even if they just are looking into a computer. "If you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different. Our own computers can pick out ads for us to enjoy based on our intrests and facial expressioin. Nobody likes ads but this can make ads more tolerable then to get and ad about something that you have no intrest in. Computers will understand non verbale communication because these days people text and talk on the phone there is really not much talking in person so the computer will know that you are happy or sad when on a certain page or watching a certain ad.

In conclusion i think that this is a great idea and is valuable to have these in schools. There are so many pros about having these in schools and they can and will benefit a lot of people and their lives. In class we no longer have to be shy we can get our lesson adjusted according to our own understanding not everyone else's understandings.         