When seeking for advice a person usually asks multiple people instead of just one, why is that? I believe its because they want to hear multiple experiences, opinions, and options to help them figure out what to do in that situation.

Whenever someone is stuck in a situation, it's best to tell them about your experience that you've had on the matter to help guide them to a better decision and not a bad one. Even if it's just a similar experience it could still help a lot when someone has no clue on what to do in that situation. Telling someone about something that has happened before is good because it helps them keep in mind a few things so that they don't do the same mistakes or the mistakes that were avoided. Experiences are good advice because they help inform others of things that they could be weary of and lead them to a better solution from different perspectives.

In a difficult situation it's great to give your opinion on the matter at hand. Whenever you give your opinion it could make you think of the different outcomes of the choices you have in your situation. For example if you were debating on getting toys or candy. The candy is delicious and sweet, but you can't play with it, where as the toys you can have fun with them and play with someone else, but they aren't edible and sweet. With opinions come different outcomes and thoughts about the matter which makes great advice from other people.

Perspective is an important thing because its the way you perceive something, which is why a person will ask multiple people for their experiences and opinions. Because of different perspectives a person would hear from others opinions and experiences, they would turn that into options. Options give a person a wider span of solutions that they could use which makes asking multiple people helpful to them. Perspective and options come from experiences and opinions from others that helps the, find a better solution from others advice.

Great advice can be created from experiences and opinions for the matter at hand. They help inform and persuade one to the better decision in a situation. With many different experiences and opinions from others creates options which helps find a solution in the situation that they're in. The reason a person would ask for advice from multiple people is because they want to hear from different perspectives and create options for themselves from experience and opinions from others to help their situation or find a solution.