The student body election was being held next week, and Generic_Name was anxious. She couldn't decide if she wanted to run or not, because she thought she wouldn't be good enough. She asked her friends, her parents, and even her older sister who was the vice president a few years back. They all gave her the same answer, and that answer was yes. The week of the election, Generic_Name raised her hand to be a candidate. Another girl name Generic_Name raised her hand as well. Anxiety swelled inside her. Generic_Name had better grades, was more athletic, and was in all honors classes. What if she wasn't chosen? After an agonizing two weeks, the results came. Generic_Name had been elected to be the student body president! Just like Generic_Name, people hold themselves back from such great opportunities. People tend to self doubt, have no confidence in their selves, and argue continually whether they should do it or not until it's too late. Seeking the advice of others will help people make the right choices, receive advice from people with more experience, and have no self doubt.

Every action a person makes leads up to making a choice. Now, will it be a good choice, or a bad choice? It's up to that person to decide. People have a hard time making the right choice, like whether they should do their homework on time, join that club, be friends with those people, or even just debating whether they should take out the trash or not. They often have their own opinion, or just can't make up their minds at all. That's when asking someone else for advice comes in. Someone else always has a different perspective, and can see things the other person can't. That one person can help the other person realize what they should do. A person's friend could be telling them to join this friend group, although that person knows those people aren't the right friends for them. Asking another friend, or a guardian can help them clear that up and make the right decision.

When it comes to advice, people tend to ask their friends first. It's not a bad thing for people to ask their friends, but what about someone who's older and wiser than them? People who are older, like their grand parents for example, have been through more than them and will be able to help that person in need by giving them wiser advice. Another option is their parents. People's parents are the people who know that person the best, and knows what they need to succeed. Someone else they should consider is an older sibling who might've been in the same place that person has, and has great advice to offer to them. Teachers are a great choice too, for they are the ones who see that person every day at school, and knows what's best for them. If that person isn't in a school, perhaps they can ask their boss or colleagues who have worked far longer than they have. These people are sure to have words of wisdom that's worth listening to.

Finally, people have have self doubt. It's the feeling of whether they should try out for the team, enter that competition, audition for that play, etc. They are digging a hole deeper, and deeper of self doubt, and by the time they make up their mind to do it, they are stuck in the whole they made themselves. But someone can help them get out with a few simple words. 'You can do it.' 'You got this'. That causes a spark of hope that lights inside them, and that spark becomes a flame, and that flame becomes a raging fire that engulfs them in positive energy. Just asking a person and letting them tell the other a few encouraging words means a big difference to them. If the person never even asked at all, then they would be stuck all alone swallowed up in their own darkness, and self doubt, and what person would want that?

To sum it all up, asking other people for advice will help that person see what the right decision is, have wiser advice to assist them in making a choice, and have no clouded judgment against their self. They should stop thinking that they are right even though someone else other than them knows that whatever they think it wrong. That person right next to them could have some great advice to offer if they asked. People are never going to stop having problems on making up their minds, but asking another person for advice is something people should all do.