Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning over their break. But the problem is some people think it should be student designed some think it should be teacher designed. The project should be student designed because it's already in the way of their "break time" and they'll enjoy doing it more.

To start,the project is during break which is already stupid so the least they can do is let the students come up with their own idea for it. Secondly, if the project is something the students actually want to do it's more likely they'll do the assignment. Lastly, most teachers don't know what their students like so they end up picking something no one wants to do, leading to a lot of kids not doing the assignment.

Secondly, if the students choose what they want they'll enjoy the project more. For example,making a photo album of the places they traveled or things they did during the break and write a couple paragraphs detailing the pic's. On the other hand, teachers will choose something boring like reading a book and writing a report on it, or making something nobody cares about like a toy car then make them write an 1 page essay on it. But if the students get to design the project they could find a way to make it both fun and educational at the same time.

Some people think summer projects should be teacher designed. They should be student designed because if students are supposed to have a three month break from school after being in school for over 9 months and the school gives them a project its already wrong. So by giving them the ability to do their own project would be 10x more effective than teachers giving it. And it would also allow students to be creative,bold,and different with their work.

So in conclusion, students that are given projects to help them learn over summer break should be allowed to design the project instead of teachers because it already in the way of their break. And the students will actually be able to learn and have fun at the same time.