True Automobiles

I can imagine a future where no one buys cars. Many manufacturers are already working towards this pursuit. They are developing vehicles that operate with very little human input. Various sensors are used to assist the cars in reaching their destinations. These vehicles can operate as public transportation and allow for very efficient travel. I believe autonomous cars will become a thing of the future because they will make driving safer and less tedious.

Safety is a huge concern in almost all aspects of life. With driverless cars, accidents will become a thing of the past. Since 2009, cars developed by Google have been able to drive more than half a million miles without a single crash. They only require human input during traffic issues, which will become nonexistent. If all cars were driverless, none of them would crash or cause otherwise perilous situations requiring human input. There will no longer be any injuries caused by automobiles in the future.

The current state of driving is very wasteful. Both the earth's resources and the driver's time are needlessly wasted. Sergey Brin has predicted driverless cars will use half the fuel of today's cars. This will have a huge impact on saving the environment by causing less pollution and removing the need to create as many dangerous oil rigs. The passage states that heads-up displays are a possibility in the future. These allow the person who would have been driving to do something productive. Instead of a long commute spent staring aimlessly at the road, a worker could finish a decent portion of his or her daily work in the time spent travelling to the workplace. Autonomous cars open up a huge new world of efficiency for everyone.

Critics of the concept believe computer-ran vehicles can reach nowhere near the skill or safety of human-ran vehicles. This is simply just not the case. Autonomous cars have been proven to get in very few accidents. They are equipped with sensors all over, giving them vision far beyond human eyesight. If all cars became autonomous, they would be able to communicate with one another on the road, removing dangers due to lack of communication we currently see in human drivers.

Driverless cars are a huge and vital step towards safety and efficiency. They benefit all aspects of human life, not just the road. Being able to reach destinations sooner allows for more productivity and easier human contact. For these reason, I believe autonomous vehicles will definitely become widespread in the future. With how far companies such as Google have made it in the race to build driverless cars, it would be insane to try to imagine a future without them.      