What is the "Evening

Star"? It is the planet Venus from our solar system and is one of the brightest points of light in the night sky. Many factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a difficult planet for humans to study. However, the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangerous it presents. He supports his idea very well because he use evidence to say why is it worthy to pursuit Venus and because he use a lot of facts about the planets, specially from Venus and Earth.

The author supports his idea very well because he use evidence to say why is it worthy to pursuit Venus. For example, he uses the Astronomers as evidence. As the article says (paragraph 4) "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system...Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel". He also use evidence to show how challenging its to get information about Venus. For example (paragraph 6), "Many researches are working on innovation that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus".

Also, the author uses a lot of facts about the planets, specially from Venus and Earth. As the author says in the article (pararaph 4), "Long ago,, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth... Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth. The planet has a surface of rcky sediment and includes familiar features such as valley, mountains, and craters". The author use a lot of descriptive words and try to connect it to the Earth features.

In conclusion, the author his idea very well because he use evidence to say why is it worthy to pursuit Venus despite the dangerous, for example he use the Astronomers evidence, in which they say that they are fascinated by Venus because it may have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system; and because the author also use facts about the planets, speacially about Venus and Earth, like he said that time ago Venus was covered largely with oceans.