Students wouldn't benefit from taking classes at home or online. Most people who take online school have jobs and families they need to worry about so that why online is so successful for adults over the age of thirty. Most online school caters to adults who are have jobs but still want to get their education in timely but inexpensive manner. Though the concept of school is a hands on experience meant for learning, practicing social skills, that focuses on core values and ethics that every kid should endorse.

School has been a concept forever intertwined with the modern day man. Controversy about schooling is constantly making headlines in the public eye, whether it be about a head masters lying or schools giving out one thousand dollar scholarships. Public schools help us reflect on what we have achieved over the hundreds and thousands of years, whether that be basic math, science, writing, or history. Some people could argue that they understand a class enough not to attend, but it costs more to do online than it does to do public. Though not all countries have a free educational system that tries to be supportive of the lower class not being able to pay. Normally payment is at the beginning of every year and is fairly cheap compared to what it could be in other countries.

It can be argued that with the growing teenage population, more disrespect is shown in school, thus making students not want to attend certain classes. School has given every chance they have to show us that there will be people in the real world who won't care about your ability to get your work done if they are distraction to you. Being introduced to other people at a young age prepares us that we can't just think for ourselves anymore and always remember that people can be affected by what you do. When taking online classes the ability to communicate with others about how you got an answer isn't there just because you didn't want to be in a loud class. In math you can use different equations to get the same answer but some are easier than others, but without the other students their it complicates thing by making you learn one way and no other.

Core values have been an important issue that kids ,especially teenagers, are forgetting. we pick up core values and ethics from the people around us and what we emerce our selfs into to on the TV. If someone doesnt hang around a lot of people then they won't be as sympathetic or understand how to act when a situation happens.

The benefit a student would get from online school wouldn't really be a benefit but would be a crutch. A child shouldn't have a reason to stay home all day and take the classes at home. Social skills that are required for day to day life would end up being forgotten, learning wouldn't be as unique as it is in a real classroom, and a set of morals would only be tailored for that individual instead to thinking about how others would feel.