The concept of selfdriving cars is something often fantacized about in media and amongst individuals themselves. Although this piece of technology, whilst seemingly far away, is now becoming more science than fiction. Google has been working with extreme effort to produce some of the worlds first self driving cars, and they're quickly approaching their goal. This may be great news to some, but to others this is a warning of an automated automoblie catastrophe. This essay is being written to prove to those people that self-driving cars are a beautiful innovation which the modern world definitely needs.

Sergey Brin, cofounder of Google, explains that the driverless cars of the future would use half of the gas that today's taxis use. With the threat of global warming starting to become apparent, fuel consumption is definitely a primary concern with that issue. If global warming doesn't concern anyone, surely paying for 50% less gas is quite a plus then. Another bonus to these cars is that they provide a more comfortable, quiet, and personal experience of travel, rather than any public transportation available. Also, considering that the car would drive itself, this allows the driver to accomplish other tasks like sending email or calling family. Now, some people may be questioning the cars' ability to drive, especially in unusual situations. It's a given that these cars wont originally be flawless, and that they'll need some help along the way. That's why all of these cars go to certain measures to keep the driver attentive of the road incase human assistance is needed. Infact, the cars may eventually have displays that will render cellphones useless because the cars themselves can be used to text, call, etc., thus making them safer than a normal car.

In conclusion, self-driving cars are the way of the future, and they will benefit the realm of transportation in a countless number of ways. Whilst the cars aren't flawless yet, that is no reason to quickly dismiss them as science fiction. If given a proper chance to prove their value, this innovation will change the world.