Cars have always been known for their efficiency, and speed at which they bring their driver to his or her desired destination. Although, many people are aware of the causes of driving and the negative effects of a car, most never look at the possibilities. They don't know what they are being deprived of due to the simple, solvable problem of driving cars. As countries of the world experience a cultural shift in their daily lives, people are becoming aware of the significant advantages of limited car usage, including lower emissions, increased physical activity, and decreased stress, which in turn would increase overall pleasure.

With a change in one's daily life, the linear relationship between car usage and carbon emmissions, means that as car usage decreases so does pollution. In "The End of Car Culture," Elisabeth Rosenthal comments on the scientific opinion regarding this cause and effect relationship in America: "If the pattern persists-and many sociologists believe it will-it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment." Cars are a large contributor to the increasing amount of waste and toxins that make one's air water polluted. Therefore, with a drop in the usage of cars, people and land will be become healthier and cleaner. Emissions are also a problem in Europe where the "Day Without Cars" was used to promote "alternative transportation" in order to reduce "smog."(Selsky) Cars are often used get to specific places such as work or school. So why would two people drive two seperate cars if they're going to the same place? By using public transportation such as a bus or subway, one is killing two birds with one stone by using a smaller amount of gas and fossil fuels to delivery two people to their desired locations, a smarter and cleaner choice.

The limit on car usage has also caused an increase of physical activities within a society. The lack of cars has created the desire for outdoor involvement as Andrew Selsky suggests in "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" when he informs people of the "improvement caimpaign in Bogota" that has enouraged the "construction of 118 miles of bicycle paths." Since space is no longer needed for the creation of parking lots, people now have ample room to create the resources needed for activities such as bike riding. Just having things such as trails visible to the public, motivates people to be active. The possibilities of physical activity areas are also encouraged by a change in the transportation bill. In current years, a drastic "80% has gone to highways" whereas only "20% went to other transport."(Rosenthal) With a decrease in the demand for cars and similiar ways of private transportation, there won't be a need for large highways. Since more money is now available to be used elsewhere, oppurtunities for parks and sports centers are opening up.

Although many may not be aware, a decrease in cars also brings a decrease in stress. This is even hinted at by "Businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza" when he says "'It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress..."(Selsky) Although people depend on cars for quick transportation, it can become a hastle when traffic comes into play. It also costs people lots of money when it comes to paying for gas, so an overall reduction of cars would fix all problems regarding stress. As a result of the reduction in car usage, several "new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up," as Andrew Selsky informs the public in "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota." With an increase of space to build malls and social places, people have a better chance of staying relaxed and stress-free. Not only do these places enourage relaxation, but they provide a place for one to spend time with friends and family.

From driving hazardous and waste-producing cars to saving money, riding bikes, and hanging with friends at the mall, limiting car usage not only creates a healthier community but provides people with oppurtunities to be better. All around the world people are working to change their daily habits that have created the dirty world one lives in today. Limiting car usage creates an overall happier environment to live in and an endless amount of possibilities.    