Students have the option taking classes from home by online or video conferencing because if they have two classes only to graduate is better to take them online so they don't have to go to school. It's a good idea of learning how to take online classes. After,they are done with there classes they can go apply to college or get a job to work in. they need to have the requirements that they need to apply to college. The support of this idea is that you don't have to get up so early to get ready and go to school. The benefit of students is to getting up early and not going to school they could get on their computer at the time they have their classes. For the students it would benefit because they are not moving from one class to another they stay in one place and listening to the classes on the computer. The reason why i'm agreeing is because they can be more focused at home on the computer with the class because other people aren't distracting others from listening to the teachers they are focused in the class. The benefit of students taking classes at home is because they don't have to wake up so early and they can have their lunch when the class is over. Examples of online classes is to not wake up early and be on the computer, when your class is going to start. They can do other things, while they are waiting for their class to start and be at the computer when is starting. They don't have to be in a rush that they are late to school.

The students don't have to wake up so early to get dressed and other things for school ,while they have online classes. It's a better way of learning how to do online classes. They don't have to worry about waking up so early for their classes and sitting in every class for an hour that all day in school. They can wake up but not so early lie to go to school they can wake up like at seven or eight o'clock in the morning do what the have to do,then stop at the time they have their class. If they are doing laundry , folding clothes , washing dishes or cleaning before they have their class that's a good idea. While they get home from school and do homework they don't do what their parents told them to do then they will get in trouble why they didn't do it. That's why their is a good example why online classes is a benefit for students they can do what they have to do at home, while they have their class.

Another reason, is that they don't have to be late for school while they drive to school get a pass and go to class. That could be a waste of time and only coming for two or three classes, while they could save time at home and do other things and just get on the computer at the time that class starts. The school doesn't have to call your parents if they are late to class or absent while you are online taking the class and listening to the class. Being late to school is not a good thing because you can miss work,then you have to make it up and turn it in when it's due. Some teachers give an extended class period to turn in their work the next class period so they can get it done and turned in. They should be on time for their classes so they don't have to miss work and just get done in class the same day. If they come in late they still have to do makeup work for the class that they missed. They have to tell the teacher when they see her again that they missed what they did in class so the teacher knows what they missed. If you don't tell a teacher what you missed during that class the teacher won't know what u missed and the teacher can put a zero on work u have not done or not turned in on time.

Another example, is the teachers handing out a lot of papers that they have to do all those papers in the class period. Sometimes they give us four to five papers and tell us to finish it by the end of the class period. The good thing that for online classes or video conferencing u don't have to get papers. If they tell u to do a document or presentation it's on the computer so u dont have papers to do it with. Students have issues losing papers that are every important when they are going to be having a test or something and the teacher tells them to turn it in that is going to be a grade or going to take it for a grade while taking the test. While online classes or video conferencing they tell you what you are suppose to do, but their work they do it online they don't need papers so they can do the work if its a document or presentation the teacher just tells them the instructions what has to be on the presentation or document what is going to be graded on. For online or video conferencing classes they really need to pay attention to the class what activities they are going to do and what is going to be a grade or not be a grade on some documents or reading passages depends on the class they are taking online. Some teachers say right away when they hand papers our or tell them what to do they say what is a grade and what is not a grade.

In conclusion, I agree to the prompt because their could be some students that don't want to school only for two or three classes and have the option to take classes online or video conferencing but they don't have to wake up early so they could get ready for school and that they will be late while they get a pass and go to class while they already have missed half of the class. They need to tell the teacher that they need the missing work that they missed so they can get caught up with the work and the class. But it's better online or video conferencing because they don't have to turn in papers to the teacher. They can do it online and submit it where the teacher tells them to submit the work in so she can grade it. The students can learn more about how to use the computer and learn hoe online or video conferencing classes work online. Some students can be more focused at home than school because they can concentrate by themselves and do there work and then turn it in when done to the teacher online.