in source one they talk about banning driving in germany and how does it affect them but in the U.S.A if u took that baway we would probaly freak out unlike a small town in germany completly has no cars in there small town. In Levitton and Scarsdale new york some cars rare overpopulating us and causing emission smoke throughout the air and litereally choking us with fumes. The United States Of America is starting to reduce car control in some citys it is said that 80% of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20% to other transport.

In source two it talks about paris france and its trouble with cars stsrting with the pollution or smog it has gotten so bad that the french party made a rule that people with even number plates can drive on monday,wendsday,friday and sunday while people with the odd plates drive on tuesday'thursday, and saturday. Even though china is the most polluted place paris is more polluted than any other european capital. It says in source two that paris had 147micrograms of smog per cubic meter last week wich is a lot of pollutoin to get rid of.

in source three we talk about bogota wich is the site of a program that began in mid 1990s it has also seen the construction of 118 bike miles,the most by any latin america city. I am talking about car free day wich is celebrated to promote a pollution free world in bogota there are no cars only taxis and buses. If u ride a car on this day you will have to pay a $25 fine the turn out is always large despite the rain. "The rain hasnt stopped us before" says Bogota mayor Antanas Mockus.

in source four we talk about the decrease of car usage in the U.S.A in 2005 is when the we peaked in driving but from there we dropped by 9% to 2013 this was equal to the country in 1995. if this keeps up it can have a negative impact on car companys because the eill be loosin money but a positive impact on the enviorment becasue car emission is the second most cause of poolution,no cars no poluttion. In the ages between 16-39 has dropped in obtaing a license while older people are more likly to get ther license. A study shows that driving by young people decreased by 23% between the year 2001 and 2009    