Have you ever made a bad decision in your life and regretted it? I have had many friends make the wrong decision and hang out with the wrong crowd and they get punished for it. I have also had friends that make good decisions and hang out wit the right crowds. In my opinion, seeking multiple opinions from someone when making an important decision is needed because you get a diversity of choices, there are pros and cons and it can change how you look at the decision ahead of you.

You need a good diversity of options when you are making choices. Why? One time in my life, my friend was faced with a tough decision, but since he had my help to get him through the decision, it was much clearer. Also, the more people that you have helping you out with making the decision, the better chance you get of making the right choice. For example, if you ask one friend and he tells you to make the wrong choice then you think that it's the right choice, but if you have multiple friends helping to make the decision then you most likely get a better answer. Overall, the more friends you have when making a decision, the better that decision will be.

There are many pros and cons to having friends help you out when you need to make a decision. For example, if you hang out with the wrong friend group they might peer pressure you to do things that you don't want to do. Meanwhile, if you hang out with the right friends then when you have the option to do bad or illegal things then they help you stay away from it. Also, you get better opinions when you ask multiple people because of how more people have more than one opinion. Overall, making good decisions has many pros and cons to it, but here are more pros to asking for people opinions for decisions.

Finally, asking for peoples opinions can change how you think about your decisions. It is very important to listen to peoples opinions when the give them to you because they could make a small impact on your choice. This one time, I went to Florida we asked multiple people about what we should do and it really helped us have more fun that night. We were going to go to a Miami Heat basketball game, but we ended up going to a zipline and ATK tour place which was very fun. That is why it is very important to listen to peoples opinions because they can really change how your choices turn out.

It is very important to ask for peoples opinions when you need to make choices. So next time that you need help making a choice promise me that you will ask for other peoples opinions first. The next time you want to make a better choice you need to seek help from others because different choices, pros and cons and it can change how you think of your desicion.           