Have you ever recieved helpful advice from someone? If so, that is awesome! Advice from other people is always helpful. Sometimes we can useother peoples advice and reflect on it. I feel that advice from multiple people is good because we can pick which advice would be helpful to us, we can use other peoples advice and reflect on it, and whatever advice would be the most helpful we can use that on any situation that we might be going through. That is why I am going to talk about how multiple helpful words can lead to a better life.

First I want to talk about how we can pick which advice would be most helpful to us. Everyone always words things differently. That is why it should be important that we know what advice would work more for us. Not everyones advice is going to be helpful to us that is why multiple people should share us their opinions. Someone might give you advice but then you realize that someone else might word it differently. I feel that picking the mst helpful advice is the way to go.

Next, I want to talk about how we can all reflect on peoples advice that they give us. Whatever situation that we might be in you know people are going to have our backs. As long as we can use their advice that they give us, we can tell other people about it. Let´s say that someone is going through the same situation, we can share the advice with the and they would share the advice with someone else. Giving helpful words is like a ripple effect. That is why we should take the most helpful advice and share it with other people so that we can impact lives.

Furthermore, we all sometimes get ourselves in sticky situations. That is why we need a few friends or people we look up to get us out of sticky situations. Maybe they all some words of wisdom. We can use those words of wisdom and use it on our everyday lives. whenever we feel down or feel that we cannot get through another day we can use the advice. We should all take advice from people that are trustworthy and accountable.

All in all, taking advice from multiple people is the way to go. No matter what your going through you should always ave people by your side helping you when you need it the most. I feel that good advice gets us through life. As long as you have good friends, you should be able to take advice from them whenever you feel. I feel that advice frommultiple people is good because we can pick with advice would be helpful to us, we can always reflect on it,and whatever advice would be most helpful we can use on any situation we might be going through.