In today's world, the competition for higher education is ever increasing, with the requirements for test scores, GPA, and extracurriculars growing exponentially each year. To help keep up with the competition and separate students from the general masses, some schools are beginning to require summer projects to ensure students are continuing to learn, even when out of school. While this practice is becoming more and more common, many schools are struggling to decide whether these projects should be assigned by the teacher or created by the students. Although some say that teachers should assign summer projects because they will be more suited to helping students learn, summer assignments should be student-designed because they will excite students to learn, be better suited for the students' lives, and encourage creativity.

First, student-designed projects are superior because they inspire and excite students. In a learning environment, passion and excitement are paramount to student success. Often times when teachers assign projects and assignments, they have little regard for the interests of the students, causing the class to dread working on the assignment and putting it off until the last moment. Also, when students choose their own project, they can ensure they are relevant for their future plans. For example, if a student wanted to become a banker in the future, they could base their project around the world of economics instead of wasting their time on a project about the Civil War. All in all, student-designed projects would encourage success because students would be more invested in completing the projects and they would help them in their future careers.

Additionally, student-designed projects benefit students because they are better suited for students' lives. In any given high school, there are students who live drastically different lives, from students who have to work two jobs to teens who have nothing but free time after school. Because of this vast diversity, not all students reap the same benefits from a teacher-designed project. If students were able to design their projects, they would create projects that work best with their schedule and do not cause any undue stress. In addition, some projects are not economically feasible for all students. As an example, if there was a teacher-designed project that required all students to build a robot out of costly circuit boards and 3-D printed materials, not all students would be able to afford the materials, causing them to take short cuts and hurt their grade. Student-designed projects would ensure that students can design an assignment that fits their budget and would help to close the disparity in success between wealthy and working class students. To conclude, student-designed projects benefit students because they ensure that the assignments fit in with students' busy schedules and tight budgets.

Finally, student-designed projects help ensure out-of-school learning by helping to spur student creativity. When students are assigned a project by a teacher there is little abstract thought needed to complete the project, all they have to do is follow the teacher's directives and they will get an acceptable grade. When students create their own projects, however, they are forced to think deeply throughout the entire process, from formulating the topic to deciding upon the presentation methods. Also, student-created projects encourage creativity because it opens the door for the study of more abstract topics instead of the mundane, ordinary topics that teachers usually dwell on. For example, music is shown to increase creative thinking, so if a student wanted to learn about the French Revolution, they could create a topic like, "The French Revolution and its effects on the Romantic music of the day," instead of an ordinary topic like, "The effects of the French Revolution." In summary, student-created projects encourage learning by requiring students to use their creativity.

In conclusion, student-designed summer assignments help students learn because they interest students, fit students' lives, and inspire creativity among teens. If schools began to implement student-designed summer projects, they would begin to see an increase in passion and preparedness come August when students go back to school. As a result of the increased drive shown by students, schools will also begin to see more and more students attending accredited, well-respected universities upon graduation. Schools must start allowing students to design their students to design summer projects, for it will create an educated, passionate, and happy school community.