If we dont make a change now we, could be in a lot of trouble twenty years from now. Us as people dont really ever look at how much we actually are hurting the world and ourselves. For instance, limiting your car usage. That right there saves money for you and also helps keep our enviroiment clean and healthy.

First of all, if you were to limit your car use from seven days a week to maybe three, you would be saving a ton of money. The avarage person probably fills there gas tank all the way up once a week. Depending on mile per gallon your car ges it could be different, but if you were to only use your car three days out of the week you would only have to fill your tank up about every two weeks instead of every weeks. You would save so much money if you were to do that. Gas prices arnt cheap in todays world, its not like you can go get a gallon of gas for 50 cents anymore.

Second of all, used gas contaminates our world almost more than anything. The feums that come out of cars/trucks is the reason why we are having the types of problems that we are having enviromental wise. In source 1: In German suburb, life goes on without cars, the people who live in Vauban Germany only get to use there car everyother day depending on licsence plate numbers. They're making a movement and it is called smart planning. This town along with others sees how bad we are hurting our enviroment and making a change. These people are getting along with there lives just fine, in fact some are saying that life is better without having a car. They say they are "stress free." In source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog, it says that almost 4,000 drivers were fined, now i cam see were some days you just have to use your car to take car of somethimg and that is totally fine because thats what cars are used for, to benefit us.

In conclusion, i believe that us as people need to reallly think about the future and realize that we dont have to use our cars as much as we do today. We can take a couple of days out of the weeks and not use them it wont kill you. Infact it might make you live longer because you are helping your enviroment which is definitley helping you.    