I think that it a good that some schools offer distance learning for the students because some of them can't go to the regular schools and some of them are not able to finished one school and the distance learning offer a good idea for them. and is a very good experience. If can be a good apportunity for does who can't fiinish the school for example

Some of the students have kids and have to take care of them.

Another reason is that the students does not have the support of their family and they have to work for them self.

Also the family of the students can not affords the students education.

The person who received the distance learning it an oldest person who does not finish the school and that person is trying to finished now for get a better job.

I think it good that some of schools offer distance learning. First some of the students that are taking the distance learning have kids and they need to take care of the kids. Next The students does not have their family support and they have to support them self and work. Also the families of the students can not affords the student education. And finally the person or students that received the distance learning it an oldest person who does not finish the school and is tying to finish now to get a better job. because with a better job they can support the baby they have and the things they want to finish up.

First some of the students that are taking the distance learning have kids and they need to take care of them. Also the students a girl or boy get a pregnancy when they go to school and they had to leak of school for the baby. Also the parents make them to work because they have to support a baby. And some moms have to leak school because the other parent of the kid does not take care of the baby when she was pregnant. Study in the distance learning program they want work in the day and in the night they cant received classes.

Next another good reason is that the students does not have the support of their families and have to work for them self. Some of the kids are immigrants and they doesn't have their parents in this country. And also the student have to work and maintain by them self. The students have to work and go to school .But sometime get difficult for them and the time it not always log as they want to do many things at the day. And it better to have a option .Because with that option that can still working and receiving a good education.

Also another reason is that the families of the students can not affords the students education. And they try to do another thing for them like the parent can buy a computer. And with that the student can received the classes online or in the distance learning. But some of them use their phone to received their classes. Also some of them like to study but their parents cant not affords the school and they try to do anything to get a good education and a better future. Because that is going to help them to be able to have a family. And with that they prepare for the future.

The last reason that why is a good idea to get the distance learning is because some of the people that is getting the classes online are oldest people the they did not finish the school and now they're trying to finish the school .Because they want a better job and a better future for their family and their kids. Some of them did not finish the school and they now want to finished. They just want a opportunity to study and the distance learning give that opportunity to the old people that want to overcome. And that is a great help for the people that just want a better life a great future for them and their families. With that the people who is trying to finished the school can be prepare to have better opportunities of work. And also finished the school he or she can get a better job and be able to be with their kids. And don't leave their kids with another person many time. And spend more time with them.

In conclusion the distance learning education is a very good idea in my opinion. because the people that can not go to school because they have kids or the teenager that have a pregnancy when they were on the school. That give opportunity for the people with low income. The people that can afford their school. And also the people that does not have their family in this country. The people who work and study and does not have the time to go to a regular school. Classes in online is good for does that need to finish the school. For does that when they were in the school have some problems. Also is a good benefit for those that there time is not long as they want. The people of the distance learning have good opportunity for their future. And can be productive for the people who does not have a work because they did not finish the school. because have an education is important for this country and for all the people that want a good life and better opportunities of work. Finally the distance education is a good ideas because help people with the things they want and that they need too.    