In todays world things have evolved so much that now we even have driverless cars. In my opinion, I am not in favor of driverless cars. There are many issues that come about when talking about driverless cars. Some issues would include, the age of legal drivers, the liability, and whether or not the drivers has to pay attention or not. All of these issues can be explained throughout this paper.

Today the age that a driver gets their license is 16 years old. With driverless cars, the legal age of drivers would probably be lowered. This could even be lowered to the age of young children. I believe it is an awesome opportunity to be able to drive. Since the car is driverless, would drivers still need to go through traning like there is now? If there wasn't any training and the car would malfunction and the driver had to take control, then the driver behind the wheel would not know what to do. The article says, "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash, but so far, Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigting through roadwork or accidents." Even if cars become totally driverless, will they actually know right away when an accident has occured in front of them?

Another issue that could come up with driverless cars is, the liability. Who's fault is it? Today there are laws that decide who is at fault in a car accident. If the cars were totally driverless then there would be no need to focus on the road and the driver could be doing whatever they wanted. What would happen if there was a constuction zone ahead and the driverless car didn't know and kept driving and hit someone or something, would the accident be the drivers fault or the manufacturers? " If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the naufacturer?" I'm sure there are many manufacturers who would not like all of the liability to fall back on them. That could end up costing them more money than what they are getting from the driverless cars. If it is the drivers fault then they could just say that they were told they didn't need to pay attention and they could sue the manufacturer.

The last issue that comes to mind is, does the driver need to pay attention if the car is totally driverless? I think that the real attention getter with driverless cars is that the driver wouldn't have to watch the road and could be doing stuff with the passengers in the back seat. The only problem with this is, is the car fully able to correctly drive itself through traffic and dangerous situations or does someone need to pay attention the whole time? If they could fully promise drivers that the car is capable of driving through any situation then it would be okay.

I do think that eventually cars will be driverless, but I think that manufacturers and law enforcers need to take a little bit more time developing ways that these problems can be fixed. "Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." They need to stop and think about how they can fix the problems such as, they age of legal drivers, the liability, and whether or not a driver needs to pay attention at all times. Once this is all cleared up then I will fully be for driverless cars.   