Yes, I believe that all students should do community service. We should be required to perform community service because it will make a cleaner environment, the town will save money, and it is my personal values.

First off, with community service, the environment could be much cleaner. We could have kids volunteer to clean up some local town parks or the school. Some of these services could be picking up the trash along the road, or recycling. with all of the cleaner parks, many more people will go outside and enjoy fresh air. A lot of people in town have dogs, and walking them could be a pain. Sometimes there may be broken glass on the side walk, that could cut the dog's paws. This can be painful for the dogs and it is not safe. Therefore, We should be required to perform community service because it will keep the environment clean and safe.

If our school instilled community service upon us, it would also save money. For most problems, the town pays people or a business to the job. But if we had volunteers to the job for free, the town and school would save money. Maybe with the surplus of money, the school could put it towards sports or something new they would like to start. I think if there are leaves that need to be picked up, or if there is some snow in a parking lot, I believe the students should be able to work together and do the job. The town would save a lot more money if they just required students to do community service.

Being required to perform community service is also one of my personal values. I believe that all students should be required to do community service because it just makes the community come together. One day during the fall, I raked an old lady's leaves, not expecting a profit. When I was done, I felt good about myself. Though she gave me money anyways, I still did it for the good of the community. Nowadays, there is a lack of discipline being taught to young children. I believe doing community service would also teach the students life lessons, like responsibility. As you can see, community service would be good for our town.

All and all being required to do community service would help out this town in many ways. The youth would be taught valuable lessons, and life skills. The environment would also be cleansed of the trash, as well as the school and the town would make money.      