Did you know that eighty-eight percent of people who seek multiple opinions in tough situations, will have a better solution and outcome then those who do not. Now, you are probably wondering if this is true or not, but it is very true because when you are in a tough situation your brain becomes overwhelmed with stress and you might not make the best choices, but when you have people by your side it makes the problem and situation so much easier. I say this because having multiple choices in a tough situation is extremely valuable, advice is never something you should take for granted, and the more choices you have, the better the outcome will be.

To begin with, having multiple choices in a tough situation is extremely valuable. Not knowing what to do in tough situations is very common but if you have a friend or a loved one by your side to guide you, answer your questions, and possibly shine a light on things that you would have never though of in the first place makes it is so much easier. In addition, you might not always be in a tough situation when it comes to needing multiple choices or opinions, you could be in a dangerous situation, ad having people voice their opinions can save someone from making the wrong choice. Also, it might not feel like your opinion matters, but your opinion could end up being very valuable to that person, so do not second guess yourself. Furthermore, some situations feel like they are never-ending but if you are willing to hear others' opinions then the situation will not be as bad. Lastly, you are going to be in a lot of tough situations as life goes on, but how you handle them really shows the type of person you are.

Secondly, advice is never something you should take for granted. I say this because you never know when the last time you are going to see somebody, so listen to their opinions, especially if it is benefiting you, and do not take people for granted. Moreover, some people never have people to talk to or get advice from so you should at least try listening to others because you never know what life could dish at you. Also, having people that actually want to give you advice and benefit your future is so precious so learn how to love that and that person. Also, at times it can feel like someone is talking just to talk and giving you a lot of their opinions, but you never know what that person is going through and they could be trying to save you from the mistakes they made. Finally, listen to others because when someone actually takes the time out of there day to talk to you, you should try and listen.

Lastly, the more choices you have, the better the outcome will be. When you have multiple choices sometimes it is hard to pick just one, but you do not always have to pick just one, you can pick two or three because when life gives you a lot of options it is hard to pick one, but it is even harder to pick the right one. Furthermore, lots of choice mean lots of decisions so when you have lots of decisions explore your options and make the right choice. Even though it might not always feel like you have a lot of options you will know when you do not because everything will just feel dull. Also, having choices in life is something that you should never get comfortable with because you never know when life will pull the rug fro m under you. Lastly, use your choices wisely and always remember, when life gives you a lot of options it is hard to pick one, but it is even harder to pick the right one.

In conclusion, having multiple choices in a tough situation is extremely valuable, advice is never something you should take for granted, and the more choices you have, the better the outcome will be. If you don't care, just imagine you are in situation where you need as much help and options as you can get, but no one is there, so eventually you just have to learn to except that no one is there for you. If you do agree with me tell others how listening and thinking about valuable information can really benefit their future and do the same for yourself. But, if you do not do anything you might just get stuck in your own head, not knowing what to do and you will not find way out until you learn to listen to others. 