Do you believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Learning from online classes can be more beneficial to students than going to class and learning. If schools start offering online classes to their students they will be less likely to spread around a virus or any diseases. Online classes can also be useful if a student is out of town or traveling somewhere. While some people believe classes in person are more interactive with each other in reality online classes can help students in many more different ways.

Students should be able to communicate with their teacher in person if they need help with anything. Video calling doesn't help the students the same way talking to the teachers in person can. If a student need help on a math problem looking at the problem in front of you can help you understand it better then looking at it from a computer screen. Even though teachers can help gift you a good education from inside the classroom, you can receive even better education from the teacher helping you online and from some trustful websites.

Students when they stay home and take online classes are less likely to get a virus or get sick and miss class. Even if a student does get a virus they can still get online and work on their class work. Students can spread around the virus in class because they didn't want to miss the class work. Just like how right now their is the corona virus spreading all over New York because students thought they had a small flu but in reality they had a really bad virus. Students could stay more healthy and not get a virus if they take classes from home.

Some students travel during the school year and they may miss some very important lessons or information. Students can receive some much need information if they have online classes and the teacher keeps updating them. If a student is gone for a week and misses class they would have to catch up and work even harder but if the student has online classes they can just work on it while on vacation. When a student misses class because they are on vacation the teacher doesn't reteach the lesson to just that one student but if it's online the student can just watch the video and learn the important information. Vacations can really miss up a students grades but if the class is online the student can still learn while on vacation.

Even though some people think classes in person are more interactive with each other in reality online classes can help students in so many different ways. Students are less likely to get a virus if they take online classes. Students also can keep up their grades up while on vacation because they can work on it if they have internet where they are going. All schools should start offering distance learning for the students so they can learn anywhere and if even if they are sick.