Asking for advice can make you very nervous. Getting one opinion may not be enough. What if you don't agree with what they say? What if they trick you into thinking about something that is irrelevant to the topic. I have always thought it is best to take what you have and ask for more than one opinion. If you really need advice from another aspect.

Let's say there is drama between you and your friend. You're a fourteen year old girl in 8th grade. You have been friends with this girl for seven years. One conflict occurs in your relationship and you want help trying to make up with her even though she is mad at you. So, you ask some of your other friends for their advice. One friend says "she's just jealous she will come back for your friendship in no time". Another friend says "she seems pretty mad I would apologize to her and get her to be friends with you again". Then that's when you really get stuck on what to do.

Sometimes it is best to get a few opinions. Sometimes two opinions don't work, and mostly won't work if the two are opposing each other. When you ask people for their opinion on advice take in what they say because it could really take affect on you. It also may help you come up with a good solution.

Let's say you asked 6 people on their opinion for the friendship advice. Three say "she will come back into your friendship". And three say "go fetch her before she doesn't like you anymore". Then what do you do? You could put your own thoughts into the situation, and use the advice you're other friends have told you. If more people say you need to go catch her before she's gone. Take their advice! If more people say she will come back to be your friend. Take their advice! As long as you agree, and are sure about the situation. Always remember you don't have to do what others say. It is just an idea.

Getting more than one viewpoints on the situation can also help you think of your own advice. Learning your own advice also helps you and maybe some others around you who need advice. Getting others opinions can help you get different perspectives . Multiple opinions help you think better and choose the best advice whether it is your own or even for someone else.