Although cell phones have been around for quite some time, they have become a key part of our lives. We use cell phones for anything now such as: texting, social media, calls, schedule planning, etc. Unfortunately, we are choosing to use them at the wrong time and wrong place, while we are driving. As time is going by, we are getting more and more into the phones that we don't care about our personal safety or others safety. Using cellphones while driving can be extremely dangerous to the drivers and others around them for many reasons.

When we are driving it can be exceedingly difficult to focus on the surroundings around us and easy to forget that you are sharing the road with other people and not just yourself. Other drivers take notice when drivers are on their phones whether they want to or not because of the danger they can cause. Erratic driving is something that we all get worked up about because it can make us late or can be inconvenient to us. Drivers also tailgate you because they can't keep the constant speed because they are on their phones. Sometimes pedestrians are killed because people are on their phones and don't pay attention to their surroundings. We may not intend to end someone's life, but we made the poor decision to drive and text so now we must live with that for the rest of our life.

Everyday people die in car accidents because we use cell phones while driving. According to my research the number one leading car accidents are distracted drivers. Research shows that being on your phone while driving can cause the risk 4x more of a horrible crash. Because we use cell phones more often now, we use our phones knowing the danger it could cause because we want to keep in touch with people. They also think that the hand-free is a safe thing to use because they are driving with two hands instead of holding the phone.

Driving with cell phones should be banned because of the many car accidents that they cause, it causes someone's insurance to rise, and it causes concerns to people's health. I think people are more concerned with their conversation than with their own safety and the safety of others. Research has proven that people who use cell phones while driving are more prone to be/cause an accident. People who use cell phones while driving does not have enough focus and mentally capacity to carry out a potentially dangerous activity like driving. It also can be stressful and dangerous while driving because it can cause emotional reactions that could lead to tragedy.

In conclusion, people should stop texting and driving because it can cause serious damage. Not only that it can take someone's life. Texting while driving is a serious problem today because we are on our phones 24/7 and we don't usually put it down. We are distracted by our phones to the point where we shouldn't be able to drive with a phone in the car because of how long we are on our phones. Driving and texting should be banned before we lose more people.      