Hi I am Luke and I want you to become a Sea Going Cowboy. Yes I know what you are thinking, what is a Sea Going Cowboy. Well let me tell you a little bit about it and lets see if you are interested.

A Sea Going Cowboy works for the UNRRA ( the United Nations Relif and Rehababilitation Administration). What I do is I take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shiped over seas.

Some of the benifits of my job is that if you are drafted into the army you can use this job for your service credit. One other benifit of my job is that I had the oppourtunity to see Europe, and China. But seeing the Acropolis of Greece was the best. So was taking a gondola ride in Venice,Italy, a city with streets of water. I also was able have a tour of the great castle in Crete. Plus I was astounted at the Panama Canal on my way to China.

Other benifits you might like if you like agriculture would be getting to feed the horses, clean the stalles. and pulling bales of hay and bags of oats from the lower parts of the ships. I definitly liked this part of the job because I grew up helping out on aunt Katie's farm and loved every minute of it.

Plus on your way home with out any responsibility to take care of the animals. you can play games like, basebal,volyball,table tennis,fencing,boxing,reading. and willting. These games also helped pass time on the way back from your journey across the seas.

But being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than just a adventure for me. This experince made me relize how grateful I am. It also made me aware of people of other countris and their needs. It also opened my eyes up to the world to relize not everything is about me and my little small town, and that there are other peolpe in the world besides me who need help. And that awarenes I was talking about has stayed with me through my whole life. Leading to my family to host a numbe of international students and exchange vistors for many years now. All thanks to my freind Don for persuadeing me to become Seagoing Cowboy.      