Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I believe that you should go with policy one for the new cell phone policy. Students like to have their phones at school. They can easily text their friends during free time and lunch. I would love to have my phone out during free time, to talk to my friends that I can't see until lunch. This policy would make many students happy, and wouldn't try to hide their phones. But if they have their phones out during class, it should be taken away.

Even if we just got to have them out during lunch, that would be great too! Students try to text secretly behind the teacher's backs, but that would change if we were actually allowed to have our phones out during certain times. They would just wait until free time to text people. I do believe that there should still be certain standards, like if you are not using a cell phone properly, it can be taken away. Also if you even see a phone in the classroom, the teacher should be able to take it away and give it back after school is over.

This would also be a good policy because I see teachers text on their cell phones all the time. The rule is supposed to apply to everyone, so why don't teachers get in trouble for it? With this policy, everyone would be allowed the same thing, and would have to wait until some free time. Students get detentions if they are texting during class, but when the teachers text, they don't get in any form of trouble. If you want this school to be a fair community, then you should go with policy one.

If you use policy two, and do not let students have phones at school at all, they will still be trying to text during lunch and free time. It would be better if we were just allowed to have our phones out, instead of having a handful of students in detention for texting. Policy two would also make a lot of students upset because if they would have gotten a chance to be responsible and text only when allowed, they would have taken that opportunity. It would be nice to at least be given a chance to be responsible phone owners.

I hope this letter lets you see how we would handle this situation if you chose policy one. We would appreciate it a lot, and would feel trusted by our principal. Thanks for taking the time to see why we would like to have policy one as our new cell phone policy. We know you are a busy person, and we respect your decision. All we ask for is that we are given a chance to see how policy one would work out.      