Why should teachers make the school summer projects and not students? because they know you and know that you would not challenge yourself as much as possible. During the summer their should be teacher-designed projects because they will better prepare you for whats next, would be less stressful for the student and will challenge you the more than you'd challenge yourself. Some may argue with this position some may argue that you should get to design your own project because its over your summer break and dont wanna do much work, so student-designed projects would be easier because they could make the project easy.

First, teacher-designed projects would better prepare you for whats in the next year over the summer. Teachers would make the projects over what the next year is on. For example, a teacher has gotten an old students feed back on what he faced that year. He did the teacher-designed project and he was prepared for that year because he knew what it was going to be about because the teacher-designed project gave him a sample of what it would be like. Teacher-designed project would in a way help you just like it did to the teachers old student. The preparation would be helpful to all students who completed the project over the summer.

Second, students get projects throughout the year and they are somewhat used to it. Teacher-designed projects would be less stressful on the student because the student wouldnt have to worry about thinking of what to do for the student project. For example,teachers are teachers and they're used to giving projects to students during the year and it would be no different to the teacher by making one for the summer for the next year,but for students it would be harder to make because they're not used to making projects for themselves to complete. Students are used to completing projects not making them so teacher-designed projects would be better for both of them in a way that students are not used to making projects.

Finally, if we were being honest teacher-designed projects would be the most challenging and the most helpful because we all know students wouldnt make it challenging for themselves. They would not give themselves a challenge like a teacher would which wouldnt benefit the students. For example, students in the summer most likely dont wanna do a project at all but since they have to they would want it to be easy to do because they dont wanna waste their summer doing a hard project. they'd know that so theyd just make an easy project,but with a teacher-designed project they could challenge the students during the summer. Although some students may not like that it helps them at the end of the day.

In conclusion,the summer project should be teacher-designed because they will better prepare you for whats next, would be less stressful for the student and will challenge you the more than you'd challenge yourself. choose teacher-designed projects because it will be less stressful for the student and more beneficial for them as well. why choose the teacher-designed project because over the summer all the students would do is learn and do the project which would be less than making the project and completing it as well. So choose the teacher-designed project because we want the best challenge and learning for the students. Make the summer project permanently teacher-designed and make summer learning a challenge now! 