The 'Face' in Space

The Face is a bonafide example of a natural landform. However, some people say that it is an ancient artifact that proves that there is life on Mars. Scientists have said that the Face is just another buttle or Martian mesa, that the Face is just another natural landform and there isn't a face at all. It is just a common landform.

Even if the masses aren't satisfied, the Face will remain just a buttle or Martian mesa. Martian mesas are common enough around Cydonia, the place where the Face was found. The Face only has shadows that make it appear like a face. Conspiracy theorists say that the Face might be evidence of ancient civilization on Mars, but defenders of NASA's budget beg to differ.

Truly, the face is just a natural landform.

As the text states "There wasn't an alien monument after all."The passage also reads that Malin sent a team to capture a more clear picture of the Face. Some said that there might have been hidden alien markings, and they were proven wrong. The Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough to get a clear picture of the Face. As it turns out, there really wasn't a alien monument after all.

In the beginning, there was no face to begin with. The Face only had unusual shadows that made it look like a face. NASA unveiled the image for everyone to see and here in the passage it reads "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose and mouth." This shows that there wasn't a face, just an illusion.

There is the arguement that the Face is evidence of an ancient civilization. At the time the picture of the Face was taken, it was winter. Perhaps the alien markings were hidden by the cloudy haze. Mission controllers even looked again. On a cloudless, summer day, the Mars Global Surveyor drew close enough to take the another picture, in hope there was something that they didn't see. Even so, the scientists were proven right again. The Face was really a mesa, a landform common in Cydonia.

In conclusion, the Face turned out to be a common landform. Just another buttle, another landform, another rock formation, not really a face at all. There is no evidence that there was even a civilization and there wasn't even evidence that there was life to begin with! Again, there could have been alien markings that were covered by the haze, and there could have been life on Mars. Let us face the facts though; in this reality; there isn't a face on Mars, there isn't a civilization on Mars and it is just another landform. 