Are you ever in that one situation where you have to make a difficult decision and you don't know which option is the right one? Seeking advice from others is one of the best ways a person can make a mindful decision. Advice from others can do this by giving different approaches to a problem, relieving stress, and prepare a person for other future choices as well as motivating others. In addition, it's entirely free!

Most people who are involved in making important decisions usually do not call on others for help and are statistically proven to make choices that they later regret. This is mainly due to the fact that people who only listen to their own advice often lack perspective. Perspective from others can help give the decision maker more options and give a clearer view of which decisions are not the best to make. To no surprise, advice from others is the best way a person can use those viewpoints to their advantage. Not only do more options open up to the decision maker but they will also have enough evidence or support to lead to their final decision. Eighty-Nine percent of people who took the advice from peers or friends and looked at a situation in a different viewpoint than their own arrived at a better decision than those who listened to only themselves. Thus, advice from others can lead to more beneficial viewpoints than the advice from one's self.

Majority of the time, the decision maker will stress more and more the longer they try to think of the best choice to make. This is especially true to adolescents when they are a few years away from adulthood. However, relieving this stress has no simpler solution than from the helpful words of fellow advisers. Those who give the advice won't usually understand the stress the decision maker is going through which is why most of the time their advice can be all the more relieving to the decision maker. Just like stress, calmness can also build up within a person which results in smarter final decisions, not the stressful and thoughtless ones. The loss of stress can also find people working more efficiently and calmly. Although, a person can feel the stress within them, they usually intend to ignore it and don't realize the negative impact it has on their decision making. Others could easily notice this and would address this with practical but relieving advice so that the decider may focus on work rather than their conflicting emotions.

Advice from others doesn't necessarily mean it's for one decision. It can be used for future ones and even inspire a decision maker to give it to another. Statistics show that ninety-one percent of those who received advice from others applied it regularly for other problems. Of those nine-one percent of people, around eighty-percent of them shared it with others. These statistics are groundbreaking and show the vast benefits multiple opinions can have on someone. Not only that but advice from others can get people out of the habit of having a closed mindset and offer them new opportunities. From the beginning advice from others has played a big role in shaping the present and will continue to do so for the future. This is only possible however, if people are willing to be less stubborn and listen to others for a change rather than only themselves.

In conclusion the points from above show that advice from other provides many benefits and opportunities which can lead to better decision making. By looking at a different perspective they can identify the most beneficial decisions. Advice from others also relieves the decision maker of the traumatizing stress that builds up within them. Finally, others' advice can help you and others make better future decisions. Remember, the greatest gift from your friends is the influence and advice they have.          