Texting and Driving is Dangerous

Many people use cellphones on a daily basis while driving a car. This is a common practice for some teenagers and is a form of distracted driving known as "Texting and Driving." In many states it is illegal to text and drive. There have been laws adopted in many states to prevent people from texting and driving while in a vehicle. Even though people do it, drivers should not be able to use cellphones in any compacity while operating a vehicle because it takes their eyes away from the road. The use of a cellphone while driving is very dangerous, careless, and cause crashes that hurt and kill people.

Additionally, when driving a car, the driver should be alert and paying attention to their surroundings. The driver should not be dialing, sending a text, or reading Facebook because it stops the driver's concentration from the road. Texting while driving is the cause of more than 58% of crashes involving teen drivers. Life is more important than "I'm close or an OMG" text! It takes five seconds to send a text and five seconds to be the cause of a crash, that can hurt or endanger the lives of other people. The National Safety Council reports that cellphone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year and nearly 390,000 injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting and driving. One out of every four car accidents in the United States is caused by texting and driving.

Furthermore, in Georgia, laws have been made prohibiting the use of cellphones while driving a vehicle. It is illegal to hold a cellphone in your hand or on any part of your body and if violators get caught, you will have to pay a large fine. The law should be enough to stop people from driving and using their cellphones, but it's not. On the news, in Cobb County, the police dresses up as utility workers at various intersections to catch violators using their phones and most of the time they catch a lot of drivers and give out traffic citations.

In conclusion, no one should be on their phone while driving because it is a risk to them and other drivers on the road. Cellphones are a wonderful invention and one of the greatest inventions made by man, but texting while driving is very dangerous and can cause death to other drivers. This can also result into being convicted of murder and life in prison.

References

1. Hafner, Josh. "Drop That Phone: It's Now Illegal to Hold Your Mobile Device While Driving in Georgia." USA Today, Gannett Satellite Information Network, 3 July 2018, www. usatoday. com/story/news/nation-now/2018/07/02/georgia-hands-free-law-bans-holding-phone-while-driving/752752002/.

2. Hg. org, www. hg. org/legal-articles/texting-while-driving-40319.

3. "Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgarsnyder. com, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html.                     