Dear Dr. Generic_Name,

Thank you for taking time out of your day to read my letter, hope you and your staff are doing well. My name is Generic_Name and I'm currently a Junior at Generic_School. I believe that some students should benefit from taking online classes because we won't have to worry about turning in papers late, or having to hearing teachers to put our phones and headphones away, and also I won't worry about owing school lunch money. Online classes is a should and it can also be a shouldn't, and i will explain why its a should.

In school we all panic when we hear a due date, especially when its up close. Students work better at their pace than rather to wait on the teacher, teachers go slow just for the other students get to know what's going on. When taking tests, or quizzes, we seemed to get rush because we only have that class for and hour and some change. In some cases if we don't finish on time they, will ask us to stay after school. Some of our parents work late nights and won't be able to get a ride back home. Also in school we all get distracted so easily, like from fights that happen in school, drama, and class clowns that are not really doing their work. And kids need to concentrate in their work instead of lacking off.

At Generic_School, phones and headphones are a huge problem. Some of us like to listen to music and work better with it, but however, some teachers don't always allow it in the classroom. Classes at home can be such a big change in a good way, we won't get in trouble if we get found using our phones or even listening to music. A lot of teachers find this disturbing and run to writing us up, but they won't understand how much faster your brain functions when listening to music, it gets you more concentrated into your own work.

Our parents work and the school thinks that they make lots of money, due to that cause the school charges us for the food we eat. In some cases we get milk that's been expired, and they dont even notice it. Classes that we can take at home could benefit us here, we have better food at home and wont worry about if the food that we get at school is expired or not. Online classes can be much cheaper than to actually go to school. At home, we can eat breakfast and lunch and not think about that eating breakfast or too early or if eating lunch is too late.

Thank you once again for reading my thoughts, I strongly agree that our students should benefit from taking online classes while being at home.

Sincerely,

Generic_Name