Citizens in the USA , Vauban, Germany and Paris , Bogota,Colombia all have to make changes. Greenhouse affect and pollution from cars is out of proportion. Its about time to make a diffrece so greenhouse effect and pollution dont end everything.

Vauban, Germany has taken extreme measures for an experimental district on the outskirts of Freiburg. Vauban streets are car free for the people who live there. People can own a car but have to pay $40,000 for a space in a garage.70% of families dont own a car; and 57% sold a car to move there. Heidrun Walter said " when i had a car i was always tense , I'm much happier this way''.Vauban has come to be a trend in Europe , United States has started to plan a movement called '' smart planning''. Experts say that ''to reduce greenhouse gas we have to drastically reduce emission from tailpipes''. Passenger cars are responsible for 12% og greenhouse gases in Europe , and up 50% in car-intensive areas in the U.S.A . Vauban has mad suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation and less space for parking. In this new approach stores are placed a walk away on the main street , better then mall in a distant highway.

In paris we never really think of near record pollution we think about love but arent we wrong. Paris enfored a partial driving ban to clear the air of global city. Drivers  where order to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22- euro fine ($31). 4,000 drivers were fined and 27 people had their cars impounded. Congestion was down 60% in the capital of france after five day of intensifying smog. Smog is very rivaled in Beijing , China which is know for being the most polluted cities in the world. Diesael fuel was blamed since France has a tax  policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Smog in Paris has cleard enough for them to recind the ban for odd-number plates.

Bogota , Colomia has a car free day leaving the streets emty. This was third straight year cars have been banned with only busses and taxis permitted for a day. Businessman Carlos Arturo said '' its a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution''. The day without cars has started in the mid-1990s , it has 118 miles of bicyle paths for people to use. Parks and sports centers have also bloomed throughout the city . Restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. The rates of car ownership per household has come down two. If this pattern persist greenhouse gas effect will go down.

Transportation is the second largest source in America ; But people not buying cars will have a negative implication for car industry. Mimi Sheller states diffrent facts 1)internet makes people communicate  without driveing 2)the rise in cellphones and car pooling has facilitated more felxible commuting arrangements. A study last year found that young people dereased 23% between 2001 and  2009 .

Lastly Citizens in the USA , Vauban, Germany and Paris , Bogota,Colombia all have to make changes. Thier changes have madE it less smog. People are more commute to having no cars ; the get out more and enjoy thier walk to the park to the store more then being rush to drive in traffic. When the now car day comes to America people will be mad but have to understand you cant pollute the world you need the world to live.                                                     