Bycicles. Walking. Public buses.  All three are alternatives to driving a car to arrive at places that you need to go.  Some believe that having an automobile is essential to everyday life.  Others may say that cars are unnecessary and a pollutant in our society.  There are many advantages of limited car usage.

Limiting the use of cars could help reduce the amount of pollutants in our environment.  In Source two, it states, "Cold nights and warm air caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emission."  This tells us that car emissions are being caught in the air due to the weather, causing a layer of smog to settle over congested cities.  By limiting the use of automobiles, the layer of smog was able to vanish, but if we were able to limit cars permanently, then we would not have to worry about it in the first place.  In Source four, it tells us that, "If the pattern persists... it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions."  This proves that car emissions are harmful to the environment and that future generations are at risk because of the pollution already in the air.  Also, the statement shows that Americans are very dependant on transportation, but are unwilling to try a different method such as walking and biking.  By reducing the number of cars on the road, our environment would be helped tremendously.

Having to worry about driving a car may produce more stress in a persons life.  In Source three, it says, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."  This tells us that riding in an automobile, while the roads are very crowded, causes people to worry about whether or not they are going to be in an accident.  Also, it has been proven that exercise helps to lower stress, and by riding a bike instead of driving a car, stress may be lowered by simply using your resources to get where you need to go.  In Source one, it tells us, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier now. (Heidrun Walter, mother of two)."  This proves that people are worried about their car and if it might break down, or something worse.  Something can always go wrong with a car, whether it be trouble with the engine or you accidently locked your keys inside, and it becomes very expensive when you have to fix a small blunder.  By limiting car ownership, less people have to worry about their automobile.

A great alternative to owning a car is public transportation.  In Source four it explains, "They organize their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take public transportation or car-pool with friends."  By uses others means of tranportation, it makes it very convenient for kids to meet up with their friends for a while, and still get to where they need to go.  Also, public transportation is much cheaper than buying a car and gas for it, and it helps reduce the number of cars on the road.  In Source two, it tells us that "Public transit was free of charge for Friday to Monday."  By taking the bus that the government provided people received free transportation, allowing them to not have to worry about parking, gas prices, or potential accidents.  They could travel wherever they needed to go on a very convinient mode of transportation for no cost to them.  Public transportation, or car-pooling, is an amazing way to lower the number of cars on the road, while still providing people with a way to be driven to the destination they need to get to.

Automobiles, the plugs to the sinks of the streets of the world, seem to clog up the efficient system of transportion.  Parents, workers, and athletic kids alike are affected by the large number of cars on the road.  By reducing the number of cars on the road, there would be a direct impact on our environment, emotions, and future generations.    