In my opinion i think that having driverless cars is a good idea. Many people are very distracted during car rides and do not know how to pay attention to the road. Having drivereless cars will be a good thing for the community becuase it can help nervous drivers get through traffic safetly, help stop texting and driving, and it notifies people of their surrounding so that they will not run into things while driving.

Driveless cars allow people to be notified of their surrounding so that they will not run into things. For example, " GM has developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger of backing into an object." This feauture allows the driver to know when it should stop reversing by adding vibrations to your seat so that they will not hit anything. When the driver feels the vibration it will know that there is an object neerby and it is necessary for them to stop. This will cause less accidents and make it safer for people to drive. The " blind spot" while driving will not longer be a problem while driving because you will now have a sensor that tells you when you are to close to an object making it safer to drive.

A lot of people text and drive or talk on the phone while driving even if they know it is not the safe thing to do. The driveless car has a feature called" In-car entertainment and information system" that allows people to do this while not putting there life in danger. The text states, " Some manufaturers hope to bring in car intertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over- something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone" People will have the opportunity to text while the car is driving but as soon as the car is in need of the driver it will take away the feauture so that the driver will not be texting while driving so that will not be putting their life or other peoples life in danger.

The driveless car has a "Trafic Jam Assistant". Some people get really nervous while driving in traffic causing them to get overwhemled and maybe even cause an accident. The " Traffic Jam Assistant" can help stop that by helping get through traffic safely. For example, " Traffic Jam Assistance .. The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure that the driver keeps hold of the wheel." This feauture will allow drivers some assistance getting through traffic jams. Going at 25 mhp, and sensors that allow it to detect objects near by traffic jams will no longer be a scary experience for drivers.

I think that driveless cars are good for the future. It will help nervous drivers get through traffic jams easily, notify people of their surroundings to make sure they do not crash into things, and help stop texting and driving accidents. People live busy and hectic lives and sometimes driving under stress is not safe. The driveless car will help make less accidents for people and a safer driving experience for everyone.   