Dear Principle,

February 9th, 2011

I have heard some talk about you reconsidering our schools cell phone policy. I believe that cell phone policy number one(to allow students to use their cell phones during lunch a free times) would be a wonderful decision for these reasons.

First of all, if students were allowed to use their phones during lunch and free times, it would make them happy. For some unknown reason, teenagers have some sort of special connection or bond with their cell phones. I think that if we could use our cell phones during down time, there would be less detentions given out for using phones in class because students would have a chance to look at their precious phones and just to talk to somebody in another class.

Secondly, I think that a good reason for having phones allowed in free time is that students would be less rebellious of the cell phone policy. If a student gets their phone taken away in class, it could just be for something silly like the ringer going off. Teachers always assume that they are texting and take the phone away. If the phone policy was that we were allowed to use phones in free time we could turn the volume down to silence without it being taken away.

Finally, students are always sneaky about texting in class, and there is almost always someone texting during class. When a students caught texting in class, teachers assume that they are talking about a test or class work. That is almost never true only because the last thing we would want to talk about is school. Adding on to that, most of the times we are texting our parents because we forgot our lunch or PE uniform. When a teacher's phone goes off in class, the worst thing that could happen is that they get a few smirks from the students. If they can text during class it is only fair that we should be able to as well.

In conclusion, I believe that the best cell phone policy would be that students would be allowed to have their phones during lunch and free time, as long as their cell phones were turned off during class time. this would be the best choice because it would satisfy students, make them less rebellious of the cell phone policy, we would not have to be so sneaky, and it would be fair between teachers and students. Please consider this policy.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME