The Author supposrts the idea of Venus being worthy of exploring dispite the challanges by stating in Paragraph 8 "Striving to meet the challanges presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likey lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors". This leads me to belive that if us as humans dont proceed to learn more about this planet we are not going to gain any knowladge and we will never know about the new dicovories we could have made. The Author also continues on about how Venus was belived to be filled with oceans and supported various forms of life and is reffered to as the Earths "twin". So this leads me to think that there is more out there than dangerous carbon dioxide blankets, clouds of corrosive acid and above boiling point tempatures. There possibley couldve been life.

This makes me agree with the Author's statemet even dispite the dangers Venus has. With it being so close to Earth and once possibly having living life forms on it. It makes me belive that we should be leanring more about it and building machines to study the materials of this planet. Us Humans make discoveries everyday and we build extrordinary things that you would only see in movies. I definitly think that one day we could build a machine to substand the harsh tempatures and dangerous chemicals Venus has. WIth listening to the Author points i belive that this could open new doors for us and maybe even one day visit the planet. In Paragraph 6 the author states that " Many reaserchers are working on innovations that woud allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaninfuly to our knowladge of Venus"

This shows me that NASA and other astrologers have already began to try making machines to one day travel to Venus.

Soon one day we will have discoverd the planet of Venus and have learned many new things. This could possibly lead to new discoveries about tecnology and maybe even one day about human life. But we have to use our natural human instict of wanting to know more to find these amazing things. Thats why I agree with the authors statment that we should continue studying Venus despite the dangers it presents.            