The author in "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports his idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers in a good manner. The author gives serveral valid reasons as to why is should be explored and gives a logical explanation or solution as to the reasons why it shouldn't be. Everyday we're facing problems here on Earth and the idea of another planet that humans could possibly live on if things got too bad on Earth is amazing which could be possible in Venus is explored.

The given fact that Venus was "Often referred as Earth's twin" already gives hope that it could hold human life as we hold human life here on Earth now. Given, that wouldnt be possible without exploring it. Long ago, Venus held various forms of life and terrains such as some of the ones on Earth. Even today Venus still has some features similar to the ones on Earth. If safely explored it could possibly return back to that state and eventually become our prime place of shelter if tragedy strikes on Earth.

NASA is already working on safe approaches to study and explore Venus while working around its dangerous features. Stated is the article, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray" Although that isn't necessarily studying it up close its a start and will give researchers more data to possibly make it safe to study in the future.

The author not only greatly supports his idea by giving facts and information about exploring venus but also includes that fact that an organization as big as NASA is already looking into the idea of exploring Venus. If exploring Venus wasnt a good idea NASA would be spending time or effort on it. The author goes as far into giving the solutions and idea researchers have come up with so far to face Venus's hostile conditions. Not only will exploring Venus benefit us humans in the long run by providing us with more information about the plant but as stated in the article, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."