The elecoral college is a group of electors that vote for the president and vice-president. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens." (What Is The Electoral College, 1) They consist of 538 electors and you need a majority of 270 in order to be elected. They are wrong because they take the majority vote from the state's population and turn it into electoral votes (which is a "winner-take-all" system), and they can be anyone not holding public office (which can bring opinions into play, such as segregation).

The first and most important reason the electoral college is wrong is because they are based off of majority vote. This is bad because people who voted for the other party don't even get counted in the electoral votes. For instance, if there is a population of 1,000,000 people in a state and 600,000 of the people vote for one party, the majority goes to that party, but what about the other 400,000 people that voted for their party. And don't forget the 2000 election between Gore and Bush. Al Gore had the popular vote, yet lost the presidency. How does this make any sense? This leads to my final reasoning of why the electoral college is wrong...

The electoral college is wrong because the electors can be anyone not holding public office.  Anyone not in public office could be basically anyone, even you or me. This can cause problems; such as opinion, racism, etc. They could want somebody to become president because of their skin color or their political party. For example, "in 1960 segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy." (The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, 11) What if this happens again? We could have a president that nobody even elected for as president and our government could drastically change.

Even though the electoral college is wrong, there is one good thing about it. This is because the "certainty of outcome" (In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, 15). Which mean that usually the electoral votes and the popualr votes usually coincide with each other, where both are for the same person. For instance, "in 2012's election Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral vote and 51.3 percent of the popular vote" (In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, 15). So this mean that for both electoral and popular he had the majority of the votes.

All in all, I agree with "Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO" with "abolishing the electoral college!" (In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, 15). Especially with the "winner-take-all" point of it. I think that the population should choose the president off of their opinions instead of being forgotten if their not in the majority vote. Everyone's vote should count. This would be a lot more fair to everyone.    