Dear Principle,

I have heard you have been considering a new cell phone policy. Cell phones at school are not only used as communication between friends but also for other reasons. Most kids do want to use cell phones for the sole purpose of communicating between friends outside and inside the classroom. However there is always the exception. There are also many other students that use their cell phones for the purpose of contacting their parents and letting them know about important information about the day.

For this reason I am suggesting accepting the first cell phone policy where students can still use their cell phones at the appropriate time.

First there are the unexpected events that occur throughout day to day. For a child who gets picked up daily by their parents, if an event occurs that restricts the parent from picking up their child that day the parent needs to contact their child and let them know about the situation. Usually the parent will call the school and have them let their child know about the change in events but the child is not always informed. Most parents will still call their child as a precaution because they want to make sure that their child is up to date about the situation.

Next there is a change in a school event that a student planned to attend. If there was an after school activity or program going on that a student planned to attend, but got changed due to various reasons, that student would need a way to contact their parent or legal guardian to come pick them up. These change in events can happen frequently due to weather, or other events that restrict the ability to have that certain event.

Lastly is for the purpose of communicating between friends. Cell phones are not an essential but can help student relieve stress and pressure from the school day. I understand about not letting them have cell phones in the classroom but there should be no problem for usage of the item outside the classroom. Many students want to have some sort of entertainment to occupy them when needed. This policy will let students have that entertainment and still focus on school work.

All in all, cell phones can be used for many different reasons during a school day. If its from unexpected events to just plain entertainment, cell phones serve a purpose in today's society. The first policy, like I have mentioned before, should be allowed due to many different reasons. I sincerely hope you can see my reasoning and make the right decision for this policy.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME