"Two minds is greater than one," is a common saying that means two people generate more brain power than just one person. A lot of time this is the case because having two people instead can help see more sides of an issue or problem, and if the first person misses something, the other is there to pick up on it. Many individuals go to multiple people when seeking out advice. This can help the person make a better decision because they can address multiple viewpoints, and there is more knowledge in when there are more people.

Talking to more than one person can help you make a better decision because you are listening to multiple viewpoints about your problem. This gives you the ability to choose what you which advice to follow. For example if you are seeking out advice on which ice cream flavor to choose, and your mom says chocolate while your dad says vanilla, you have narrowed down the options to just two which you now get the freedom to choose between. Having different viewpoints gives you other options if you don't like one. If you only get advice from one person, and you are unsatisfied with their advice, you don't have any other options. With multiple viewpoints you have more advice if you are unhappy with one person's. Generally speaking, people give advice based off of what they would do in that situation. When you have different people's advice you get the opportunity to see what they would do if they were in your place. A lot of the times, different types of people will do different things in the same situation. Getting viewpoints from different types of people can help you make a decision based on what you want to do and what you are comfortable with doing. Using multiple viewpoints helps you make a better decision because it gives you choice, and helps you base your decision off others.

Talking to more than one person when seeking out advice can help you make a better decision because the more people you talk to, the more knowledge you receive. The knowledge and advice from many people can help create more ideas then the knowledge of just one. If you talk to two people that each give you two ideas to solve your problem, that's more than one person who gives you three ideas to solve your problem. Talking to more people gives you more ideas to sort through and more options to choose from so you can make a better decision. Many adults gain wisdom and knowledge from past experiences. When you seek advice from adults, their advice usually come from these experiences, and from when they encountered the same issues. Talking to more than one adult will give you the knowledge of multiple experience. Different approaches to a problem will lead to different outcomes and talking to more than one adult with past experiences can assist you in learning what approaches to certain problems work, and which ones do not. You can make a good decision based on the knowledge of the people you talk to. The more people you converse with, and the more knowledge you receive, the better your choice will be. Talking to more people can help you make a better decision because the more people you talk to, the more knowledge you receive.

Seeking out advice from more than one person can help you create a better choice, because you are gaining more than one viewpoint on the issue, and there is a greater amount of knowledge in a greater amount of people. Adressing multiple viewpoints gives you multiple options, and allows you to choose the better one. Receiving more knowledge, and talking to people with experience can help you make the best possible choice. In conclusion, due to the larger amount of options and greater amount of knowledge from more people, talking to more people for advice can help you make a better choice. 