In the article the narriator states "the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." Even with a human drive. We still wreck. No matter how smart cars get, their will always be accidents. It a way of life. I think that we shoudnt have driverless cars. I think that will just cause a bigger problem to the problems that we already have now.

Technology has gliches all the time. People hack into things all the time. I think that if we get cars that drive themself that people will evenutally find a way to hack into them and cause them to wreck or cause them to go somwhere that their not supposted to go. If your going on a logn road trip and your car is driving its self and dosent need any of your assisance. Your proabably going to fall asleep. Once your asleep yo dont know whats going on and your car can take you somewhere that you never palnned to go. It only takes one person to hack into a car and take it where its not supposted to go before mroe and more people start to do it. It cousd increase murders and kidnappings. Especially if its a young teenage girl in the car. I think that their could be some really bad outcomes of that.

If cars start to drive them self. What if the internet goes down one day. Or maybe the power goes out. What are you to do then? I think that technology is taking over the world as we know it.

Someday something bad is going to happen because of that. Weither we realize it or not now. it will eventually happen now. Everyone is so attatched to the cell phones and the internet. They cant go a day without it.

I think that insted of trying to think of ways to make cars smarter. We should think of ways to make cars better for the enviroment. We should be thinkign of wasy to make this earth that we live on cleaner and healtier for otu kinds and people in the future to live on. Make it last a lot longer than it will if we keep destroying it with all this toxic and poisiness agees that keep killign it. Landfills are getting bigger everyday and out population keeps expanding. Evenutally were gonna run outta room and were nto goign to have enough good soil to plant on anymore. Were gonna have to make somebigger changes if we want this earth to last and makign care drive them self isnt one od them. Thats just stupid. If your lazy enough to not want to drive yourself around than you shoudl be driving. But thats just the way that i think. Thats just my opinion. Out of billions in the would its just one.