Phones and Driving

Over the past few years, cell phones have been upgrading thanks to the use of modern technology. Phones are like everyone necessity in living. Humans have the tendency to use their phones wherever they go, like making a call in the bathroom or checking their social media during a meeting or texting while driving the most well-known situation. Seems these devices always get the best of us making it a priority for us to check it because everyone seems to depend on them. Using cell phones while driving to text, place phone calls, or hand free-devices should be forbidden for the safety and protection of everyone on the road. Here are some causes as to why it is unacceptable to use a phone while driving.

Texting while driving has remained a tremendous influence on teenagers and young adults because of the use of technology has impacted this era strongly. When people hear their notification going off it triggers them to check their phone immediately on the spot. This causes accidents to occur because humans are too negligent to abide by the rule. If people can merely follow the law of the road and not examine their messages or attempt to respond until they make it to their destination with no accident occurring the rate of people dying in a car accident will reduce.

People believe that making phone calls is safer than texting. Well think again, people tend to get way into their conversation on the cellular phone that they don't concentrate on what doing causing things to go up in flames. For instance, cooking a meal for the family but suddenly receiving a call from a relative becoming too caught up after a long time, an hour pass the food starts to burn all because of a phone call imagine that happening on the road. But certain circumstances it can be understandable. For example, say that a loved one called for something that may be urgent or cannot be postponed then safely stop somewhere off the road to get out of harm way and answer it. These moments can be crucial to the life of another. So just wait for an appropriate time to use the cellular device.

Nevertheless, hands-free devices. These machines allow people to talk on the phone while maintaining control over the vehicle, however, it can still be risky. Inquiries have shown that chatting with someone on the telephone forces the cerebellum into using most of its strength into the conversation. This indicates that a limited amount of the brain's focus is direct attention on operating the car. This could also determine a discussion with someone in the vehicle is highly threatening, so if this were to be combined with a poor response, it must be cope with an awkward hands-free earpiece to wear which can be inconvenience due to the static or wind, its just a serious disturbance.

To sum up, phones and driving don't go well together. For it has caused too much unfortunate accidents and damage for us and can do more in the future. If the situation can't wait, you can always stop and look for a place to park so you can return the call or text. As for hands-free devices, they can be useful but just wait for the appropriate time to handle it, for it can be inconvenient at the time. Smartphones use should be taken to consideration for people have been abusing the use of this for too long. It may be as inaccessible, but if taken into thought the lives that would be saved this is a worthy sacrifice. There won't be a loss of nearly as numerous juvenile lives to talk or texts if they know their permission could be taken if they chose to continue this act.

Last Name 2            