Imagine being a student on summer break and still letting your teacher decide what project you are doing, would you want that? While some may say that teacher designed projects over the summer time are better, I disagree with that statement. Letting students make their own projects for summer lets them have more creativeness, it makes the project easier on them, and could lets them enjoy their projects a lot more since they dont have to follow some guidelines. I know I would want to have a student designed project especially since its summer time. When students get their own student designed project it lets them have more creativeness, easier projects, and lets them have more fun with their project.

When a student gets to design his or her own project it lets them be creative which will lead to a better project. Creativeness leads to great things, something that is emphasized by almost every teacher. In addition, a student project that is designed by them is the science fair and some amazing projects come out of that every year. When you are stuck following guidelines their is not much to do with your project, when I had to make my own project I got an A+ on it. Creativeness leads to overall better projects, which teachers will like more.

Students making there own project lets them have an easier time with the project. They know the own guidelines and rules since they designed the project. I know when I was in this situation I benefited a lot from letting me make my own guidelines to follow make the project easier for me to do. When the project is easier that gives me more motivation to do it, so all my time spent on the project is productive. Students benefit a lot when they are doing something that comes easy to them.

While making your own project it lets you enjoy your time working on the project. Working on a project where you are having fun and enjoying yourself is a much better experience than just slugging it out. Their is a saying that "time flies when you're having fun," that could apply to the project too. When Im having fun it leads to better results and a less amount of work time. Also, why would a teacher not want you to have fun while you're on summer break.

Some could argue that teacher designed projects are better due to them being more structured and proper. Student designed projects are still the better option, when a student is creative it leads to an overall better project. They also have an easier time with the project, which leads to more motivation to do the project and get it over with. Also , actually enjoying the project leads to an overall better and less amount of work time. Student designed projects are the way to go because, it lets them be creative, makes the project easier, and lets them enjoy their time working on the project.         