Dear Senator,

I believe that we should keep the Electoral College voting instead of changing it because it produces a clear winner, shows what percentage of the state voted for whom and is easier to count the votes.

It produces a clear winner because instead of doing it by numbers it is by percentages. If you see it in percntages you will know right away. If we were to change it to most popular vote you would not get an exact number so you would have to tally up and see who is the winner. It states that it produces a clear winner by the percentages.

It shows what state voted for whom. What I mean by that is on the map it will show if the state voted more for Republican or Democratic. If 60% of the state voted for a Republican than it shows what percent. Instead of counting out those long numbers they can just add up all the percentages and get their winner right there.

It is a lot easier to count all the votes because if it shows that 60% of the state voted for Republican than that goes into the books. So instead of counting each and every vote they just add up all the percentages and then they have their clear winner.

If we were to change to most popular vote it would not be fair because it does not show an exact number or percentage. It would become another war because if it just shows most popular vot instead of who is really good for the job our world would become an aweful place to live in. You dont know if that person is truly able to be put into that job.

Yes there are some pros and cons to this but would you rather be put into office for most popular votes, not the most votes. Or would you rather be put into office saying I beat this guy in the race and I won fair and square.

We should keep the Electoral Collage in session because it produces a clear winner, showes a percentage of votes for each state and is a lot easier to count all the votes. Lets not change what is already going well for us. Keep it going. Dont stop it now.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME            