Is giving students homework during their Summer Break a good thing? Does it allow them to retian information and hopefully use it for next year? But even better, should these students be even given the privelage of assigning their own homework? No,Its up to the teachers to give teacher-designed projects for the students because they know what to teach us ,how to teach us,and ultimately whats best for us,students can't be trusted to assign their own project,and teachers know what things we have to know for next year.

Teachers are people we go to when we need to learn things. They give us the answers we're seeking for. When assigning projects,they don't just make it easy for you. They make it a challenge ,not just because they want to or because we think they don't like us. It's because they know what's best for us. They know what's best for us in a way that a parent knows what's best for their children. When I was younger my mom always made sure I hung out with the right group of people. She said "son ,when you're older you'll understand one day when you have kids of your own."Now I wasn't really fond of this ,but it ended up helping me out in the future when she told me to stop hanging out with this group of certain people who always used to mess around in class and they got caught throwing fart bombs in class and the whole group got in trouble. I'm getting a little off track here, but the point im trying to make here is ,teachers know what's best for us. They know how to teach,what to teach,the best way to teach us ,and what is best to teach us.

Its not every day that the teachers give us a chance to assign our own projects. This would be a once in a lifetime opportunity that the teachers are giving us. The ability to choose our own project. WOW! I wish we were mature enough to handle that responsability. But,the truth is we would make it as easy as possible. You may be thinking heck yea that sounds perfectly fine to me. But,in doing that you would defeat the whole point of doing the Summer project in the first place. Let's think,what"s the whole point of doing this project. Is it because we have all that freetime during break that they want us doing something productive? Or because we have nothing better to do? Its to help prepare us for next year and what we might learn. I have to admit ,I forget pretty much everything I learn last year. Which is super bad because when I get into the next school year that information from last year that i forgot could be needed in the class for next year. Which it is why it's important that we make it a challenge and acyually know what we need to study. So that we can retain more information. That is why kids can't be trusted to assign their own project.

The last and final reason why teachers should assigning our summer project is because they know what we need to learn for next year. Going into the new school year is really hard when we have to come in and learn things we've never seen before in our life. But, with teahcers assigning our projects,we could maybe get an idea of what we're learning. That would be extraordinarely helpful to kids who have a hard time learning because with projects being assigned to us ,we could finally study over break with information we'll be using next year. Giving us better grades ,and dont we all just love good grades. They boost our confidence up .And showing your parents your all "A" report card can be lifechanging. Ultimately this is why teachers should assign our projects over Summer Break.

In teachers assigning our Summer Break projects ,we have a better opportunity at passing the coarses in the following school year,We have something to do over break,and it gives us extra brain work and hepls us grow our school brains. Allowing us to be succeseful and setting us up for greatness in the upcoming school year. Teachers know what we should study and how we should study in order to retain the information needed to be learned and revised.