I believe that "Driverless Cars" are the next big thing to this world. Millions of people use cars today and have a chance of injury or worse. If a car could drive itself or be more alert of things around it, the problem of crashing wouldn't be there anymore. The beginning of driverless cars is already here so why be against something that has already made the world a safer place. As it says in paragraph seven that they can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves without any human touch.

The reason I am not against driverless cars is that a person close to me was saved from a car crash with a automatic brake system. If that person was to have moved alittle more without the brake system they wouldnt be here today. Another reason is if a car could drive itself there would be more time to get stuff done on the way to your destination. If your a busy worker or a kid with homework due, then during that time you could get things done.

On the other end of the argument, we haven't come that far to make a driverless car. Sometimes machines mess up and cause problems and that could happen to this. There should be a button or something like that to switch a driverless car back to a normal car. We just dont have enough technology to do a driverless car and to make one now would be dangerous.

But in the future these cars could make things alot better for the world. Car crashes wouldnt happen and the pollution from cars would be alot less because of how much gas they take. They will make the world cleaner and get you to your destination faster. In my life time I hope to see a driverless car and get to be in one. People that are not aloud to drive like the elderly or teens without a license could go anywhere without any danger.

The idea of a driverless car is just amazing and I know im not the only one that would love to see one. In the future normal cars should be tossed and recycled to be made into new driverless cars. I would feel a lot safer being behind a car that knows everything then being behind my two hands.   