Summer break is that time of the year where students are fresh out of school. They immediately start what has been planned prior to their break starting, but always forget one thing which is the information that they have been taught. Summer projects happen in some schools, but these projects should be student-designed. Student-designed projects allow for students to work in many ways to gain information and students can limit themselves as to how much they want to learn.

There are many ways a student can learn information. An example of this is a site called KhanAcademy which can be used to learn any subject. This site has a lot of information that can be learned, especially when it comes to the people who struggle in math and they can visualize what is being shown through an instructional video on how to do things. Another way to learn during the summer is by reading books and articles online or at a local library. Elementary schoolers to this day still read over the summer and keep track with their reading log in order to improve their reading skills, but some schools offer rewards for learning over summer break. Having a student design their own project can allow them to use as many resouces as they want like each other. A family member, friend, or associate can teach them something they don't know or have struggled on.

Students should be able to limit themselves when trying to learn something new or old, if they do not understand it. Allowing students to do this can help them out on knowing how to prioritze and can help them to become a self starter without needing guidance from a teacher. Some people feel the need to learn more than they do in school because what has been learned can be useful in their daily lives. For example, using the skills learned in a family and consumer science class can be used out in the real world such as how to shop for groceries, take care of clothing, etc. Learning more can essientially make things in life easier while being in and out of school. Information like this can be shared with one another in order for their lives to be easier as well.

Although, student-designed summer projects can show how creative and organized a student can be, not all students are capable of wanting to learn over the summer because they are not motivated enough to do so. They would rather focus on what fun they will be doing during the summer because they feel like enough has been learned throughout the school year. Some students will continue to procrastinate on designing their own project that would be given before the break even starts.

Being able to come back to school next year will be less stressful without trying to remember things that have been forgotten about over a certain period of time. It is always best to stay up-to-date with all the things that are taught. It also feels nice to carry around knowledge known to themselves, but not to others. Students may be updated with their knowledge to the point where they might show their teachers a few things. This is why summer projects should be student-designed.