Deciding whether or not to allow students to use or carry their phones around in school is really hard to decide. I think they should allow students to use their phones during all the free time they have, but that they should be turned off during class time. Having at least some time to use your phone is a lot better than not having it at all. Concentration is a big factor of this policy. Sometimes you just have to communicate with certain people sometimes, which is one of the things that really makes me agree with this policy.

Having some time to use your phone is better than not being allowed to use it at all. I am a strong believer that kids should be able to use their phones at least during their free time during school. The only time students have to relax for a little while during school hours is lunch, and they don't really have the freedom to do what they please, especially if they are going to be playing around. I think that if students are given the opportunity to use their phones during lets say, lunch hours, then they will be at least a little less hyper or uncontrollable.

I believe the only reason why i agree with the section of the policy that states that their phones have to be turned off during class time is the concentration issue. I know, because I see it all the time, if you give students permission to use their cell phones when ever they please, they will take advantage, and they will use the phone during all class time. In my opinion, having a phone at you reach and being allowed to use it is a temptation no one can resist. It is guaranteed that if you give a phone to a student, and you tell that student that they can use the phone when ever they please, they will be using it 24/7. Maybe if you tell that student that they are allowed to use their phone during all their free time, but not during class time, most will follow instructions.

Students should always be carrying their phones, even if they are turned off, mainly because of emergencies. In middle school, students are no longer allowed to go around the hallways with a friend, but that is exactly why they should have some type of communication with someone else, in case something happens. When a parent wants to communicate with their child as soon as possible, or vise-versa, they are obviously going to do it through they child's phone, even though they both know that it is not supposed to be done this way. During emergencies, like the killings there have been in schools, the way that the students have been able to communicate with their families or with the police was through their mobile devices. Your cell phone can literally save your life, and the ones of others.

I think that this policy should be put in use all over the country because it is better to have your phone for a while and not for it to be prohibited, it is a great way for kids to have good concentration during class time, and for them to communicate when it is needed. If i were a school principal, i would immediately agree with this policy and i would implement it. Students would be perfectly ok with having to have their phones turned off during a period of time that isn't too long.