Summer projects, one of the most boring things to do during the summer break. Although they can be boring we have to accept the fact that they help with our education by not forgetting important key parts of our education such as the math we are taking. If we let the students make their own summer project it'll just become a disaster. Teachers should be in charge on what the summer project looks like and the structure of the project mostly because they know exactly what is needed of the student to do during the summer for them to be ready for the next year, students would design the the project as if it were the most easiest thing in the world, and although the kids can actually make it interesting and relevant to them they will also make it easier for the students to associate with other students for the answers of the project.

One of the major reasons that the teachers should design the projects for the summer is that they know what is expected for the year coming up and gets them ready for what's about to come. This may include some math problems that will help you remember things from the year that just ended so that way the students won't be all sorts of puzzled. In English class you can get kids to read a book so they don't forget their diction by making the students go in depth with their understanding of the book and the symbols presented in the book they are assigned. For example the summer before my 9th grade year when I was ready to begin the IB program at Generic_School. The teacher made us read a book of the few that they let us choose from and they made us go in depth with everything we have to read so that got me ready for the 9th grade year. Everything we did through out my 9th grade year was relatively simple since i already did for the summer.

Another major reason that teachers should be the ones designing the summer projects is because students, like most of us in the world, would make it easy because they will be wanting to try to have more time with lets say family, friends, play games, doing something that they love not stuck doing something that will not be any sort of fun except for the few that actually are super studious. From my experience as a high schooler there is multiple people cheat just because they want more time to spend to themselves, so if the students create the project themselves they would make it really easy because of the same reason I said earlier, they want to have more free time. For example when ever my teacher would make us pick whatever section of question we can answer my peers and I would pick the most easiest mostly because we know that we will have more times to goof off, its just a human thing most of us just find the easiest way out for things.

Although students may argue that they can actually make the project for interesting and more relevant for them. Yes, that is true, but what is the point of making a project interesting and relevant if i they dont seem to find the motivation to do it so they just end up cheating like some of the kids do. They can also argue that free time is really important, but if it wasn't for the teachers and the work they give we wouldn't know anything including them because they had teachers also so they know whats best for us. and yes free time is important but in reality youre wasting your time just goofing off and losing time that you could be working to be ready for the next school year and you wouldnt be able to forget the things you did during the past school year.

In conclusion teachers should be the ones to design the summer project because they know whats best for us for the school year coming up, the students would make everything super easy and they could cheat with a simple wink, and lastly students may argue that they can make it more relevant but in reality they are making the project less time consuming and they will have more free time. Summer projects is a topic that have really good opinions and facts for both sides on students and the teachers but teachers just want you to succeed and they push you to do so even if thats doing 50 problems for math or read a book and go in depth on what you have to read its just teachers want to see us become the next J.K. Rowling or the next Einstein, they just want us to succeed.