Extracurricular Activities are like music; some people like it, others do not. The principal at my school has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I disagree, for the students may be shy, busy, or have money problems at home.

To begin with, students could be shy. Being shy and put on the spot in front of a group could build anxiety or stress. If they work better alone, being apart of any extracurricular activity means that you work with other kids.

The students may not be athletic, or may not like the clubs the school offers.

For instance, if a student is shy and he or she has to work with a group and express ideas, or if they join a team and have to do certain tricks, their anxiety and stress may increase.

Also, children can be busy, they have a life outside of school just like everyone else.

They might have to take care of others.

When taking care of others its hard to go to a club or sport after school, because when you get home your tired from your long day

.

That is not fare to the students because when they get home they will be tired, have to do homework, and take care of somebody.

The kids may have appointments, like doctors appointments dentist appointments, or therapy appointments.

Some appointments can be every night, depending on the circumstances but no one should miss their appointment.

For example, a students has therapy appointments three times a week with his therapist he should not have to miss his appointments for any club or sport.

In addition, kids may have money problems. They might not have a car, or money to get transportation. They probably do not walk home because by the time for them to leave it would be dark and their parents do not want them to walk home.

If they join a club they might have to buy a shirt, or if they join a team they might not have money for uniforms.

Specifically, if a student does not have transportation at home, and does not have money for other transportation, then he would not be able to go.

In conclusion, I do not think that having an extracurricular activity is needed for all students. I think this unfair, granted that they can build social skills, and spend less time on electronic devices.

In my opinion they should not be forced to join a extracurricular activity. I think they should encourage it but not force it.