You always ask your parents, teachers, or other family members for advice. Advice means a wise opinion from someone. Asking for advice is very important to learn for when you get older. Asking for help can help you make the right decision, it helps you find out who your friends are, and it will make you dependable for other people to ask you for advice.

First, it will help you make the right decision. Making the right decison is very important when you are dealing with school, jobs, or even cleaning. Asking for advice in school is very important. You can ask your teachers for advice when you are struggling with a subject. Even when you ask your friend for some advice to ask out a girl or boy. When you ask advice in your job is helpful too. When you ask your co-worker if you should ask your boss for a raise, or when you ask your boss if you can move up a position in your career area. When you are cleaning, that is totally different. Asking advice from your parents/guardian about what should you clean next. Two reasons to do that. One, it keeps you out of trouble. Two, it helps your parents/guardian by making them do less work around the house. Expecially if they have a job outside of the house.

Next, it helps you find out who your friends are. If they are your friend they would give you the best advice possible. That has happend to me before, a friend giving me advice that got me in a whole lot of trouble. He wasn't my true friend. Don't have a friend like that, you need to have a reliable, nice, relaxed, truthful, and expecially likes the same things you do. Its helps grow a bond like no other. Asking advice from your friends can be a good thing and a bad thing. Always be careful of a friends advice.

Last but not least, it helps make you dependable for other people to ask you for advice. You may need some advice sometimes, but you can still give people some advice. Giving advice will make them belive you are a really good friend. It is always nice to give back advice but always try to make it positive. If you don't, You can loose a lot of friends. A positive word of wisdom, "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger."

In conclusion, Advice is not always a bad thing. You just need to be careful where you get it from. Its is good to get advice because it can make you dependable for advice, it can help you find out who your friends are, and helps you make the right decision. I am going to give you some advice,"don't worry about the small things,live life to the fullest."