Do you get tired of consistently waking up early every morning just to attend school? The school system has a way of impacting individual's lives simply due to the fact of a set schedule. Physically coming to school should not be the focus of presenting your educational learning skills, because anyone can be present in class and not do their work. This generation is dependent more so on others rather themselves, therefore, kids don't understand or really know what they are capable of doing on their own. Students not only have responsibilities during school, but outside of school as well. Being able to take online classes allows students to demonstrate responsibility, accomplishments, and a chance to give back to their community.

You ever sit back and realize how much work you have to get done within the day at that moment in time? Being able to work independent shows a lot of responsibility and maturity. Education is not something kids take lightly, because it depends on our future outcome. Taking into consideration the responsibilities outside of school and inside school comes with a lot of independence and organization. Likewise, the amount of stress upon students impact their ability to get all of their work done. Therefore, with the chance to take your classes at home presents a different outcome. With this outcome: Students can now manage their day with all of the other responsibility's they have to take care of. Some may say, simply by going to school in a classroom setting shows enough courage and ownership by just being there. However, demonstrating that you can manage a life without being present in a school environment, and get your work done show tremendous responsibility. Due to reasoning, students who work from home allows minors to work comfortably and plan ahead of time of what needs to be done.

We all feel a burst of happiness and excitement when we accomplish something that has been a heavy burden for us; In this case, school. Students have tons of work to get done with a short time span, so once that work consistently piles up from class to class you become backed up. On the other hand, you are the only one who knows what works for you in your learning environments, so as you try to absorb new information from your subject you can do so manually on your time. Now it has been said that if students work from home they won't actually do their work. However, majority of the time kids experience difficult comprehension in certain subjects, so they feel as if there is no point in learning it themselves. Furthermore, students feel as if they can feed off of their peers to help them get through the unit which always isn't the case. Now that you have a convent time block for work you can get it done feeling accomplished and happy that you don't have to procrastinate.

The last reason students should part take in learning from home is because it presents a opportunity for teens to get out there and give back to the greater good. Majority of the older populations doubt the younger generation in what we are capable of accomplishing. They feel as if it is too much for us to handle. However, truth be told we are the common grounds for our lives. For example, you are the type of person who loves to help other's out, and there is a volunteering experience to go feed and clothe the homeless families. On top of that this volunteering experience rewards with a 1,000 scholarship. However, you have to go to school for a upcoming test, and now you miss the chance to be apart of a great experience and benefit from a scholarship. Likewise, what some fail to realize: is that if students are constantly backed up and stressed out from school work it leaves no time to obtain new information, or simply be apart of a big impact that's exciting and important to you. People believe that minors will have the rest of their time here on earth to experience new things. However, we all have to start somewhere and for us it is throughout our life time in growing up. Not being able to participate in meaningful activities may in fact leave you empty handed with a void that is not filled. As a result, you miss out on a opportunity that may later set you back from your dreams and goals.

With all being said: Schools should present the opportunity for students to take online classes, because it promotes responsibility, accomplishments, and a chance to give back. With this greater change, students can now prove to themselves what they are capable of achieving just with the matter of time. In fact, students have to make it their mission to stay on task at home which also increases the chances of exceeding well on quizzes, tests, and other assignments. Retaining the information teachers give out, but expanding on it the way you want to learn is a great technique on remembering the concepts of that unit. This opportunity will have a positive impact for those who do not do well in a school environment or simply need things to be done within their time. 