Some schools assign summer projects for students to finish before the next school year comes around. The purpose of this work is to push the student to grow and learn on their own time. For example, teachers give book assignments where the student must read, then write an essay about the book. The topic of the summer project may be interesting to some, but cause other students to hate the work. Teacher designed summer projects should not be permitted and forced onto students.

One reason that teacher-designed summer project should not be permitted is that, teachers don't know if the topic they chose will interest everybody. Students know what they themselves enjoy, so why force them to do somehting they may hate. When teachers assign summer projects its interrupts, and steals, the break that students need and deserve over the summer. If the project were chosen by the student then the subject would be something of their interest, and the project wouldn't be seen as such a nuisance. A students main priority during the summer should be to have fun. If a student enjoys the topic that they chose for their project then it wouldn't be interrupting the break, they well deserve, it would just be adding to it. For example, instead of reading, "Lord of the Flies," students should be able to pick a book on a topic they as an individual enjoy.

Another reason that teacher-designed summer project should not be permitted is that, students dont have the time or energy for it. Students who were just learning how to write essays a few years back are now getting jobs and paying bills. Those students, society believes to be little children, are now working twelve hour shifts. As a student, with a job and bills to pay, work is very consuming of not only time but also energy. If a student does not have the time or energy for the project then nothing will get done. But if a student is allowed to pick their own topic then they will make time for it. People make time for things they like, for example, intimate relationships, sports, and friends. Student-designed summer projects would encourage the student to do finish their work, knowing that its something they enjoy.

Although some believe that if the summer project is student-designed then they wont learn anything or grow, but they are wrong. No mater what topic or subject is chosen for the summer project, or for anything in life, there is always something more that a person could learn and gain from it. Students know what they like, so they can chose the topic but in the end its still a project and its something the students must put work and thought into, pushing them to grow. When the project is student-designed the person doing the project would have more motive to finish the project well and learn even more on the topic, than if a teacher designed the project. Having the students interest in a summer project could make them want to learn more, instead of forcing them into more stress.

Each student is unique and likes different things. Schools should stop pushing them complete things that they dont like or understand. One way schools could fix this is by assigning a paper two months before the end of the school year asking for a detailed explanation of what the student wants to do for their summer project. The school or teachers could pick the way that they want the project ot be done but allow the student to chose the topic. By letting them chose the topic of the summer project it would help the students feel less stress and allow them to enjoy their summer while continuing to learn and grow. 