Students should have teacher-designed projects over the summer, over student-designed projects, because if it is a student-designed project there is a high chance that it won't get done. Also teacher-designed projects give the student more information on how they would want the project,and student-designed projects take more work to complete.

If it is a student-designed project it most likely won't be done or it will be rushed. When I was in middle school I always used to get student-designed projects assigned to me by my teachers. Every time I got them I never started the day that it was given out because since it was student-designed I thought I had all the time in the world to do it,so I waited until the night before it was due to start it and I thought it was always decent to pass with. But i was wrong I failed most of them or got a low passing grad, because i didn't take all the time i was given to talk to my teacher,get a good planning going or have time to go over the project. Students shouldn't make there own projects because that gives them a good chance to stall on doing it.

Also student-designed projects makes the student have to start from scratch because your teacher wants you to make the directions and then make the project. That makes the student thinks more over the summer that makes him/her not want to do it because summer is the time when they want to relax and just enjoy there selves .Last week i had a project to do for my computer class, I had to give direction on how i had to manage my money in an power point. I was exhausted after because I had other classes I had to do work and the project had me up late at night trying to do parts at a time. Student-designed projects shouldn't be making students exhausted just by starting from scratch.

Another thing teacher-designed projects are easier, because they already have the direction that tells the students how they would want them to do it by giving clear information and telling them how to complete it and get a good grade. My 9th grade year we had a book report project it was easy because the teacher that wrote it gave all the information on how to make a great book report and it wasn't difficult, it gave clear information for us to read a book then write about what it was about then if we liked the book or not. It was easy and quick instruction rather then trying to get us to make a book. Teacher-designed projects actually are a good way for students to get a good grade on any kind of project.

Schools should require students to have teacher-designed projects to give the student good instructions and not be difficult with the assignment.             