Many people only seek one to two people when asking for advice or an opinion on something. Here's why you should get at least 3 opinions of advice when in need. Its better to have multiple points of view than to just ask one person and validate their opinion fully. Its easier to feel closure knowing that multiple peoples opinions align and you can trust that your correct. It isnt sensible to trust just one person and hope that theyre right instead of knowing that a group of people is right.

Its easier to rely on when you ask multiple people or friends for advice. If you ask a friend for their opinion on a project youve been doing, and they dont seem as though they arent fully sure about what theyre saying yet they still give you an answer. Would you trust their answer and do what they said? I wouldnt, thats why you should attempt to validate your friends answer by asking multiple people multiple people who are qualified and seem like they understand what theyre saying. If you do this, even though your friends answer may be correct in the first place, youll have full closure knowing that all of the people you know have different backgrounds and understand different things better than others yet all of their answers matched.

Its better to have more points of view. If you sought advice about a history essay that youve written, you would ask for the opinion of someone who has a wide knowledge of history or a history teacher. If you wanted to know if you needed to change any grammar in your essay, you would ask an English teacher or someone who has a wide knowledge of the English language. You wouldnt want to ask a history teacher about grammar in your essay. That doesnt make any sense. This is why you would want multiple people who have different backgrounds and different opinions on things. Because you can ask certain people for advice on certain issues. This helps you know that what your doing is correct knowing that in every aspect of an issue that you have a certified of educated person in that field has given you advice or theyre opinion on something.

Its always smarter to have more than one resource when you need an opinion or some advice. Suppose your doing research for an essay your writing. You come across one website that doesnt seem very factual but its views align with yours. So instead of ending your essay research there and thats all the evidence you have, you decide to leave that website and go to other websites to do research on. If you would do that with computers and research, why wouldnt you do that with people and advice? Its always better to ask multiple people for advice and opinions on something.

All in all, just ask more than one person for advice. Weve learned that its better to rely on when asking more than one person. Weve also learned that its always better to have more than one opinion from people when you have an issue. Lastly, weve learned that its always smarter to have more than one resource when you need an opinion or some advice. These are all the reasons why you should ask more than one person for advice or theyre opinion on something when you have to make a choice or have an issue.