Technology can be beneficial in several aspects of everyday life, but reading emotions should not be one of them. According to the article, the technology to read human emotions is possible and can be effiecently used to detect how a person is feeling. This technology is certainly impressive but does not seem very beneficial to the average student and can be seen as slightly intrusive. Therefore, this technology would not be valuable in a classroom due to the small amount of benefit that it would provide and its intrusiveness, as students should have a right to keep certain emotions and feelings to themselves.

It seems unnecessary to use this technology when emotions are already fairly easy to identify without the use of a computer. Body language and facial expressions can already easily be analyzed by humans themselves to reveal emotions. To quote the writer of the article, "In fact, we humans perform this same impressive "calculation" every day. For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face" (D'Alto 5). This depicts that technology is not required to identify the basic emotions of a human being and is therefore unnecessary.

If a person is not blatantly showing his emotions with body language and facial expressions, then the person wold likely prefer not to express what he is feeling or thinking. All human beings have a natural right to keep their thoughts and emotions to themselves as they please, and technology that can reveal emotions at their deepest depths can be intrusive. An example of this can be how computers use cookies to track what people are searching on the Internet in order to produce advertisements directed toward the user later on, which often disturbs people and makes them feel uncomfortable. This may be the same situation if computers have access to human emotions. The private feelings of a human should not be exploited by a computer, and therefore trespasses a basic right of humans which allows them to have their own private thoughts and emotions.

The final reason that this technology would not be valuable is because there are little uses for it. Detecting emotions are not really relevant when using a computer. The author of the article states many examples of how this technology can be used on a computer, and the use of using the emotions to determine the type of advertisements would match emotions and what the user is feeling does not seem very important or beneficial. Overall, the implementation of technology into a student's everyday life would not be useful, therefore making it seem pointless rather than valuable.

Therefore, the idea of implementing technology that read emotions would not be valuable in a typical classroom. Despite the consistency of the technology working successful, it would be worthless to bring into everyday lives as people do not need advanced computers to identify other people's emotions. The technology would also be extremely intrusive, as it would exploit the private thoughts and emotions of people that would not want their emotions to be detected and make them feel slightly uncomfortable. Alongside these reasons, there is practically no use for this advanced technology in a typical day of an ordinary student. For these reasons, while the concept of reading emotions may be interesting, there is not much benefit that will come from the use of this technology and therefore implementing it into classrooms would be a prodigious waste of money and effort in order to provide a minimal benefit for students.    