When people ask for advice they normally talk to more than one person in order to make the best decision. There are many benefits that come with taking advice from multiple people. Seeking more than one opinion helps someone make a better choice because it allows one to gain knowledge, prevents mistakes, and build an open mindset.

Firstly, getting different opinions allows people to gain knowledge. In fact, most people have probably learned that you can gain knowledge from other people, and this is true. When someone takes advice from others, they become more informed about that topic. For example, in 3rd grade when we were preparing for the Reading SOL my teachers, Ms. Generic_Name and Mr. Generic_Name, advised us to use many test taking skills such as highlighting and slash and trash, and in previous years my teachers taught me to take my time and focus on the questions. When it came to the test day I took my time, and I used all the test taking skills I learned and applied them. I even scored a perfect score! Till this day, I still use all of these strategies, and they make me a better test taker. Therefore, it is important to take advice from other people because they help one grow and learn.

Secondly, seeking multiple opinions prevents mistakes. When someone listens to stories of other people they can take that experience and apply it to their own lives. Along with that, when someone takes advice they also form a better judgment. For instance, this summer when I was shopping for back to school supplies I was looking online to find a good quality backpack. After searching for a while, I found this cute black book bag with stars on it, and I really wanted to get it. However, just before I ordered it I decided to look at the reviews. When I read the reviews I found out that the book bag was too small and poorly made. I didn't buy it, and I was able to save my money. Therefore, getting multiple opinions is helpful because they prevent mistakes.

Lastly, asking advice from multiple people builds an open mind. When a variety of options are available it opens different doors for opportunities. Quoted by Generic_Name, "Ignoring others advice creates a narrow mindset." This means that only listening to one person's advice limits the opportunities that were available. For instance, in 5th grade when we were signing up for classes I asked my friend what performing art class I should take. She suggested taking band because that was what she was going to do, and even though I wanted to pick chorus, I decided to take band because she made it seem so fascinating. However, I ended up not enjoying band, but when I asked other people about their performing art classes, I was able to see different viewpoints and options. In the end, I decided on taking orchestra, and I really love that class. Which is why asking different people for advice helps make a better decision because it creates multiple options and forms an open mindset.

In conclusion, to make the best decisions it is better to seek multiple opinions because it allows one to gain knowledge, prevent mistakes, and build an open mindset. Therefore, if you are every faced with an important decision it is good to take advice from multiple people.