When people ask for advice, they should seek multiple people for their opinions so they can be able to make a better choice. Because, when asking one person, people are often given a response that they do not want to hear or personally don't agree with. So when you seek multiple opinions, people will be given multiple responses, ones they may or may not like to hear. So you will be able to pick and choose which one you believe is the best. You can seek out to other people that are older then you and they will help give better advice, since this is something they probably went through when they were younger. Seeking multiple opinions might also help you really know what you should do, people might give you advice that you know won't help or won't lead you to a good choice. So when seeking multiple opinions, you should still always look back at your own advice. Because after all when making a decision, you must really think it through, making a decision is like a give or take so when you seek multiple people it will potentially lead you to the best decision to make for the situation.

When asking someone for advice you may be told something you weren't really expecting. Or it may be something you don't like , or it wouldn't lead you to make a good decision in your situation. You may feel the need to follow that person's advice because you may have thought that they were "good" at giving advice. Or even so , you are just very stuck in the situation and really have no idea what to follow or listen to. So when you seek multiple people you are going to get different advice in what to follow. But sometimes people give you the same advice. What should you do then? If you are asking multiple people for advice in a situation and they are all giving you a similar response or the same thing. Then that's when you really start to consider if the decision is good or bad, think about how the decision will work out in the long run. Will it really be worth it? You will get that sudden feeling when you know someone is giving you good advice and that you should follow it. Knowing when someone is giving you good advice is like knowing someone is a good person , you might have to think about it for a while. But in the end it will really pay off and it will be worth it.

When you are seeking for someone's opinions in a situation and you decide to ask multiple people for their opinions and see what they say. You are then given the choice to pick and choose what you believe is the best choice. And I mean pick and choose like, who's advice is the best to follow? who's advice will actually help me in the long run?, Just by thinking about those questions it will lead you to the right choice. if in a situation you seek out to multiple people you should always consider what you want, and what will help you make the right choice in your situation. You are getting the opportunity to have multiple people seek out to you and help you, so you should most definitely use it to the best of your abilities. A lot of people always say "if you are given an opportunity you should most definitely take advantage of it". If you reach out to some family members or friends you should listen to the person who has gone through the same thing or something similar because their advice may be the most accurate.

When you are seeking multiple opinions it might help you by yourself realize what you should actually do in the situation. This is because if you are often given a response that you don't like or just don't want to hear or you may believe it will not help you in the situation you are in. Then that means that you actually know what's best for you to do in the situation. You know what's best and what will help you , it means that you know what advice to listen to or not. You will be able to put your advice and the person's advice that you believe will help you the most. When you seek out to multiple people you will know what not to do an what to do. You will know that because if someone gives you advice that you believe is not good and you won't do. You can start thinking about what you want to do and take bits from other peoples advice and put them with some of your advice. Asking multiple people will help you make the decision and also know what to do. You will know who to go for when it comes to advice and you will be thankful for the advice you were given.

When people are asking for advice they should always seek to multiple people because they will get to hear different peoples opinions and they are getting the option to choose what someone is telling them or told them. While others may disagree that you should only seek out to one person since they will give you advice and you should listen to theres because it might confuse you to hear other peoples advice. You should always reach out to multiple people. Not everyone is good at giving advice, and not everyone's advice will help you in the long run so when you seek out to multiple people you can really think about whos is the best and whos advice you would like to follow. Seeking to multiple people will help you make the best decision possible due to all the people that are going to help you and tell you heir advice and what they believe is the best for you while you're in a situation. So when listening to other people's advice you should always reflect back to your own advice before doing anything because that may be the best thing.      