Many students hate school and wish they could take online school. For many students school is a dreadful, terrible place where everyday bullies and bad teachers hinder their ability to learn and receive good grades. For most, online school can very easily fix those problems. Although some people believe online school is bad for academics because it creates a learning environment where cheating is very easy, Online school is better for learning because students can work at their own pace, students do not have to deal with the social aspects of physically being in school, and students can receive extra help if they need it

To begin, many students in school are left behind not understanding the material because they learn different than their teachers teach. This causes problems with their ability to learn. Sometimes teachers go too fast and while some students may be able to learn fast, others are not able to. If students have access to online school they will be able to work at their own pace and be able to retain the information better. In real school many classes are one to two hours long, in that amount of time multiple assignments are given which are due at the end of the class. Some students are not able to work that fast and fall behind because all of the work they have not finished during class time becomes homework on top of what they already have. When students have too much homework it causes stress and anxiety. if online school was available students could work as long as they want on assignments because there would not be a set time that a certain class is over. Online school make learning easier, and less stressful.

In addition, the many social aspects can also create large amounts of stress for students. Many students wake up every morning and dread going to school because of bullies or social anxiety. The many social aspects in school can make focusing on learning very difficult. Some students cannot even be in a cafeteria with 100 people without having a panic attack and completely shutting down. Online school can fix these problems because students would be able to work from the comfort of their own home. Being able to work from home takes away all of the anxiety and bullies. School emergencies are also a large problem for many students because worry can distract from learning. Everyday students go to school scared that they will make make it out alive because of school shootings and other dangerous things that can happen at school. Online school would calm the nerves of these students and let them focus on learning and not have to worry about their life or having a panic attack in the cafeteria.

To continue, some students need extra help from teachers because some subjects are harder for some students. With online school students could work anytime they want to because many online schools offer 24 hour teacher help just by video conference or online chat. This help can greatly impact the learning environment by making sure no student is ever left behind because help is always available when they need it. Online school could also help with children that work, like child actors or kids that have to work to provide for their families. Some families income is not high enough and the children must work in order to just eat. When students are faced with this many of them drop out in order to protect and provide for their family. Online school can help them because it creates school with a very flexible schedule so they can work anytime they need to.

Finally, Online school can greatly benefit students because they will not have to deal with teachers going too fast, the social aspects of school, or needing extra help and not being able to receive it. If students are forced into staying in physical schools with bullies and bad teachers around every corner, their grades will drop and they will not be able to perform well in school. Every school district needs to make online school an option for all students. If school districts do not allow on line school everyone should write to the superintendent and tell them online school is a great need in their district because online school makes learning easier and less stressful for everyone.