The advantages of limited car ussage in acouple diffrent places right know. They  are all pretisipated in the no car day or no cars at all. These passages all tell about the diffrent ways of car useage, and how difrent places use cars or dont use cars. This is a big deal in sertain places.

There are many car-free cities Elisabeth Rosenthal states in the passage "Germsn Suburb, life goes on without cars." in this passage she states that the residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers going where few soccer mom or commuting executives have ever gone before they all have given up there cars. There street parking, the driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of freiburg, near the french and swiss boarders. Car ownership is allowed, but there re only two large garages at the edge of th development. this is now a result only 70 precent of vaubans families do not own cars, and 57 precent sold there car to move here.

In the United States, The Enviromental protection Agency is promoteing "car reduced" communiities, and people are starting to act. In previous bills, 80 precent of apporopriations have by law gone to hihgways and only 20 precent to other transports.

Robert Duffer states in his passage, "Paris bans driving due to smog" this smog is pollution its becoming a problem. Paris enforced a partical driving ban to clear the air of the global city. Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave theier cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine which is $31. the same would apply to the odd-numbered plates the following day. Did everone go with the rule no, Almost 4,000 drivers were fined according to reuters, 27 people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine.

Paris typcally has more smog than other European capitals, paris had 147 micrograms of particulate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in brussels and 79.7 in londan.

Everyone had to praticipate in this no car pollicy. delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions were made for plug in cars such as" hybrids"and cars carrying 3 or more passengers. The public transit was free of charge from friday to monday accorinding to the BBC. All the smog cleared monday foor the ruiling french party to rescid the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday.

The car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota Andrew selsky stated, in a program thats set to spread to other countries, milions of clombians hiked biked skated or took buses to work during a car-free day. This was the third year straight cars have ben banned with only busses and taxis permitted for the day wthout cars in this capital city of 7 million poeple that alot right.? ye sthe goal is to promote alternitive transportation and reduce smog. Everyone who wanted to break this rule faced a $25 fine. It was a good oppritunity to take away the sress and lower air pollution. Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city, more sidewalks, nice smooth ones, new restaurants, upscale shopping. alot of new stuff after stooping all car popoulution. you may have lost a everyday resorce everybody is used to but it all got replaced by something way better you even got new things built thats alot better than a dirty city.

"The End of Car culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal states ing her passage that president obama's goals to curb the united stated greenhouse gas emissions unvieled. this proves that all there citys all are trying to make where they live a bettter place and not poluted and it can help out the surrroundings around you and make it a newerand nicer place, i agree with all there statements on the end of car culture.    