Dear State Senator,

I believe that we should change the electoral college to election to popular vote for the president of the United States. The electoral college is in no way fit to be the basis of how we choose the president of the United States. This country was based of of popular soverignty and we should keep it the way that it always has been with all the decison makeing done be the people.

The electoral college is an overwhemingly unfair system to voters. The canidents will not spend any of their time in states they know will not win because of the winner take all system in each state. they only focus on the tight races and some of the states dont even get to see the campaign ads. Some of the states did not even see the candidates at all. The electoral college is essentially one of the most unfair things in the prospect that the candidates dont spend time in the states that they dont think will win and the states that they know wont win are not even privillaged enough to see the campaign ads.

In addition to being unfair the electoral college can cause serious damage. The electoral college have the power to go against the will of the people. Back in the '60s segregationists in the Louisiana legislature were almost successful in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would not vote for John F. Kennedy. Also during that time some electors would occasionally vote for whomever they please and not vote for their party's candidate. If the electoral college were to ever go into a tie it would be given to the House of Representatives. During this time the the states representatives will be cating thier votes on behalf of thier state. The problem with that is that those representatives are voting on behalf of thier entire state and that means they are voting for who they want and acting like that it is something the entire state wants.

There are five "offical" benifits of having the electoral college. The benifits are certainty of outcome, everyone's president, swing states, big states, and you avoid run-off election. All of these things are in fact true but what if you are willing to risk all of that just to be able to be the one who has a say in who becomes president. I know that they kind of do but in reality that does not really mean much if there is someone who is going to completly disregard my vote and do whatever he feels like doing. I know that all of those five benifits are important but isnt my right to have a say in whose president important as well?

Senator, the reason for my letter is that I want to have a say in who the president is going to be and the electoral college resticts that. I believe that the president of the United States should be elected by popular vote because this is America and in America we do what the people want and the people want change. We want the electoral college out and popular vote in.

Sincerely,

A concerned citizen    