Many students across the country find boredom in school. They find themselves questioning why they have to wake up five days out of the week, early in the morning, to take a displeasing bus ride to an even more displeasing school. So at first consideration online schooling done from one's home might sound like a great idea, but it is not. Virtual classes taken at ones house can strip students of precious memories and moments in their schooling career, while also limiting the student's education. Virtual classes are not beneficial to students because students would lack the initiative to take the classes, they would miss diverse viewpoints from other students and teachers, and they would miss out on countless opportunities to create new friendships.

Remaining on task plays a major role in getting an education. If you cannot stay focused when you are completing a task, it will never get done to its full potential. Students, especially those getting a high school education or lower, tend to have small attention spans. They can get distracted very easily. Allowing them to take online classes would just lead to them getting distracted by the infinite number of other things they can do at their house. For example, say there is a boy taking online classes from his home and he starts to get bored, so he decides to just go play video games in the middle of a lecture. There is no one to stop him from ignoring his online work. When students are in school, even if they start to get off task, there is always someone there to make sure that everything is operating smoothly. The online schooling has no way to stop students from getting distracted.

Another area where virtual schooling tends to lack is in offering students diverse viewpoints from various teachers and students. Students taking classes from a computer at his or her house are confined to a limited number of people they interact with. They never get to hear any dissenting opinions from other students or see different methods of teaching from professors. By taking classes at school, students are opened up to a wide variety of opinions and new ways of learning. Take for example, two different United States history teachers that teach at the same school; one teacher likes to teach students straight from the textbook, because he feels that is the best way that students retain the information, but the other makes his class fun and engaging because he wants his students to enjoy his class. The student taking online courses would not be able to experience the two different learning environments. The online classes do not allow for students to develop a choice in how they learn their material, ultimately diminishing some students chances to retain knowledge.

Lastly, taking virtual classes takes away a students chances to create memories with friends throughout their schooling career. As I said in the previous paragraph, students that take classes online are limited on their interactions with other people. They do not get to go to school everyday to see their friends. School is an experience that people reflect on and remember for the rest of their lives. People do not remember school because of what they learn though, the reflect on the memories of the relationships that they formed and the bonds that last a lifetime. How is a student supposed to create all of these everlasting bonds and unforgettable memories through a computer screen? The answer is simple, they can not. The virtual classes will result in a child that grows up with no memories of how they had fun at school, the classes strip that child of his or her experiences.

The idea of online schooling is not beneficial when you compare it to traditional school. Students can become easily distracted at home while they are taking their classes; and there is no one there to help them get back on track. The students taking virtual classes are also not introduced to the diverse viewpoints and teaching methods that one kind find at a traditional school. Students taking online classes are also completely shut away from developing any relationship and memories with other students, inherently striping them of lasting experiences. While it is apparent that a students schooling is circumstantial, the evidence is overwhelming that virtual schooling is not beneficial to most students.