The Seagoing Cowboys program was very adventurous because of all the fun you can have along the way. When you become a Seagoing Cowboy, you have many opportunities to have fun, such as sight seeing, meeting new people in other countries, and at the end of the journey the holds where the animals were is opened up for many games everyone can play! The Seagoing Cowboys program was an adventure I'll never forget and I hope you'll become a Seagoing Cowboy yourself.

One of the reasons why the Seagoing Cowboys program is so adventurous was because of all the sight seeing. During my time as a Seagoing Cowboy, I went to many places all over the globe, including Greece, Italy, China, the Panama Canal, and many other places. Some places I went to were the trips of a life time. One of my favorite trips was the Acropolis in Greece. It was special to see and I cherished the opportunity. By becoming a Seagoing Cowboy yourself, you can make your own memories in the world.

Another reason why the Seagoing Cowboys program is so adventurous is the chance to help people in other countries. I helped a ton full of people as a Seagoing Cowboy and their smiles warmed my heart. By giving people the cattle they need, it ended up helping not only them, but me too. I'm greatful for the opportunity, it made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs. Because of that awareness, my family ended up hosting many international students and exchange visitors for many years. You too can help many people in other countries and help them. By doing this, the world can become a greater place.

The final reason why the Seagoing Cowboys program is so adventurous is that the end of the journey and during the return, people can have a chance to loosen up a bit and play some games. When all of the cattle are in other countries, the places where they were stored become opened up and you're allowed to play games. Some coyboys enjoy playing baseball and volleyball games, while others like having Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and other games. All of these games allow a cowboy to spend the rest of the way back having fun and if a cowboy doesn't want to play games, he can stay in his room and enjoy some quiet. You too can become a Seagoing Cowboy and have the experience of a lifetime.

As you can see, the Seagoing Cowboys program is the chance of a lifetime and a dream come true. By becoming a cowboy, you can make your own adventures and add a little spice to your life. Sight seeing, Meeting new people, and games are just the tip of the iceberg when you're a Seagoing Cowboy. Become a Seagoing Cowboy and you won't regret it. I hope you become a cowboy and have the adventure of a lifetime. 