Its better to talk to more than one person for seeking advice

A family member of mine was getting advice on a problem she had, and the advice didn't work but luckily she had more advice that ended up working for her. I think it's better to have more options when it comes to advice. Some reasons on why I think having more choices is better are because everyone is different, it makes people more confidant, and allows people to be less stress.

Today there are people from all around the world who have different personality traits, opinions, and even advice. In my opinion its better to talk to more than one person when seeking for advice because it just allows more options for people in the world to have. Having more options has worked for me in the past and will continue to work in the future. Everyone gives advice based on what helps them and people might be different than them. My best friend and I are completely different which shows that advice doesnt always work for everyone. Having more choices is always an amazing thing to have.

Being confidant is a very important trait to have in the world. Talking to more than one person on what they need help with allows them to be more confidant believe it or not. When having more options for advice helps people make a choice faster. A time I had to make a choice was when I was ordering at a restaurant, The waitress and my friends were all giving me advice on what I should get. Having that support made me choose quicker and didn't have to procrastinate. The process of getting advice, forced me to talk to multiple different people. That made me more confidant as a person by meeting and receiving different opinions/advice. Being more confidant makes me feel good about myself which is why other people should talk to more than one person if they need something.

When people don't procrastinate they tend to be way more relaxed and not have stress on them. Having more options tells the human mind to not worry. A time I felt not stressed was when I was throwing a surprise party for my friend. The reason I wasnt stressed in that moment was because I had a lot of options for theme ideas from different people. If it weren't for everyones ideas the party would have been a disaster! All of the ideas bonded into one huge theme and was the hit of the summer, everybody enjoyed themselves and loved the party. Having multiple ideas caused me to not stress a lot.

In conclusion, it's always good to carry around more advice than less advice from people because, everyone is different, it makes people more confidant about themselves, and people are less stressed when hearing from more people. In the future, I will talk to more people for their opinion, and this is my advice!