Have you ever been lost or confused and really needed advice? Don't worry, everyone has; at least once in their life. Many people though, only ask one person for advice, and that's where they are wrong. There are many reasons you should be asking more than one person for advice, the main one being bias. People have opinions, bias in what they tell you, so their advice might not be the best. And that's why asking more than one person might actually be the best option when seeking advice for something. Someone might also be very inexperienced in what kind of advice you are asking for, or sometimes, like me, friends like to mess with you, and you end up getting horrible advice.

Bias can be bad or good; depending on your point of view. But when looking for advice, you have the chance to choose the best advice to follow, so why not take it? Asking more than one person for advice will give you a variety of different opinions, and all you have to do, is choose the one that floats your boat, while asking one person only won't give you that much of an option. In special cases though, Everyone will give you the same advice, and if that happens, you just have to go with it. I once had this friend who was having issues with his girlfriend, he then asked one of his friends for advice, he took it, and didn't ask anyone else, they broke up the next day. A year later, he had a new girlfriend, and was having issues with this one too. He went to many people for advice and took the one that best floated his boat. They are still together today.

When asking for advice, asking people who know what they're talking about is the best option. This is common sense, but if youre asking for advice, you might not even know that the person is very inexperienced in what you're asking. Asking more than one person for advice helps you surpass this issue. How would you know the person was giving you horrible advice if you didn't ask anyone else? This is like using different online sources for an essay, it's a very bad idea to use one online source for your whole essay. I have asked for a lot of advice in the past, but I will never forget the time I asked my friend for advice on how to study for a test, he told me everything that wasn't on the test, later telling me that he didn't know what to study either.

Friends like to mess with you sometimes, often ending up in someone getting hurt or in this case, feeling dumb. Some people get enjoyment out of getting someone to fail. These people are friends, sometimes. When you ask more than one person, the chances of you using the advice of the usual prankster is lower therefore, better chances of you getting great advice. You don't wan't to be the person who is known for doing something dumb because of advice you took from a prankster, believe me. Tiktok is a good example of people trying to get you to do something incorrect. Every once in a while, there is a video which gives you advice on what to do on tests or whatever advice you're looking for. One of the videos gives you advice on what to do when stuck on a question, my friend followed that, and failed the test. he could've simply avoided this prank by asking other people for advice on the topic.

Asking more than one person for advice is really just common sense. Imagine going of of one persons advice your whole life, that would get very boring, or cause some issues. Using "bubble" to stay quiet as an adult would be very embarrassing. My family tree would not be a thing if my great grandmother had taken her husbands' advice of getting an abortion, instead, she asked advice of other friends and family, and decided to keep my grandma. Listening to more than one person should be something you use for the rest of your life, you will be grateful if you follow this, it really helps. 