Using your Phone and Driving

As people may know that driving and using your phone isn't safe and you may get pulled over by a police officer it seems like Americans doesn't care to use the phone while driving it's a huge Sacrifice to make. The people that breaks the law will never understand why it's important to not Text back or answer a phone call while driving until they get into a car accident themselves. There so confident in there driving skills they don't care about the risk there putting themselves and other Drivers into.

Everyone knows not to text in drive or use your phone at all while on the road because it's a high risk of an accident. That doesn't seem to effect peoples prospective on it. It seems as if people would die just to give one text like a text is more important then their life. in today's life Americans don't realize how addicted they are to their phones. they show this by taking a high risk to use their phone and drive on the road.

When you're driving you should always be careful also make sure to always watch what's going on around you because someone else could be using their phone while

On the road as well. The main reason people get in a car accident while on their phone

Is because they are not paying attention to anything so they could exceed the speed limit or takes their eyes off the road. If you need to use your phone you could pull over

But that's not an option for most people because they are always in a hurry.

Most people believe that they are ok or doesn't affect them when they us their phone and drive and they over estimate their driving ability and that's what leads to a car accident that may cost you your life. when a person hits someone the first thing the

Person in the wrong would say is "I never saw him/she "or "He came out of nowhere".

It's hard to understand how you didn't see anyone while driving because you were on your phone when your eyes should be on the road.

Therefore, people don't understand not to drive and use your phone but somehow

They still proceed to use them like they don't care. To live like the text is more important than your life. to many people have died from car accident all because a phone is addicting to use or over estimate of their driving skills. Drivers are too addicted to their phones they're not aware of or noticed of their surroundings.                          