Some schools offer distance learning which is way beneficial to students when they are unable to attend school & every school should think about having it as an option. The most common reason this opportunity would be used is for students that are sick, but other reasons why students might use this is if they have a young child,they are traveling with family, they are an older student that has a job & need the job to help at home while still being in school.

Whenever someone is staying home from school they are most likely sick & when they get back to school they have to catch up with the rest of the class. Distance learning cuts that out of the picture because students will be able to access the lesson & have it explained to them by the teacher while they are at home. Traveling all though not something that happens often when it does it is very important that the student doesn't miss anything while he or she is away. Religious gatherings are a perfect example; in the Muslim religion going to the mother land or where the religion started once a year to pray together is a very big deal & a lot of families take that trip because it is important to them. Deaths in the family are always another prime example of a traveling arrangement that might come up & the student has to leave school in order to intend, even though school might not be on their mind the option is still there to help them.

Students with children aren't as rare as one might think & being in that situation is very stressful for a teenager & causes them to make tough decisions. As a parent they will be tasked with being in charge of another human life & choosing things for them as well as themselves. Missing school after giving birth for the mother is going to be a significant amount of time & staying up on school work is an stressful achievement strive for but it is always an important one. If the child is sick or the parents can't get any outside care they will have to stay home with the child & there is no telling how long that'll be. A lot of schools don't provide day cares also outside daycare cost money which the parents might not have & a parent in that situation most likely want their child in that situation going to a day care at their high school unless it was last resort. Bulks of time will be missed for students in this situation & distance learning is a safe & helpful option for these types of students.

Every students home life is different & all have different responblitiltes; some way different & way challenging than others. Some students have to help provide for their families by getting a job & in some of the worst cases have to work full time or hours close to that. Without helpful options like distance learning students will feel like they have to drop out & they will think that is the best answer when it isn't. Which will lead to further problems in the future for them that they won't be looking out for down the road.

For students that attend night school this could also be very useful to them as they can be more on top of their work.

In conclusion, distance learning would be very beneficial because it would help out various students if they are sick, traveling with family for personal reasons, have children, and work and or are in night school. Because it will give them a chance to stay on top of their school even though they may not be able to attend school.     