My position on driverless cars are that they are dangerous. Technology could fail you at any given time. The car could put the antilock brakes on when they are not needed and cause you to get rear ended. The sensor for when something is in front of you or behind you could go bad, which could result in hitting something or running a red light. If a new road is built or updated, and the map has not been updated in your car yet, the car could get you lost. People would become careless and not pay attention period, and know nothing about the driving rules and regulations. Finally, if you crashed who would be at fault the driver or the car company.

Technology has failed many times in the past. Planes have crashed, ships have sank, and electricity has gone out for days at a time before. You would be trusting your life and your family and friends life completely with that piece of technology. Today, most things are technologically ran, but with some type of human control to it. Although, humans fail at times to, we can try to correct our errors when a car really does not know when it did something wrong.

The car could put the antilock brakes on when they are not needed. When you are driving and randomly brakes in front of you, you tend to end up getting in a crash or almost crashing. If the brakes locked up for no apparent reason you would get hit, and many people die from accidents each year. You could also be driving close to another car at a normal speed and the car could brake, thinking you would crash and you could get slung from your seat, becoming injured.

Sensors that see if the car will back into something or run something over could go out. They could go out while you were sleeping in your driverless car and you could potentionally run a red light, hit a person, or crash. Even if something went out when you were awake how could you control the car to get to the nearest car shop.

If a new road was built in a small town, how long would it take for the map in the car to update, or how accurate are the maps actually. The new road could be the only way out of the town, and your car would not of gotten the update yet about the new road. Being lost, and having no control over your car is a pretty bad thing. Now, even Google Maps does not know where some things are and takes you the wrong way.

Overtime, people are going to become careless with how they drive, they will not pay any attention to the road and not even know they ran a stop light till they get a ticket in the mail. Then, they could easily take it to court and blame the car manufacturer. People who drive normal cars could blame driverless cars when they get into an accident saying their sensor was not working or the car has a default to it.

Lastly, if someone gets into a crash, whose fault is it? They say in the article they do not know who would be at fault for the crash. The car company could have a lawsuit against them if someone dies in the car, or because of the car. Would the company get sued, having to pay for injuries or anything else, or will it be the driver's fault for being careless and not paying attention. You do not know if the person even had any control over the car to begin with.

Driverless cars are dangerous. If a car relies on technology 100% it is almost a definite things will go wrong with the driverless cars. Technology is not safe 100%, technology assistance is not a bad thing to have, but when it is in full control, it tends to not be the safest. How smart can a car actually be, because a person designed it, and we are prone to flaws and faults. All in all for the technology to be fully in control is dangerous.           