Should People Use Their Cellphones While Driving?

Over the year many states have banned using cellphones while driving. Some people tend not to listen and still use it and that causes a lot of people lives. Should people use their phone while driving? No one should be using their cellphones while driving. It's not safe for you, the person next to you, or the person that you hit, insurance rate goes up, and its illegal.

People thinks that they can use their phones while driving but end up causing people lives even themselves. In 2018 half a million people were injured because of texting and driving. In an article of "Facts & Statistics About Texting & Driving (Updated for 2018)" it claims "With the latest statistics available as of 2018, in 2015, according to statistics compiled by the Department of Transportation, 3,477 people died and another 391,000 were injured in motor vehicle crashes caused by drivers who were distracted because they were texting or using cell phones." Don't let anything distract you from taking your eyes off the roads.

Depending on what auto insurance people have, when you get into an accident your insurance will go up. In an article "Just how much does car insurance go up after an accident?" it said that "Insurers once followed the Insurance Services Office's (ISO) standard of increasing a premium by 20 to 40 percent of the insurer's base rate after an accident." If you drive a brand new car that you pay for it, you wouldn't want your insurance to higher then your car bills. Specially if you are a young adult trying to figure things out, you will be making the worst mistake if you let your phone have your attention.

In most state it's illegal to text while driving. There are 41 state that ban texting while driving because of distractions. In the article "Texting While Driving May Be Common, But It's Illegal In Most States" it stated,

"In all but four of those states, texting while driving is a primary offense, meaning you can get pulled over and ticketed simply for that alone; in Florida, Iowa, Nebraska and Ohio, you can get ticketed for texting only if you were pulled over for some other offense, such as speeding. (By comparison, only 12 states, along with Washington, D.C., ban all drivers from using handheld mobile phones.)" Don't get distracted and get pulled over because your friends or family is texting you. If anything it only takes a minute to pull over and do what you need to do. You don't want anything to happen to your safety.

Life is too short for anyone to risk it. Witnessing a distracted driver is very scary, life is never promised for tomorrow. Rethink about your choice, is it that important to risk anything? People are way too naive to know what's right from wrong, moral of the story don't text while driving.               