I believe that driverless cars are unnecessary because of the liabilities that come with them, there's nothing wrong with standard cars, and too easy to take control over from an outside force.

One of the reasons I think driverless cars are unnecessary is because of the liabilities. If the car doesn't alert you and tell you that you're about to crash and you end up hitting someone, who's at fault? You or the manufacturer? Certainly it would be the manufacturer, wouldn't it? But you should've been paying attention! You can't just expect the car to alert you every time! But, isn't that what it's supposed to do? How are we supposed to have driverless cars if you can't even come to a clear decision on whether it's the driver's or manufacturer's fault in the case of a crash? These cars will create too many complex legal battles and are unnecessary.

Another reason I think driverless cars are unnecessary is that there is absolutely nothing with standard cars. Sure, people will be stupid and get behind the wheel under the influence; but, they will be able to be held accountable for their actions and have to pay fines, serve time, etc. What will become of people who just want to drive to drive? Standard cars provide security in knowing that the person behind the wheel will need to know what they're doing. What if a cell tower is down and the car won't be able to drive itself? How does the car drive in places with absolutely no reception? Driverless cars are not big of enough of a step up from standard cars.

The final reason I feel that driverless cars are unnecessary is because they are too easy to take control over. Now, I do not mean that it's easy to just grab the steering wheel and turn the car into a random tree off the side of the road or anything like that. I mean that if a computer is driving the car, can't it be hacked into? Hackers can get into some of the most secure computers in the world, so what's stopping them from doing that with computers that drive cars? Say someone that is mentally ill enough to not like someone to the extent that they want them dead, isn't it easier to just hire someone to hack into their car computer and make them get into an accident? Driverless cars pose too many risks to people inside them as it is easier to be taken over by an outside force.

Some may say that driverless cars can actually help and are a good invention. They can make driving across the country or down to Florida for spring break much easier than having to sit and pay attention to the road for sixteen hours straight. But, you still have to pay attention to the road. The car isn't completely accident-free. What if the dad who has all of his kids and his partner in the passenger seat starts drifting off at the wheel? It's dark and he doesn't have to focus on anything so what's keeping him awake? What if he doesn't wake up when his car alerts him that it is about to crash and the car gets totalled? Although seemingly incredible, driverless cars offer up far more cons than pros.

That is why I believe that driverless cars are unnecessary because of the complexities of legal issues that come with them, they aren't much of a step up from standard cars, and they are too easy to take over from an outside perspective. Next time you start thinking about how nice it would be to have something drive your car for you, just think of the dynamics of everything that could be wrong with it and call a taxi service instead.