As the world has moved into a technological era, a multitude of opportunities have opened up for students. Instead of being forced into the repetitive schedule of school and everyday life, students are now able to choose at-home schooling via their computers and video chatting. While this option may not be the best fit for some students, it would be a good solution for most because it would allow them to work at their own pace, receive one-to-one help from teachers, and it could help reduce stress.

Many students understand how hard it can be to focus and do homework and schoolwork when they haven't had a full night of sleep. This lack of sleep often occurs because students go directly from school to practice or a club or an event and then return home late at night with a pile of homework waiting for them. However, if students had the opportunity to take classes at home, they could create their own schedule and work at their own pace. They would be able to get more sleep and do work in the comfort of their own home. In some cases, students feel unmotivated to go to school because of their lack of sleep or lack of friends, however, online schooling and classes would allow students a safe space and learning environment that would benefit both themselves and their futures. Many studies have actually proven that increased sleep can often increase your ability to focus and can reduce stress. Therefore, not only would taking classes at home allow students to work at their own pace, but it would also enable them to develop a schedule that would be best suited to them which would also allow them to get the most sleep possible and be focused and prepared for the next day.

Additionally, taking classes at home would allow students to receive the best education possible because of the opportunity of one-to-one help from teachers via video chatting. For teachers, the process of getting licensed and being able to teach in a school is no easy feat. They must obtain some sort of degree, have experience teaching in schools, and be highly qualified for the job. However, having a qualified teacher does not ensure that every student will succeed because in many schools, there are 20 to 30 children in each class. 20 to 30 children for each teacher for one class alone. How is one teacher supposed to ensure that every one of their students receives the best possible education in that class? They are not. However, online schools pose a unique solution to this problem. Not only are students able to work in the comfort of their home at their own pace, but they can receive one-to-one help from qualified teachers. These teachers are just as qualified as those who teach in physical schools, however, through video chatting and direct communication, they are able to address and ensure that their student(s) are getting the time and attention that they need to succeed. Additionally, many students are often times too scared or nervous to ask their teachers for help if they are struggling because they fear being judged by their peers or being ignored by their teachers. Online schooling and classes, however, would allow students to ask their teachers questions and ask for help without having to worry about these fears. By enabling students to take online classes, they could receive one-to-one help from teachers while being able to address any questions or concerns they have, which would not only benefit them in the short term, by helping them to pass their classes, but also the long term, by helping them develop skills for college and for the work force.

In some cases, online schooling is not the best option for students because being at home can sometimes make students feel too relaxed and would not motivate them to do their schoolwork and homework. These students often do better in physical schools if they are receiving social interaction and may benefit from a more structured schedule. While this may be the case for some students, most students would benefit from online schooling because of the flexible schedule that it allows and the many benefits that come with. Not only would it allow for more time to sleep and do work, but it also would allow students to receive the best education possible because of the one-to-one help from teachers. All of these factors would allow students more time to do the things that they enjoy, which could reduce the amount of stress surrounding school and could ensure them a solid future. 