Distance learning is an effective and efficient way for student to learn from home by online and video conferencing. It provides an alternative to having to learn in school, which helps give students an option that can fit their needs for learning.

Online classes benefit students who have mental health issues, because conditions such as anxiety and depression may prevent students from feeling comfortable in a school environment. Many students who struggle with anxiety often dont like being in places with a lot of people, which is why there should be another alternative to learning at school. Depression is also a huge health issue in teenagers because it prevents them from having a positive attitude towards learning and doing their school work. If students were doing their school work from home, they would be in a familiar setting and surrounded by their family instead of teachers and students they may not know. A online class would make it much easier for students with mental health issues to succeed, because teens wouldnt have to be put in a position where they would have to go against their own needs to get an education. Another benefit from being able to attend class from home is that if you have an injury that makes it difficult to attend class, then you can be able to keep up with what your learning without falling behind in school. This includes concussions and physical injuries that may prevent you from getting to school or that make it difficult for you to get to class. Giving students this option makes it easier to get you assignments done, especially when you cant physically be in school to complete them. The last important benefit of online classes would be that you can make your own schedule that works for you. When taking online classes you can pick what time each class can be, which is a huge advantage of distance learning. Allowing students to make their own schedule helps with many different things, but mostly sleep. School starts at 8:15 am, which is something the school system has struggled with over the years. Many students believe that school should start later in the day, instead of early in the morning. This allows students to get enough sleep so that they can be more efficient with their school work and less tired during the school day.

Although, many people disagree with distance learning because they believe it gives kids an easy way out. Parents believe that if we create a school system based on students needs, then they wont be motivated in the future. If kids get used to doing everything from home, then getting jobs and having responsibility could be harder for them in the future. Another factor is that many parents have jobs that prevent them from being at home during the day, which would leave them with no parental supervision. This would mean that they would have to change their own jobs to take care of their kids during the day. Also, if students were to do all their work online they would most likely stay home for the majority of the day and wouldnt go out. Parents want their kids to be out and being productive, and not just staying at home on their laptop doing work. Another reason why some people disagree with distance learning, would be that studies also show that having hands on learning from a teacher is more beneficial than doing work through a screen. This means that though students would be learning from home, they may not be getting all the benefits as if you were to get help from a teacher in person.

Overall, distance learning provides a efficient way for students to learn from home, and helps give them an alternative that fits their needs. It helps them create their own way of learning that makes it easier and more productive for themselves and their future of education.       