Dear Principle,

I think that all students should be active in the community and do community service.

I think they should because it helps you be active in the real world.

Also because it makes you active around others and helps people problem solve.

People who think the community doesn't help them is ridiculous if you didn't have a community then you wouldn't be playing sports or going to your community pool.

Also you see a lot of famous people saying " I want to give back to my community". They say that because their community does so much for them like encourage them and help the reach their dreams.

I wonder what kids think of when they say the community takes time from what I need or want to do.

What do the mean, if it wasn't for the community the wouldn't be doing anything.

Another reason why kids should do community service is because they are the future face of America so they need to help this country instead of sitting playing video games.

They also learn important life skills like leadership and responsibility.

If you help the community then you will lean these skills very easily.

Once kids start doing this then they will be glad they do it and be happy and feel great and also accomplished.

Kids don't know that the community really needs us and everyone needs to lend a hand or our country wont have good effective leaders in the future.

Also it is not just for out countries leaders it is just for regular people in the work fore need to help because every person makes a big difference.

The community is like a miniature world if people don't keep helping and do9iing work the it will be in a big slump just like the world can be in sometimes.

So I hope you take this letter in to consideration and please listen to my advice. Make the best decision possible and choose what you think is best.

People really need to help the community or it will not keep doing what is has been doing for decades now.

Think about how would you feel if the community you grew up in turned into nothing and everything was gone.

I don't want that to happen to mine.

So please make community service mandatory for everyone.

Thank you!!

From,

Anonymous student