"I aced my chemistry exam," said Generic_Name with a well-rested look beaming upon the face. More than one hundred schools around the globe have began to offer long distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from the comfort of their home. Although one may feel students should not hold the opportunity of attending class from home due to the possibility of a student becoming off-task, schools should allow students to attend classes from home because students will hold flexible schedules, hold a well-rested mind, and will be able to focus one oneself instead of social-society.

First of all, schools should allow students to attend classes from home due to allowing students to hold more flexible schedules. When having a flexible schedule, students will be able to manage time wisely and work throughout the day at their own pace. For example, a young woman by the name Generic_Name attends Generic_School. The entirety of the professors allowed the students to attend the classes from home. Hearing this made Generic_Name ecstatic. Now, Generic_Name would not only be able to work at her own pace and still be able to include daily activities she enjoys such as practicing for cross country, or playing the clarinet. Generic_Name now does not need to worry about becoming mentally exhausted as the student can slowly complete the school work, along with taking short-term breaks throughout the day. In summary, schools do not wish for students to become exhausted therefore, students should hold he opportunity of attending classes at home due to having a balanced schedule.

Secondly, schools should allow students the opportunity of attending classes from the comfort of the home due to allowing the students to hold a well-rested mind. Many schools throughout the country start classes promptly at eight in the morning, causing students to have to wake up at the break of dawn. Many students do not get enough sleep, leading to sleep deprivation. When allowing students to attend classes at home, students will be able to hold a well-rested mind in which will allow for better concentration. For example, a junior by the name Generic_Name attends classes from home. The student used to be incredibly unfocused when attending class at Generic_School due to not getting enough sleep yet ever since Generic_Name attended classes from home, the student has been able to concentrate more, therefore becoming successful on every exam. Had Generic_Name not attended class at home and had not fully rested the mind, Generic_Name would continuously decline in his school-work. In summary, students should hold the grand opportunity of attending class from home because it is necessary students hold enough sleep at night in order for success.

Finally, schools should grant students the opportunity to attend classes from home because students will be able to focus on oneself instead of social society. Many students around the face of God's Earth struggle with being bullied as well as worrying about what other people think. If students hold the opportunity of attending class at home, students will only think of one's success. For example, a freshman by the name Generic_Name attends Generic_School. The student has always put up with bullying and strongly dislikes stepping foot in the school each day. Now that Generic_Name is able to attend school at home, the student is as confident as a model on the cover of a magazine. Generic_Name is able to give her full attention to not only herself, yet her school work. The girl does not need to worry about what other people think, nor the latest fashion trends as the student will not need to step foot in the school anymore. To this day, Generic_Name has been the top of her class ever since attending school at home because she she does not worry about what others think anymore. In the end, Generic_Name learned that success is more important than society. In summary, when students do not worry about what others think, success always wins.

All in all, schools should allow students the opportunity of attending classes from home because students will hold flexible schedules, hold a well-rested mind, and focus on oneself instead of social society. If students hold the opportunity of attending classes from home, then students will have a higher chance of success in the future. In order for students to hold the chance of attending class from home, it is a necessity for students to write letters to the school board as well as the school principle.