No,students would not benefit from being able to take classes from home because students need more of a structured classroom setting to achieve academic goals,some students will not do the work,and some kids need more 101 time with teachers so they can visualize and see how the work should be done.

Studies have shown that most students need to be in a structured setting with teachers in order to succeed in their academic career. The reasons why students need more of a structured setting is because at home you have no one watching over you and there to help you with your work. Which in some cases is bad because students can and will easily get side tracked and put down the computer and start doing other things or looking at other websites while they should be working on their school work. Also some students may not understand something and not try to seek help for them to better understand it therefor they will just chose to not work on the work because,they are overwhelmed and cannot figure out how to do the work. If the students were to be in a classroom and didnt understand they have one or sometimes multiple teachers in their classroom to help them guide them on how to do the work.

Some students may choose just to not work on their work because they dont feel like it, or they could simply just choose to sleep because they are tired from staying up at night because, they knew that they did not have to wake up early in the morning to attend school. Then when parents or guardians find out that the students havent been working on their work they will be forced to do it. It will be very hard for them to do the work because they are already so far behind which means in some cases they may not finish the class by the time the class is over. Online also isnt the best because when kids finally do decide to do the work the can just look up all the answers to the questions and pass the class with a passing grade but in reality they dont actually know anything because they looked up all the answers which isnt benefiting them and preparing them for the future at all.

Other students may need more 101 and directional time from teachers in order to do good in their academics. Being in a classroom and being able to depend on the teacher to help you when you need it is a very big advocate. Students might need teachers to be on them or simply just to guide then and tell them to do their work and other things to keep them on task and do all of their work in a timely manor so they will be on track to graduate on time and take what they have learned in high school onto college.

With all the information i have gathered about online classes i dont think they are the best choice for most kids because of the lack or classroom structure, not doing it, and lack of 101 time with teachers. Those are al0l traits of failing a class and not getting any valuable information from the class.