Cell Phone Drivers

Today, the majority of humans in the world own and use cell phones everyday, however no person should be allowed to use their cellular device while operating a vehicle. These vehicles include trucks, sedans, vans, heavy machinery vehicles, bikes, etc. The use of a cellular device while operating a vehicle serves as a major distraction to the driver; even if the driver only looked at the phone just a second could call for a fatal result. Thousands of people die every year due to cell phone use while operating a vehicle, however fatalities, as such, could easily be avoided if drivers would wait until they're no longer driving to check their phones. Texting and driving can be as dangerous as driving intoxicated, driving under the influence, for you reaction time is weakened due to the distraction of your phone. A good reason to not text while driving would be that it takes only a few seconds to park your car, if looking at your phone is that important. With how today's cellphones are made to draw the user in, it is imperative that drivers make the smart decision to just wait to use their phones.

When texting while driving, you are more likely to end up in a wreck rather than going about your day. According to https://www. netsafeutah. org/teens/staysafe/distracted_driving. html , "Drivers on the phone have worse reaction times than many drunk drivers." this is important because when you look at your phone while driving is like the equivalent to driving with a blind fold on, and the time it takes the driver to look back at the road from looking at their phone is the same amount of time that it would take to take the "blindfold" off. According to https://www. nhtsa. gov/risky-driving/distracted-driving,

"Texting is the most alarming distraction. Sending or reading a text takes your eyes off the road for 5 seconds. At 55 mph, that's like driving the length of an entire football field with your eyes closed." It only take five seconds of a distraction mistake to result in something that can catastrophically change your life forever, and not in a good way! In all consideration, as a driver, if there is a high need to be on the phone just pull the car over. Although it only takes five seconds of distraction to end in a crash, it takes just a few seconds to pull over safely.

Why risk the consequences of using a phone while driving to begin with? Although the results of using a phone while driving may very, the odds still are not in your favor! As the driver you not only risk your own life, but you also put other lives in your vicinity at risk. According to Jim Forsyth, a Reuters reporter, "The typical reaction time without texting was between one and two seconds, but while texting it increased to three to four seconds, regardless of whether the driver was typing or reading a text." (https://www. abc. net. au/science/articles/2011/10/06/3333955. htm). When it comes to driving reacting and timing is everything, but when a driver gets distracted it is almost inevitable for something bad to happen. When driving there is already so much happening on the road, so much that there's not much room for error, that those two seconds of reaction time are key to preventing a car crash. There are so many rules and laws to driving a motor vehicle, however the easiest, of all the rules and laws, is to not text while driving. In fact if a driver always follow this rule, they could be considered a superhero for all the lives they save by not putting others at risk because they did not text and drive.

Is texting and driving at the same time dangerous? One must not have a brain to think there are no risks to texting and driving. Sure, everyone has done it, so why not? Everytime a person texts and drives, they put themselves and others on the road in danger of ending in a car accident or worse death. Don't text and drive, because doing this you will save lives!     