Policy number two

I believe that kids should not be able to use cell phones at school at all. Which would be policy two stating this. Policy two states that kids aren't allowed to have there cell phones at school at all.

The kids can use their cell phone after school but not anytime during the school hours . Policy one states that kids cant use their phones in class but can use them during lunch hours. Still i don't go with policy one because kids can easily text answers back and forth. Its as easy as the kids remembering the test or quiz questions and asking him or her about it and then going back in class and getting it right. That is no fair, that is just cheating.

Also, i believe policy number one is wrong because maybe there is some kids at school who don't have phones. Then the people with phones will make fun of the kids without phones. This is just bullying. Policy number one can lead into violence and many types of bullying. Some things or examples of things that could happen during policy one would be like a kids taking pictures and sending them all over the school and just making kids feel bad.

Policy number one is definitely wrong. I believe that policy number two is good because all the nonsense kids do on their cell phones can happen after school. It doesn't need to be around the school environment. Policy two i think will make many students mad, yes. But is it always happy times? No, school inst suppose to be for fun. It for learning or the education that matters. The cell phones being allowed is going to bring down the learning instead of helping it out and making it better.

Another way policy two is better is kid cud easily tell someone to come pick them up and take them home so they can miss out on a quiz or a test or even just school work. This is just wrong. Kids should not be able to do this.

Kids these days i see them always texting . Texting is there life it really is i walk my dogs around outside sometimes and you see kids hanging with there friends TEXTING. All the time i see kid texting It wrong, i bet those kids who were texting and having a good time have a ton of homework that not even close to being finished and instead of that they are out hanging and having fun. That's what kids like to do and is FUN.

The reason i bet that policy number one was even mentioned was probably because kids love their phone so much they want to bring them to school and have fun. Well to those kids they can go home and have fun but when they go to school its time to be serious and get the work done.

I strongly suggest that policy number two is done. Its best for everyone and the school. Kids don't need cell phones in school. Its just not good, its wrong. Kids need be responsible and grow up and learn that cell phones are not the whole world.