Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I hear that you are reconsidering our schools cell phone policy. If that is true, I am going to give you my opinion on which I think you should choose. I'm a student at your school.

Between the two different policies that I have heard, I think policy 1 sounds the best. Allowing students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. This would be better for students. It would help relieve stress, give us something to do between classes, and less students would get in trouble over having there phones out.

Having your cell phone could help relieve a lot of stress. Okay, for instance you have a big test coming up that you haven't studied for, and you are really torn up about it. You could text or call a friend/family member to talk you threw the situation at hand. How many of you have had a ton of homework, and you just need some time to relax? I know I have. Talking to someone would help you threw that. But our phones do not need to be on at all during instructional time.

We have at least an hour of free time a day. We have 30 minutes at lunch, 5 minutes between each of our 7 classes, and a 15 minute brake. That comes out to actually be an hour and 20 minutes. During this time there are fights and all kinds of drama. On the other hand being aloud to have our phones out, that could take our mind off of all that drama and stupid stuff. I think sometimes everyone needs a break to do what they need to do.

I know that all 3 of our principals have a lot to do during the day. Writing people up for the most simple things ; such as having a phone out seems crazy to me. There are more problems and tasks' at hand. Less students would get in trouble for having there phones if you would just make it okay to have them. I don't think that there would be half as many cell phone issues as there is today, if this policy went in effect.

I hope that you take the stuff I have said into consideration. Having cell phones out at school isn't bad, as long as we abide by the rules. Having them out during instructional time would be strictly prohibited. Students that did not follow this rule, shall have there cell phone privileges at school taken away. I do believe this would make a drastic impact on our school. As long as the students were using this cell phone time responsibly, then everything would be going smoothly. Just please, give us the opportunity to show you, we can do it.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME.