Are driverless cars really what our world needs? In my personal opinion i don't think we should waste our money on driverless cars. There are many reasons that this is not a safe idea and it should not take place. Do you want a "robot" having your life in its hands?

The type of driverless cars that have been put to test will end up costing us alot of money that we don't have to waste. Also technology has failed us numeroumous of times and putting our life in its hands is not such a good idea. No matter how much money we spend on this technology to keep us safe there is a possibilty it will fail us. Just like if you were to go buy the new iphone, peopl e say it is the best working phone on the market but they tend to break on you, burn out, and all these other things no matter how new it is. If you can't trust a phone with such little duties why would you want a computer operated car doing so? These driverlesss cars still need humans to be fully active and responsive. If this is the case then humans should just continue driving themselves. I understand that some peopl ebelive this will reduce the number of accidents that happen but a computer is just as obligated to make mistakes just like humans and maybe more. Sometimes computers do this thing where thye juist shut down on you no warnings or anything and what if this was to happen on a highway with this new driverless cars people are wanting to invent? There is no way to really hold anyone responsible for an accident in such manner. The driver has little control over what happens and the manufacturers will not want to take responsibilty because they want to keep their money in their pockets. I feel as if we could be spending our time on better and more important things. My question is why fix something that isn't broken?

In my honest opinion driverless cars are not needed and are trully a waste of our well hard worked for money. There are other things int hie world right now that could use the time and money we are going to waste on such project. The cars we have now are getting the job we need done. If people don't want to drive that is why we have busses, taxis, ubers, and trains for. Getting driverless cars will put people out of a job because companies wouldn't have to pay a car to do its job and this will put more people on our streets. To be honest it might even casue more problems is other areas like murder, robbery, and ect. We have to take a look at all aspects of this decision we are making as a nation. Look at it as if it was you loosing a job or put yourself in a situation where you driverless car causes you or a loved one a life beacuse computers are not as reliable as people may belive. Driverless cars are a bad idea and we should think long term about devloping these cars and puting them on our roads.