Have you ever played a sport in school and did not have time to do anything when you got home?

I used to play baseball and every evening when I got home from practice, I would have to go straight to bed.

I disagree that all students should participate in extracurricular activities because you might not have time to do homework, spend time with family members, and have time to spend by yourself to read a book or play video games.

Every night during school the teachers would give each class the same amount of homework, and on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday I had baseball practice, and sometimes I had a baseball game on Saturdays which means every two days I would have twice as much homework as everyone else because I wasn't able to get the homework done the night it was assigned. Now that I am no longer playing baseball I am able to keep up with my classes this semester.

Homework is a big responsibility to some people because they try their hardest to keep straight A's on their report card.

Homework can be challenging to some people because they might not know how to do something, so they ask their parents/ guardian to help them but if they some kind of practice after school then they might not get home until 8:30 and have to go straight to bed like I did.

Spending time with your family members can be fun because you might be able to play board games and/or card games.

Spending time with family you have not seen in a long time will help you get caught up on what has happened since you last saw them.

Family is one of the most important people in the world, if God never made you any family you would have no one to go to when your heart is broken, you need help with personal problems, and if you are very old and can not move the way you used to be able to, then they will always be there for you whenever you need them.

Have you ever wanted to just sit down and read your favorite book by yourself, but then your mom walks into your room and says, "Time to get ready for your game" just as you was about to start reading?

Well imagine being in the middle of a very competitive game with your friends, and your mom tells you to get p and turn our X-box off, but you ask if you can finish the game and she says,"No, because you need to get ready to go to your baseball game, and they will be there when you get back."

One time I was half way through the pages of my book and it got to a really amazing part of the story and the I had t get ready to leave, I hated that day because I basically left on a cliffhanger.

Have you ever played a sport in school and did not have time to do anything when you got home. Homework can be challenging for some people because they might not know what to do. Family is one of the most important people in the world. Have you ever wanted to just sit down and read your favorite book by yourself? I disagree that all students should participate in extracurricular activities. 