What if you could decect what other people are feeling even when trying to hide it? Well,in the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" it explains how techonology called Facial Action Coding System(FACS) can identify human emotions. They use a computer that structures a 3-D computer model of someones face. There are six basic emotions they look for, happiness, surprise,anger,disgust,fear,and sadness.

To answer the question, yes, the use of this technology would be beneficial in the classroom. Sometimes teachers have a hard time trying to keep students alert and paying attention, with this software, it could make it easier. In paragraph six, Dr. Huang say," A classroom computer could recognize when a students is becoming confused or bored, then it could modify the lesson , like and effective human instructor". Since most human communication is nonverbal , including emotional communication, it could be difficult.

In conclusion, having the new software and using it in the classroom could be very useful to help shape the minds of students. Making dfferent faces and having different attitudes can revel so much about the science of emotions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 