Who would have thought that our world would be where it is today in the automobile feild. We started out with simple horses and buggies, and now we're sporting driverless cars. The future is here, and i'm super thrilled to be a part of the generation of technology.

Apparently, Google has developed a car that literally drives itself! Who wants to worry about puting the car in drive, and wondering if you're driving alright...you'll always be driving great! The google cars "have driven more than half a million miles without a crash," which absolutely amazes me. Safety is a very important issue that I personally worry about often, but with this out of this world invention, I wouldn't ever have to worry about crashing, to an extent. Also, since these cars are basically crash proof, you'll always have a designated driver if you're unable to succesfully drive yourself home.

You always hear about crazy people driving recklessly under the influence, and taking thier lives, taking others lives, and harming themselves and the well-being of innocent bistanders. With this breakthrough car, drunk driving rates would hit rock bottom. People wouldn't have to put others, and themselves in any sort of danger, because you're not the one driving, your car is. Again, safety really plays a gigantic role in these vehicles. These wonder machines also have sensors, so that if for some reason traffic is too much to handle for the smart car, the car will send a vibration through your seat to alert you to take over.

To me, that's the only problem...the cars aren't fully in control. Evidence from the article states, " Google modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an internal motion sensor." Seems like alot of sensors! I would really love to nap at the wheel, but it seems as though I would be unable to proceed in doing that. So that is something I would definetely encourage manufacures to establish...no sensors, just pure driverless cars.

These cars are nothing short of amazing, and I can't wait to own one for myself one day. They are safer than your typical car, and also super cool and intereesting. So if you want more safety, and more reliablity, definelty go with the Google cars.        