The wheel was the first step that took society into the making of the mobile car. Today millions of cars are made each year to help humans transport around the cities and streets around the world. Every vehicle that is powered by gasoline emits carbon dioxide, this gas is very harmful for the enviorment, it causes the ozone later to slowly dissolve and it also causes acid rains. Traffic jams is one of the many effects of having too many cars in a certain populated area. Debt has also been an influencial part in the quantity of cars around the globe. Car usage and production should be drasticly reduced to ensure a better future for all living things in the Planet Earth.

Furthermore, Global warming has slowly made its toll on Earth, most of which has been produced by the Carbon Dioxide gases in the atmosphere, this gas is a mayor green house gas. Over the years cars have been more exstensivly used and have a great percentage in world contamination, As stated in article 1 pharagraph 5 "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of green house gas emissions in europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensove areas in the united states". This being, if car production and usage are reduced, Earth will have positive reactions to this change. The levels of global warming will also be reduced all around, this will help us conserve our north and south poles for a longer period of time, keeping safe all the animals related to that area like penguinzs and polar bears.

In addition, Traffic jams arent the most pleaseant place to be, due to the fact that they're unpredictable and in most cases highly annoying. Information from passage 2 pharagraph 14 states that "congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of france", this was due to oderly assigning days in which certain cars with certain license plates can drive through the cities of france. Less congestion means higher percent in mobility all around, this can greatly effect a 3 hour traffic jam to a simple 20 minute ride. Coming and going from places can be a brease, and this will also facilitate extra time for other potential activities. Reducing car usage and congestion can also lead to less accidents and car crashes.

Moreover, Leasing or buying a new car can come heavy on the pocket. Financial debt has been arounced ever since a currency started, debt is unpredictable sometimes and can happen to any individual. Having the latest model of a car can be a luxury only some can afford, the individuals who try and cant afford it ussually end up in debt, as reinforced in article 4 pharagraph 32 "Cash- Strapped americans could not afford new cars, and the unemployed werent going to work anyway". Ussually some individuals "bite more than they can chew" and this can harm not only one indivual, but the economy as a whole. Reducing the mayor debt that can come from car leasing can improve a counrtys economy and benift milliones of individuals.

Concluding, many reasons show society to reduce the usage of cars. One being that gasoline and petrolium powered cars can contaminate the planet Earth, melt our poles, destroy the ozone layer and cause harmful weather effects. Also, the reduction of cars can lead to the de-congestion of cities in which indiviuals can more easily and freely move around adding time for them to use as they like. Lastly, the economy can have a mayor boost if car reduction and usage from leasing can occur. In conclusion, the reduction of car usage and production is a great benefit for every individual who lives on Earth, and can lead to many great outcomes that will help members of society enjoy a better life style and have a safer future.    