In the articla "Making Mona Lisa Smile" they talk about how scientist came up with a technology that can read how people are feeling and what there emotions are. On this new technolgy I personaly both agree and disagree with whether the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable.

I agree with this technology only because of how they are planning on using this for students. They are planning on making a computer that knows when you're happy or sad. They said that this computer would be like if the computer knew you're emotions on each ad. For example if there was an ad that appeared on you're screen that you didn't like then the next ad would be on a whole different topic. But if an ad that you did like came up on you're screen then the computer will know wheather to have a similar ad appear next. They are also saying that this technology on a computer could know when a student is confused or bored, then it could modify the lessons, like a human instructor. The part where I don't agree with this new technology is where the technology its self would let other people know exactly what you are thinking and how you are feeling. I feel like this would interfear with others privacy. For example, if some one was really happy because something good was going to happen to them or to someone else then if others knew they where so happy for this then they would most likely be asking them and that person might want to keep it as a secret. This also goes for if someone is not feeling good or is really just sad about something but didn't want to talk about it because it was vary personal to them then if others where to use this technology on them then that would interfear with that persons privacy.

On this article "Makeing Mona Lisa Smile" I have discribed some of the reasons on why I both agree and disagree with having this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. Just because of the fact that there are both positive and negative effects on this statement as I have described.     