Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? There is a debate if students would benefit or not from online classes? Some people believe that students would do better if their classes are at home. I believe that you can learn more if you are in a regular class than just being at home because students can learn from other cultures or more things about life with other friends, if students do not interact with others in a future they are going to be afraid to do it, and finally if you are in a regular school you can do more activities and share with your friends.

First, when you are in a school of the united states you learn a lot from other cultures. Therefore besides than world geography, you learn from your friends countries and how is to live there. Also, when you have friends at school you share your problems and most of the time you learn more things about life with them and how you can be a better person.

Second, sometimes there can be shy people at school because they do not know how to interact with others or how to start a conversation. When you do activities in groups sometimes you make new friends and talk to others became easily than before. However, if students do not learn how to talk to others in public places they are going to be afraid in a future; imagine if they need to make a presentation at work, they are not going to be able to do it because they will be afraid to talk in front of all the co-workers. Learn how to interact with others is important for your future.

Third, it is important to get involve in activities at school; activities help you with your curriculum when you apply to college. Also, if you are in any activity you can share more with your friends. However, when you get involved with activities at school helps you to clear your mind when you have to many homework or when you are stress out about your classes. Therefore, some of the activities give a lot of skills in the thing that you would like to do in your future.

In conclusion, if students do not interact with others or neither have a friend to talk with, and they do not have activities to get involved with other people; students are not going to be successful if they try in a future to interact with a large group of people. Therefore, it is very important to learn from others and interact at your school. That is why I believe that everybody should take classes on a regular school, to learn how to get involved with others and be able to express your self.   