Dear State Senator,

Electoral Colleges have many resources on why they should still be in favor of keeping but I strongly disagree. Changing to election by popular votes for the president of the United States is way more resourceful because Electoral Colleges do not vote for the president of the United States and not all regions may have an opportunity to vote.

To begin with, Electoral Colleges do not vote for the president. Source 2 "Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" states " Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect for the president." This quote shows that if you vote for a slate of Republicans or Democratic electorss pledged the president but those electors won the statewide election, those electors would have to go to Congress and the president would get the amount of electoral votes the people have made. It's a process having Electoral College systems therefore, it's much easier having popular votes for the president.

Furthermore, Source 3 "Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" argues "No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president." This quote is stating that not everyone has a saying on who they want their president to be. Like people in the South may have many elctoral votes but not other regions like Northeast etc. The entire community should be able vote, everyone should be able to vote. Electoral college systems shouldn't be able to reject no ones vote. Moreover, changing elections to popular votes is better because people have a chance to vote the president they want.

Electoral College systems may be in favor in many ways like the winner takes all method, or each candidate running for president having their own electors. In whatever case it may be it's not fair to people having their own votes being rejected. Like i said in my previous paragraph everyone should have a saying on whom they want their president to be.

In conclusion, I'm in favor of chaging the elections by popular votes for the preisdent of the United States because everyone has the saying on the president they wish to have. Electoral Colleges do not vote for the president of the United states and not all regions pf the United States have an opportunity to vote.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME   