My grandfather would always say "creativity is done by the person on what they decide to do, not what others want them to do." The summer projects should be student-designed. One can use their imagination, and one can never know what amazing and jaw dropping projects the student might come up with. If a student is forced to make a project that the teacher designed, one might be limited on what they could create. Summer projects should student orientated; they could be creative and not be so limited.

Firstly, student might find it difficult to be creative if the project is teacher-designed. Students might see it as boring project and might not even do it, or might come out very uninteresting for others. For instance, a friend of mine made project for science and the students got to chose what to do. He created a sword, in which only works on specific people, can enable a person to drain or give someones energy or make them weak. It was incredible and something a scientist or any other person would dream of existing. One could see the other side and having the project being teacher orientated. Maybe it would make it easier to grade. A student from a different class made a volcano for his science class because the teacher told them to make one, and it was good but very unoriginal and used a lot. One can unlock a lot from their brains, if one isn't made to do something their not interested in.

Consequently, the projects from the student might not be as fascinating. Student would probably find it stressful because their might be limitation on what they can create. Most of the student, find it irritating, if a project is designed by the teacher. A lot of them might even over think it. For example, a senior last year had a summer project and it was teacher-designed project. He was struggling on it and he said " I do not have the freedom to make what I want and I feel restricted." At the end, he ended up not doing it and his grade dropped massively. Teachers need let student express them selves and let the students be free.

Morale of the story, teacher-designed projects are not a good idea. All the student creativity would be locked and the project might end up boring and unoriginal. Students might over think it and not do it, consequently will impact their grade. The student need to be free and express them selves. Having limitations would most likely result in the student struggling and stressing out.