A

dvice is something humans seek for most of their lives, and mostly because we need it a lot since us we are not perfect. We should be able to get advice from different types of people like have diversity and know the opinion of others about certain situations, or problems we have in our daily life. Seeking for multiple opinions can have a very positive effect on the people who need the advice, and honestly I do seek different perspectives all the time. There's many reasons why multiple opinions can help us in our lives to make a decision we are not exactly sure about. People usually seek for multiple opinions to get the specific answer they want but don't know if it's right, some of the people they ask advice are not so good at giving it, and sometimes they don't think they have enough information or advice. All these are reasons why people seek for more advice in more than just one person, and i'll explain why some of them can be so positive.

Most times when people look for a different opinion from the past one they got is because they're seeking a specific answer they want. When we are in a situation where we have no idea what to do,but deep down kind of know,we ask someone about their opinion on the subject and when we don't get the answer we were expecting we lose interest on knowing the rest of what they think and look somewhere else to get that answer that we want, but are not sure about. I'm one of these people to be honest because sometimes I know the answer to what I want to do about the situation I'm in, but think is wrong, so I go around asking my friends about what they think, and when most of them don't give me the answer I want or the reassurance I need about my decision I stop listening and look for another point of view that thinks the same way as I do. Unless you have experienced this you might not understand it, but sometimes people just want reassurance about what they think is the right choice, but don't want to share it because they think is wrong, so they just ask other people what they think so they can be sure the choice they make is positive. There's so many people who think alike and share the same thoughts as others, so they help each other, and looking for those extra opinions lets them find these people who they can connect with and be free to express what they think with them.

There's people who don't give the best advice out there and don't care about others, so us humans look for another person for a piece of advice. In my experience I've noticed there is many people who won't care if you ask for their advice and that's why we are required to look somewhere else. Being able to ask more people for their advice or opinion is very helpful because sometimes when the person we look up to the most to get the advice from isn't there to give it, we can go to all these other people who can help us, and give us the advice we need. When we don't get the best advice from people we also tend to go to someone else for help because the person who gave us the last advice wasn't as interested to help you, or they didn't know what to tell you. Also when we don't get the type of attention we want from someone we usually think they're not interested in us so we leave and ask somebody else, and that's when we get the good advice we were looking for and don't need more opinions or advice.

The last reason why we seek multiple people for advice or opinions is because we don't get enough information or advice from the first person we ask, so we look for more,and more. When I'm stressed about making a decision I usually ask my friends or my mom for advice, and when my friend or mom gives me the right advice, but I think I need a little bit more because we didn't talk about it much and I'm a little insecure I ask someone else so we can talk about it. People say to keep things to yourself and I mean they're right because who wants everyone all up on their business but sometimes we do need the people we trust and ask them for the advice or opinion we need and when one is not enough we go to another to get the right amount we want or need to be satisfact with ourselves. Having multiple people to talk to also gives us the opportunity to get the right amount of advice we would like. Getting enough information about the choice we will make is really important and being able to talk to more than just one person will let you get more of the information you're looking for.

These are three of the many reasons why having multiple people to get advice and opinions from is important and can have a positive effect on people. We don't always need a multiple opinions and advice, but there is times when we will need them, and it will be helpful. Everyone should help each other when we need their help because when they need it we should be able to be there for them, too. We all make mistakes and sometimes we need advice from each other to know what to do, but if people need our help we don't need to wait for something in exchange of our advice because we're all humans and need each other to be better each day. In conclusion we all need multiple opinions and advice from different people sometimes, and it could have have a positive effect on our lives, and that's why these resasons make many of us seek for those multiple advices and opinions everyday.                                         