Students would really benefit from being able to attend classes from home. One of the reasons that they would benefit is that if they are sick and cannot make it to school, they can still get notes and talk and learn from home, they still have that option when they cant attend school. Another reason is that if they are far from the school district and can't make it to the school they have online school, there they can still learn and participate. Last reason is that they have a better learning experience from themselves and having a one on one conference call so they can ask as many questions as they can because some people learn better like that. All these reasons support me on why schools should offer distance learning and how it would actually benefit students on learning and different situations.

My first reason on why school's should have distance learning is if they cannot attend school for sickness or any medical reason and just cannot be there. Many students get sick and are unable to come to school, but with distance learning, I think that students would be able to get what they missed and still learn from they days they have not been at school. Sometimes students get into injuries because of sports or just need a mental break from school and stay at home. Some students would feel safer and better at home, and it would be really beneficial for them to have that option of distance learning from home.

Another reason is that if the students live far from a school district and can't make it because of transportation. Some students live out in urban areas and there are no close schools to them and they should have an option to have distance learning. Other students don't have the transportation to get to school. While other students need to stay home for whatever reason and just can't make it to school. This would really help students in rural or urban areas or students that don't have a school close to them.

Last reason is for students that have a better learning experience from a one on one conference call or just like learning by themselves. All students have many different learning styles and one of them would be self learning through watching videos. Other students would have better help not being in a classroom and just having a one on one conference call with a teacher and they can get the most help they can get than being in school. It all depends on the students learning styles but students with these would probably be very beneficial to them.

In conclusion, all these reasons show how and why distance learning can be very beneficial to students. Students that are unable to attend school for being sick can still learn from home. Other students that dont live near school or are near a school district can still "attend" school and learn. Many students have different learning styles and self learning students and having one on one calls with teachers would really help them instead of them being in class or school. I think distance learning is a great option for students for these reasons and school should have them as an option for students to choose.