When you need advice, who do you go to?

If you only ask one person, then I i think that you should consider asking more people. After all, two is better than one! What harm can be done by asking more people? There is not one person that knows everything! When you ask more than one person, you can here more than one point of view, your information will be more likely to be accurate, and you will feel better about you decision.

when you need advice about something, mainly when it is something serious, you will want to hear more than one point of view. One piece of advice I hear a lot is to get a second opinion. Why do you think that is? Well, it is because it is a good piece of advice! As I said before, not one person is all knowing. even if we took all of the knowledge humans have, we would not even come close to knowing everything. with that being said, you are more likely to make a good decision if you ask more than one person. even if those people dont know everything, their combined knowledge still greater than the knowledge ether one of them posses on there own.

If need factual information, you should always consult more than one source. No one knows everything, as i have stated before, So to get more reliable information, you need to ask more than one person. say you are doing an experiment. you know that if you mess up a single thing, it could release a toxic gas. you know how to do everything except one thing. you ask one person about it. after they give you an answer, you thank them and go off to do the experiment.. you get to the part that your friend told you about and you do exactly what he said but it turns out that he was incorrect and you release the toxic gas and die. you could have potently prevented this if you had just asked a few more people.

Lastly, you will feel more confident in your decisions. If you have multiple people that agree on the decision you are planing to make, then it is more likely to be a good decision. Or say you are relatively sure about something. you ask someone if they think what you believe is true and they say yes the you feel more confident in what you know.

All in all, it is good to get a second opinion. it will help you make the right decision. after all it docent hurt to ask. So tell me, next time you need advice, will you get a second opinion?