Teachers are ready to go to action to help their students succeed and learn.

Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during the break, and coming back to school knowing whats coming. The summer projects should be designed by the teachers because teachers have it planned, teachers know the information needed on the project , and it gives the students a less work lode over their break.

First thing is, teachers would have the projects all planned out for their students, so the student won't have to worry to plan a project out. It gives a teacher a relief knowing that their student has a project ready for them, and not having to worry that the student for the them to make one. It is also important for the teacher to have it planned because they would have all the work needed on the project.

When the teachers plans it out it would be more organized. It is also better for the teacher to have it planned; because they can see where the students need help when they have completed the project.

Teachers would know what information is needed to help the student learn ,and get them ready for the upcoming year. When the teacher has all the work needed on the project; the student wont have to worry and look up what they need to study. This is important because it gives the teachers the information to see what their students are struggling in ,and plan ahead for the year. When the information is laid out for the student it would be more: organized to do their work, more efficient, and gives them a heads up to see what their struggling in. This will also be easier on the teacher when they have the project ready for the students because it gives them an idea how to grade the project.

The summer projects would be best if the teachers design them. Thats because when students are on break; they would get to lazy and not even want to start making a project for school. Also the student might even forget to design it on their own. Thats why when the teacher has it already designed; they can email their students, and remind them to work on the project that is already made for them. Another reason why the teacher should design the projects is, it gives the students time to be kids and have fun. Also it gives the students more time to enjoy their break with their family and friends. Over all it would give the student lees of a work lode over the break and let them be kids and enjoy.

Although students should be able to design their own projects because they can study and do the parts they need to learn more; other then having to do work that they already know, but teachers insures that all the students have the needed work and information that the students need to learn. Also the teachers would have all the information if the student forgets to include in their project. Over all it would be the best for the teachers and students if the teacher designed the project becuse:

it would be planned out, teachers know the information needed on the project , and it gives the students a less work lode over their break.                                             