Many may argue that 'driverless' cars will be a great fundamental change in the world. Driverless cars are only helpful if you really know how to use them properly. They are very dangerous when it comes to being on the road around a bunch of other people. Driving is already dangerous enough for young people with our phones so why make it worse on us? I believe that driverless cars will only make our world worse in every situation.

If you dont know how to use these 'driverless' cars there is really no point in owning one. Since 2009 people have been hoping to eventually have a car that drives itself but i dont think they actually looked at the logic behind it. This driverless car means there is really no learning taking place. Why even have a license if you wont ever need it because your car drives itself? It is practically a waste of time.

Another reason I would not approve of this evolving is because, just imagine all of the things that could happen if you are in a driverless car around a bunch of people on the highway. You could easily be going a certain speed limit and then have to speed up to a different speed and if you cant do that fast enough there is most likely going to be a crash. Does anybody see that driving and maintaining a certain type of composure in a car is hard enough?

Keeping your composure in a driverless car would practically be impossible. You can be way too relaxed in a driverless car and completely forget to pay attention to your surroundings, which is also extremely dangerous.

The last reason these cars should not be abbolished is because we all know how teenagers cant wait to get on the road. We also know how much us teens love our Facebook, Snapchat, Instagram, ect. This driverless car only promotes us to do these things while we're driving because of the simple fact that we dont have anything better to do. With this we can pay all of the attention we want to our cellular devices and hope that nothing tragic will happen. Hoping isnt good enough. If we keep everything the same we will be sure that teenagers pay close attention to the road instead of the distractions in the car.

That being said there are many flaws to this car. If you dont know what you are doing, do not put yourself in that situation. Not paying attention to your surroundings is very dangerous and leads to you crashing. Lastly distractions are a big problem in the United States and this car will only make them worse. Therefore I say no to the driveless cars. When it comes down to life or death i chose life. Safety always comes first.               