Mustangs, Mercedes, Hummers , and the "Punch buggy " are just a few brands of vehicles well known in America . Vechicles today are big factor in life  for the reason that cars are used every single day all around the world as transportation and although we have the bus or other ways to get to places , driving is the most selected choice to get to a location. With that being said , vehicles being used everyday has it positives and negatives .  Positives could be how it takes you to a location quicker than riding a bike or taking a walk ,  but have you ever thought all the negatives there is  when a car being used has ?Could you only imagine a world without car? It may seem like a crazy idea to think a world without cars but a life without cars could be a well functional world for the reason that cars could have contribuation to polution in our air or could make the world a so called different place.

In Addition, driving could have a contribution to pollution . Many may not think about it but cars emissions pollute the air we breath. In a article called "Paris bans driving due to smogs" it states how " after days of near record pollution in the air ,Paris enforced partial driving to clear their polution. Also how cold nights and warm days caused a warmer layer of air that trapped cars emission when used in Paris." Pollution in our air may seem a bit scary but the movement of less driving has already began without us noticing .In another article named " The End of Car Culture" it speaks on the subject " there has been a decrease in America in buying cars and driving."  Which is a great start to a better future in our world.

Furthermore , We can make the world a so called differnet place for the better. In a article called "In German Suburb, Life goes on Without Cars" it states how "their world with any cars has been sucessful by making where they live more compact and accessible to public transportation. This new approach now stores can be placed a walkway from main street than malls along a distant hallways ." Many places around the world have made a step to a better world for example in a article named " Car-free day is spinning into big hit in Bogota" it states " they had a day free of cars aka driving free to reduced thier pollution and have a more clean better world . Results from this event turned out sucessful , for that other countries have joined this event."

In Conclusion , A world without cars may seem crazy however just think of all the damages it does to the world than the positives because pollution is not something easy to get rid of and by stepping up to make change as it already began will help us live in  a better clean world.    