About 60% of students have a hard time catching onto lessons taught by another person and having a way to better understand or they have social anxiety and can't be around people without feeling uncomfortable or panic. Most students will be able to learn better in an environment they feel comfortable in. For an example, their own homes that way they aren't as anxious. Although, Most parents believe actual school is better for students because they might have a better chance in getting higher education and better jobs. Some students will benefit from online classes because it is less stressful, better learning environment and opportunities, and they have a better sleep schedule than they do in actual schools.

To begin with, students benefit from online classes due to it being less stressful. In schools the teachers make a short time period on assignments and have close deadlines which causes students to stress about getting them in on time. For example, english teachers give esssays and most of the time only ONE class period to finish them, but in some schools you dont have long class periods like middle school you get about 30 minutes each class everday for 7 periods. Deadlines can cause stress due to it being so close and not having enough time to begin and finish your work. Even with missing school days it takes away from your time to get your work finished on time but most teachers wont allow you to get more time. Online classes give you enough time to make up and finish your work so that you are stressful and not panicing about turning in late or missing assignments. They also allow you to get enough time to begin work and finish it. Unlike actual schools, online schools are flexible with your outside of school schedule.

Furthermore, better learning opportunities and understanding. Most students cannot learn by being taught by a fellow classmate or teacher. For example, student athletes might not catch onto whats being taught unless its demostrated by their sport. Students can learn by using their hobbies or even visual productions to understand what they are learn or being taught,but most students might enjoy learning and teaching themselves the lesson they are giving. From a students perspective notes are better taken when they are giving the documents and lessons to them and they take them theirselves rather than a teacher handing them a note sheet. For some students visual examples or lessons are easier for them to catch onto unlike a paper giving to them. Other students learn quickier when they can relate their hobby or sport to what is being given to them . Onlne classes allow you to learn in the way that you can better understand.

Last, online classes allow you to have a better sleep schedule. Actual schools can cause lack of sleep due to the stress students have from their assignments. Online classes allow you to get a good rest and a flexible schedule. These classes can be taken at anytime so that you wont have to worrying about staying up late trying to get everything done and losing sleep. You can take online classes in the morning or afternoon and in between you can nap or get rest so that you are not straining your brain. Lack of sleep can cause you to lose focus so it is very important that you have a good nights rest. Online classes make it easier to sleep at night because classes dont run late and assignments dont have close deadlines. Classes taken online give you enough time to almost finish or finish assignments so you are not up all night stressing and rushing through to get everything done and on time.

In conclusion, online classes are a better benefit for students. Students benefit in more positive ways from online classes. Students can benefit from online classes because they are less stressful, better learning environment and opportinies, and a better sleep schedule .