Dear state senator,

The Electoral College is a process of choosing the United States president that was created when the Constitution was written. Electors from each state  choose a candidate for their state based on the people's popular vote. Some people believe the Electoral College should be abolished while others want to keep the system. The Electoral College should be abolished in the United States and the president should be chosen by popular vote for several reasons.

Of course, there are many valid points why the Electoral College is still a good system and should be kept. "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region (South, Northeast,etc.) has enough electoral votes to elect a president..." (Posner,19). This stops one specific region of the US, especially if the president is dominantly popular in that region, from being the main decision for president, so every state in every region has a fair chance in deciding the president. Also, "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution..." (Posner,21). This gives larger states that have more voting citizens a bigger influence on the desision of the president than smaller states that have less voting citizens unlike how the Senate gives an equal number of representatives to each stater reguardless of the states size. However, all these arguments to keep it lack good logical reasoning and are outdated. So, we should abolish the Electoral College and give the choice of the election to the people through popular vote.

The first reason we should get rid of the Electoral College is the system is outdated and unfair. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president..."(Plumer, 10). What this means is the electoral college is non-democratic in the fact that the people don't choose their leader, the electors do based on the peoples choice but in the end its all up to them. Also, a state with more electors will have a bigger impact on the choice than one with less so it doesn't really come down to the peoples' choice, it comes down to what state you live in. Another argument is "Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the 'swing' states..."(Plumer, 13).                                            