Asking for advice is one of the main subjects that is not touched on as other subjects. Advice can help a human grow mentally and physically. Asking more than one person for advice gives options for whats right or wrong in anybodies opinion. Advice is getting support when you are not sure how handle or fix a problem. Many people ask for advice from friends, doctors, therapist, parents, siblings, you can get advice from anybody that you feel comfortable with. Therefore, Advice can benefit you emotionally and mentally, helps with later decisions in life, and develops you to ask for help when you need it.

It can be hard and easy to ask for advice, but it's worth seeing different perspectives and opinions from multiply people that you trust. This can help later in life when you can make decisions for yourself and decide on what you think is good for this problem, and make a effective solution. Asking a teacher for advice, then asking your parents for advice can be different, or it could also be the same and that's okay. This makes your brain work and really think, will this help me? Or will it make me regret it for this rest of my life? It's not easy to make these decisions, but it helps to know what you can do with your information. "Make dew." is a popular saying, meaning to work it out, you will know what's right and wrong, because you control what happens with you and your future.

Traumatic events happen, even if you do not appreciate it happening, or even if the chances are dramatically low. It can still occur, and you cannot avoid it. This can be very emotional or devastating for a lot of people, going to doctors and therapist can help you get through it when asking for advice. Its their job to be there for you and people just like you. Telling them how you feel will make you feel better, even if its just the slightest it can make a difference, and that just happens when they are just sharing their opinion and being there for you. Connecting with other people with experience like you can help. Asking for their advice can help as well, because it can be similar traumatic events that both participants have gone through. It won't be easy, but it makes you grow as a person and letting go of the feelings and share. Doctors, therapist, and people with similar events, will not have the same exact opinion or advice, it does not mean they are wrong.

The more you ask for something, the better. You get better at getting what you prefer out there, instead of keeping it to yourself and regretting it later. Asking for help is major, its okay to ask for help, its okay to feel uncomfortable when you do ask for help. Its not going to be easy for everyone. That's why we have so much leadership in our life, thats why parents, friends, doctors, grandparents, are here for your help. They are here for your back support. If you can't tell your own parents that something wrong is going on, it can be difficult for you. Therefore, practice and don't be afraid, because it's your parents job to make you feel better, and help you to get on the right track.

Advice helps you learn and feel good about yourself. It helps with relationships, projects, school, stress, goals, occupation, and lastly life. Advice will be always be around for you to use. Asking for ideas and direction will make you stronger, wiser, and can make people trust you for advice. Help is not something you should be afraid of. You embrace it. Asking for help does not make you're weak, it makes you feel better. Not asking for help doesn't mean you're strong and doesn't make you smart either. Why would you ask multiply people for advice or help? It helps with communication and decision making, helps with mental and emotional health and state, and develops you to ask for more advice when you feel like it is needed.