To whom this may concern,

The "winner takes all" system we've been using doesn't work. Less power is essentially being given to the people, and, some are even being ignored.

In cases such as Al Gore's, the people said yes, and the College said no. And, voters didn't like this. According to a Gallup poll in 2000, after Al Gore lost the race, "over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now", meaning, Mr. Senator, it's time for change. In addition, this system easily allows for a tie. In this event, the results of the race would be decided by the House of Representatives, which we all know would swiftly put in a vote for the Republican canidate. And, since the Senate has also been recently dominated by Republicans, they too would choose one of their own, resulting in two branches of the government dominated by one political party.

Moreover, with this faulty system, many people are being ignored. As you may recall (or not), "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad."(Source 2, Paragraph 13) [(Although not seeing the ads might not have been a bad thing. (I'm just kidding.)] Why is this important? Because the people need to see and meet their canidates, but due to the electoral collage, people are being ignored. If the majority of the votes are known to be going to one canidate or the other, they will most likely not be visited by either side, because whom that state's electoral votes are going to are essentially locked in. The only states that recieve any attention are the "Swing states" (Source 2, Paragraph 13) that are pretty equal on both sides and can be easily swayed to pick one canidate or the other.

The only evidence to refute my claim would be that "Maine and Nebraska each have a variation of proportional representation" (Source 1, Paragraph 7), which actually might work; however, this would require all the states to change their policies, which we all know won't happen very easily.

So, in summary, Mr. Senator, the way things work is going to need to change, we are being ignored and elections are being thrown. If you don't help us change this, the power of electing the president is going to remain with our, faulty, college.

I hope you consider this,

PROPER_NAME    