The Face

The Face that was found on Mars couldn't have been created by aliens. If so where is the proof of these aliens. Ask yourself if you really believe the Face was created by aliens? Dont you believe their would be some sort of evidence after all of the exploring of Mars. In this essay I'm going to write a argumentive explaining why aliens could'nt have made the Face and why I belive it is just a natural landform.

I believe that this Face that was found on Mars could be a natural landform becuase of paragraph twelve. This paragraph says that the Face has resemblance to a butte or mesa, which are common landforms on Earth in the American West. It also states that it has resembalance to the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. These details are not exactly evidence that the Face is a natural landform, but it gives probable cause to think that it possibly is a natural landform.

For those who feel that the Face was created by aliens, dont you belive their would be some type of evidence of a life form on Earth. As paragraph eleven stated if their were other structures like pyramids, airplanes, or small shacks we would be able to see what they were because we could dicern things in a digital image three times bigger than the pixel size. If their were aliens I'm sure NASA wouldn't keep it a secret because they would possibly get more donations or money from people wanting NASA to go up and get even more pictures. Or even for NASA to take people up there themselves like a trip.

Those who belive a alien created the face possibly would say that NASA would keep aliens a secret because it would frighten some people. They also could ask the question how and why did the rock or land for the way it did if its just a land form? For the first statement I can say that could be true, but the question I can't answer. I sure that someone who has studied it could though.

The alien belivers can also say that the aliens hide when humans come to Mars but that is something that can't be proven or disproven.

In conclusion, aliens couldn't have made the Face because their should be some type of proof that their has been life on Mars. Especially since we have photos of Mar's surface and have a rover on its surface. I feel that the Face is just a natural landform because it resembles a butte or mesa and because their is no sort of proof that their are aliens or any type of life form on Mars. Alien belivers could ask the question, how was the Face formed like a face, but I can't answer this question.           