I believe that summer projects should be student-designed.

Students would rather not do any work at all during their summer break. I understand how one can see a teacher-designed project as better because teachers give work that will help kids learn, but summer is the time for kids to relax, hang out with friends and family, and simply enjoy being stress free for a couple of months.

So, if kids have to do summer projects it might as well be something they enjoy.

If kids get to base their project as a student designed project, then it will give them a change in school work, they will appreciate the work more, they may even look forward to the work over the school year, the kids will learn from it and spend more time on the work.

Not only all of this, but the kids will start out the year will a happy outlook when discussing the project.

Since most schools require students to continue learning over the summer, it should be something the students put time and effort into, and enjoy doing for once.

Students spend all year doing teacher-designed work, so when it comes to doing more school work over the summer break, doing something a little different may be beneficial for the students.

Kids will get a change on the way school work is instructed on how to do.

They will be more interested in the work because it is something they will be able to create and plan themselves, whereas their teachers did not have any part in the planning aspect of it.

Students will also learn to appreciate the work more since it is something they came up with.

They want the project to look good since no one else is doing the exact same project.

Given a chance to come with their own work gives them a chance to express their ideas in a way that they believe should be shared.

Students may even look forward to this project over the school year prior to the summer when it is assigned.

Of course most students would rather not have work at all, but if they know they have work such as a summer reading assignment with a huge packet given for summer work, they will dread that aspect of summer. However, if students are given the idea that they can design their own project they will be excited for it, and start putting some serious thought into it.

Students given the opportunity to create their own project is at least one positive aspect of them having to do work of their summer break.

Kids want to keep busy over the summer.

They want to go and enjoy the sun and warm weather.

If students have a teacher-designed project I know for a fact most kids would procrastinate and put it off till the very last minute because it is something I would do, however, if a student can design their own project they will make more time for it since it is their own creation.

Not only will they put more time into it, but they will put more effort into it.

They want a project idea that they came up with to look good, and they want it to look like they put a lot of work into it.

Students will also even learn from it.

Normally with teacher-designed projects kids just want to get the work done and never think about it again, but if the students themselves create it and actually put more effort into it, they will learn from it.

They learn from their projects by creating something that appeals to them and it is what helps them to understand whatever they are suppose to base the project on.

Students will also have a happier outlook when starting the school year because they are turning in something they came up with.

They also get to discuss something they created which means they will be more knowledgeable about what they are talking about.

Whereas with a teacher-designed project a student will dread the beginning of the school year knowing the first week or two is going to be about the boring summer project.

If given a student-designed project, kids will make time and build in their project as apart of their summer break.

It wont be dreaded or even get worked on at the last week of summer.

Overall if students are required to do work over the summer to assure that they continue learning, then the work should be student-designed.

Projects that are student designed has many potential benefits for the students since it is a way for them to express there interest on certain topics, and a way for them to learn in a way that benefits them specifically.  