Often times, students are staying home or doing homework and it can get boring. Students should have something to look forward to, like playing on the school basketball team, or playing the violin! They should have a special time to learn something new or keep practicing something they enjoy. Sometimes, they might not even realize that they enjoy something before they try it. I have my own experience, When I was in 6th grade, I was against the idea of any kind of sport and all I wanted to do was draw and play video games. I was uncomfortable with myself and I went to the doctor. The doctor then proceeded to tell me that doing a sport would help me. I was upset at first when I started tennis and now it's my favorite sport. I want to inspire students by having every one of them participate in at least one extracurricular activity. It is an excellent idea, and it would be very beneficial to students.

Health and Mindset improvement

Many students have unhealthy eating habits and a lack of exercise that has a drastic impact on students. Most children with unhealthy eating habits and a lack of physical activities are unhappy because they lack endorphin. Encouraging students to pick a sport can help one make healthier choices or get into better mindset to try new things and make new friends. Trying new activities can help you find new interests and is another way to improve your mental health because you have something to look forward to. Being bored is another cause of an unhealthy life style. If you're always bored that means you almost never have anything to do. Most of the time when people are bored it makes people sad. But you can prevent that by participating in an activity. It is also beneficial because you discover new experiences and learn from your mistakes which leads to potential character development.

Students can make new friends

For some students, making friends can be very difficult. They may feel lonely or excluded from things because they don't have many friends. They also may not have anyone to hang out with them outside of school. However, when you join a club or extracurricular activity it is much easier to make friends because you are surrounded by peers who share similar interests with you and are easier o talk to because of that. Trusted adults are very important for an individual to have because without one, you don't have an experienced individual to consult when you have issues like bullying, home life, school, or if you just need someone to talk to. Most extracurricular activities have an adult running them like a Coach, Teacher, or a Parent that could be a wise individual to talk to when you have a problem. Some students do not have good role models at home and Trusted adults may also be a good individual to follow.

Students may learn new skills or improve at what they're good at

When people hear something they think they dont like, their first reaction would be negative. I think students should be pushed out of the "It doesn't look fun so I don't like it" mindset. It is an obstacle to trying new things and will never help the student. Trying new things can unleash new interests and will help a student with their life path because it will be easier to pick a college major, job, or elective. That is very important because many students when they have graduated high school don't know what they want to employ as. Therefore, it wastes time that the student can be using for college, university or employment. A student can continue an extracurricular activity that they are good at and it will help them improve at that skill. Most professional athletes, Artists, and Musicians have been practicing since childhood and that is how they became a professional. And students can accomplish that too if they try their best and join an activity.

Overall, students learn an abundance of skills while doing extracurricular activities like, communication skills, healthy habits, time management, creative and critical thinking and many more. There is no harm in trying new things. So, why not join an extracurricular activity today?