In the age of technology, the questioning of seemingly 'old' systems and institutions has become common for better or for worse. Many schools offer online classes, or distance learning, as an option for those who are unable to take the course in-class. However, should the in-class education system be questioned simply because it is possible online? Education in schools physically is extremely important for the purpose of social development, preparation for the future, and for the availability of activities and resources.

Social development is necessary for a person to function well in society; this cannot be fostered online as it requires face-to-face communication and interaction. In Psychology, Erik Erickson, a developmental psychologist, established the Stages of Development, a chart which describes essential stages during the life of every person. Any disruption to these stages can result in a hindering of social abilities or abilities to understand oneself. Online schooling would disrupt many of these stages as many correlate to community and friendship; something that would be difficult to find for many, especially those who are young. Additionally, Behavioral Psychologists have proven that people learn through observation, especially at a young age. In order for positive learning to occur, however, a relationship, such as a close friend, parent, or teacher, is very important. Online, especially for elementary age students, fun activities that appeal to their curiosity are far more difficult to find; but in school, a child has the ability to reach their full potential, learning with friends and working in groups. A disruption to a developmental stage or to observational learning could have a devastating domino effect on a student, preventing them from finding great success.

In addition, attending classes in school is very beneficial in preparing students for the future. While some may argue that distance learning allows for more concentration, this is not necessarily true. In-class education gives students a glimpse into the reality of work; it allows students to learn and work in conditions that they will likely be in in the future. Understanding others through group projects and adapting to challenges in work allows a student to be prepared for concentration in many environments. Also, online education allows students to cheat much more easily with search engines, such as Google. This problem, although found in schools, is far more prevalent online as there is no teacher to see the cheating. Some may also argue that online schooling encourages students to do their own planning; however, this is not any different from students who attend in school. In schools, students are held to the same standard as online students in regards to assignments, but the punishment for neglecting to turn in an assignment on time must be faced in person, which is far more harsh and realistic to the future. Therefore, in class education encourages students to take responsibility and ownership of their mistakes.

Finally, in school education allows students to pursue new activities and resources that may not have otherwise been found. Throughout classroom schooling, activities that may seem unimportant to some are in fact extremely important. For example, the arts and PE--activities which could not be required and/or resourced at home--build thinking skills, kinesthetic skills, and stronger group relationships. Additionally, resources for the future, such as college planning and SAT preparation, may be difficult to find at home, but in schools, a counselor can help a student plan for such things. This is extremely important as it ensures that hard work is positively used in leading a student towards his or her goals.

Online education, or distance learning, is not beneficial for students. Social development is not fostered in an online learning setting, thereby causing negative effects on the student, especially if the student is a child. In addition, students are not prepared for the future in distance learning as they are not fully held accountable for their mistakes and creates a unrealistic environment for work. Finally, without attending a school, activities and resources are lost, causing students to have less possibility for success and the pursuing of activities that give them joy. 