Dear principal

I am writing to you because most of the students that are going to or already have been joined in sports have a C for their average in school. Most of the student have a C are a little bit angry because that can't join sports. If they go to tutoring they try their best to get their grades up. One of these days they are going to cancel sports because there aren't many students joining them. This is what I think you should do.

You should let them join sports because that is what they want to do. If they are not allowed to play it is like they are taking something special away from them. People are always saying how they can't do anything in this school. Most of the time they move schools because they don't like the rules in that school. If people are moving to another school then more and more will do the same and soon there will be no one in that school. They will close the school down and that school will be history.

Students that like sports are always talking about how their coach in telling them how their getting better and better each day. If they cant go anymore they are missing more and more days then that is bad. They will get worse and worse each day they miss something because they did' t o to though classes on though days. Some student are going crazy or they are getting stressed out because they are trying to get their grades up. Sometimes they feel like their hair is going to fall off.

i think you should let them join sports. Even if they have a C for their average. They will not move to another school and they will not start talking about how mean you are. That is why you should let them take sports. People need sports to show them about teem work because I say it also helps in regular school.

This is what I say about the rule. You want to see us grow up and have fun. Well then let us have fun, this is that I say. This is what we all say. let us grow up and have fun.

This is what we want you to do, let us join sports even if we have a C.