Would you like your parents being disapointed in you beacause you didn't do well in your grades? They say your always focusing on school sports, being, council, etc. They think you don't focus on your school work. That might not be the reason, you could be struggling in your studies because of the school activity your told to do. i know my parents would be disapointed in me for having bad grades. I definetly don't support the principles decision of making it a requirement for students to participate in an activity.

Some parents make their kids run errands, doing so may lead them to not be able to participate. They might have younger siblings they have to watch over which makes it hard as well. Students of extra assistance might not be able to do the activities. As the year will go by, studies will get more advanced. Students might get stressed, with the activity on their hands they might get more stressed. I know how it feels to be stressed and overwhelmed as a student, things are harder to get done with being pressured. People have different things going on in their lives, it might be hard for them to go to school if there family are not in their llife as much. They could live far away from the school and have no tranportation for school or attending their own game practices.

I think they should require only what is mandatory to pass the current grade students are in. Sport, running for student council, or participating in a school related event should be optional. Some people don't like participating in sports and all these other things, it just might not be their thing. Parents might wanna put their kids in tutoring after school because of their grades, but unfortunatly they can't because they got game practice or school duties. All of these problems caused by the principles decision will lead to students transferring to another school. It might also put a bad name on the school.

The staff and teachers at the school might be paid a smaller amount of money than their regular pay. If there are no students at the school, the teachers might quit their jobs. The school might shut down, we can't let this happen. If we all work together we can make a big change! We can talk the principle out of this, make students happy, and parents proud again! The parents and students lives wont be so stressful anymore.

Finally, that is why i reject having to participate in an school activity. I want to study stress free and have my life at ease. Students should participate in school activities only if they want to. They shouldn't be forced to if it's not required. I would reccomend the principle to come out with more previleges to help students with their studies intead!