Dear Principle,

I am writing a letter to you because i want to talk to you about what I think our school should do about having community service. I think that having community service should be put into school because its good for high school as a credit, helps the earth environment, and makes the school go green about things.

When we all go to high school they want us to enter the school with community service done so that we help the community more and to have it as a credit. For example : we can attend and help the old people at a resting home or help at a local library to show that we have done our hours for school and that we have dedicated to something by helping the community. Teachers would probably like that quality in a kid so they would put you in a advanced classes since they see that you are smart and dedicated to do something as you are told to do so.

Doing community service can also help the earth. our earth has been going threw a difficult time because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and doing some community service can help it a lot. Like going to the beach and picking up the garbage left on the sand ,or picking up trash left on the streets stuff like that would be perfect. Our global warming is getting really bad and doing community service shows that you care for the earth and you are willing to do something to save it.

Also when doing all of this community service the school will be known as a going green school. We can have recycled paper and bottles to show that we go green for the earth and so that we try to cut down on killing trees. Having all of this may make the school more popular because parents would want that since its better for there child education and learning process for their kids to know more about the community, our planet earth, and how to help it in many different ways.

Well thank you for you time , I hope that you take this opportunity and try it because doing so can really make a difference for the environment, community, and the school.

Sincerely your student ,

STUDENT_NAME