Every person has had different experiences in their past, So when trying to get advice you should look for a larger group of people rather than just one person. Asking more than one person for advice is a good idea because it gives you a larger view on the subject, so you are not tied down by the advice of only one person. It also helps to ask many people for advice because it could help you get a better advice based on the situation, like when asking for basketball advice you would go to many different basketball players to try to find the best answer that could be most useful to you. And lastly you should ask many people for advice because it could help you change your views on the subject.

Asking many people for advice could give you many different views on the subject. If you were to ask people for advice for car parts to fix your car, it would be better to ask many people like the store owner and customers of that store to get both views on the subject. The store owner might say that the part they are selling is the best part ever, but you could ask a customer and the customer could say it is the worst part they have ever bought. After asking both the store owner and the customer you can get a better idea on what to buy for your car. you could also be asking about football advice, if you have asthma you would go to many football players that have struggled with asthma too. But if you go football players that have never had asthma they could tell you something different and that could give you more ideas on ways to improve rather than just working on your breathing. Overall I think that getting advice from multiple people could help you get many different views on the subject.

It's also more helpful to ask many people for advice because it could help you find a better answer to your specific situation. When asking people for advice to buy a cheap boat you could ask a few people and they could give you suggests that would be extremely expensive, but if you kept asking people, someone might give you advice on a very good cheap boat that you could afford. By asking more than one person you could increase your chances of getting better advice. If you are asking advice for soccer shoes that you want to be functional, you could ask many people and they could give you many suggests that only look cool but aren't very useful. But you could ask professional soccer players and they could give you suggests that are extremely useful to you specially. I think that asking more than one person for advice could help find a better answer to your specific situation.

Asking many different people for advice could also change your perception on the subject and you could develop your own ideas about the topic. If you are asking for advice for how to write better about a specific topic many people could give you the same answer, but others might say to think outside the box and write more than just the topic presented to you, which could open a whole new world of ideas. You could also ask advice about whether being vegan is good for your health, and many people could say yes but others might say that you could develop a vitamin deficiency by not eating certain meats which might be something you've never thought of in a vegan diet. When talking about climate change you could ask many people what is the most important resource to save, and many people could say trees. But others could say the coral reefs because it produces most of the world's oxygen and that could be something you would have never thought of. Overall I think that asking many people for advice could change your perception on the subject and you could develop your own ideas.

In conclusion I think that asking different people for advice is a great idea because it helps you get many different views on the subject rather than just one idea. Getting different views on the subject could help you make a better decision based on the experience of everyone else. Asking many people for advice could also increase the chances of you getting a better answer that could benefit you in your own specific situation. Getting a better answer could help you save money, time, and lots of effort. And lastly I think asking many people for advice could change your view on a topic or subject. Changing your view on a subject or topic could help you develop new ideas that could benefit you and another person that may ask you for advice. 