Asking for advice is something very resourceful and will help people make better choices .When seeking multiple opinions they can all vary depending on the type of person you speak to. When speaking to a very low profiled person they will most likely give you weak advice. However when speaking to someone well known like a best friend or family member the outcome of the advice will be stronger.

When asking for advice from a very low profiled person the result of their opinion will most likely be weak. Advice is something that has to be helpful and very important because it will guide you to make better choices. You shouldnt ask someone you dont know for advice because of the their lack of knowledge about you. It's like asking a stranger how to get along with your parents,they wouldnt know how to respond but will most likely give you a small tip and say " Just listen to them'' and move on as if they are not concerned. If you take that advice you will realize that it was so dull and that it wasnt helpful at all. This is why you should ask more people and seek more advice. The man who said ''Just listen to them'' was one opinion but there is many more to hear out from that are more valuable.

When asking for advice from a well known person or friend the result of their opinion will be strong. Unlike from a low profiled person or someone well unknown the result of the their opinion will be weak. Asking for advice from a well known person such as family member or friend will have a stronger outcome. The advice will have a stronger outcome because they know you well enough to provide you with what you need. If you are having problems with your parents it is possible that you will ask a best friend or a sibling for advice. Perhaps they will give you a strong tip or will talk further into depth about it. The advice they probably tell you is "Show respect" and "follow directions the first time given" .These tips are very useful so you take the advice and use it. You can see that those tips were more useful than the strangers tips this is why seeking out to multiple opinions of advice can help make better choices.

Asking the close family member gave the most efficient advice because of the knowledge they had for you. Asking someone such as a family member or a best friend for advice is most likely the best choice that you can choose. However when asking a stranger or someone you dont know for advice will give you the least efficient outcome and provide you with the weakest form of advice. The stranger didnt give the best advice because of his lack of knowledge about you.

Talking to more than one person for advice is always the way to go. Talking to more than one person for advice is the best choice, because you can see everyone's perspective on what they see. If you ask one person for advice you can not really compare their opinion to anyone else's. When you see two perspective's there is always two side of the story. When one side is told there is a possibility it can be very dull and useless. When the other side is told it could be the complete opposite and have everything you need in it. This is why seeking more than one opinion of advice is important ,you can compare it to the other opinions you have and conclude it to what you need. This is why talking to more than one person for advice is a better choice than talking to just one.                                                         