Using Facial Action Coding System technology would not be useful in a classroom due to each student learning in a different way and teachers not being able to target to each individual student's best way of learning as well as the constantly changing emotions of students.

Because teachers are not able to adjust their teaching style for each individual student, students would continue to be unhappy and bored during class and no problem would be solved. According to Dr. Huang, "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." While this is true, students are taught by humans, not computers, and education is in a group setting. A teacher cannot change their lesson just because one student is bored or confused. They may be able to work with them one-on-one later, but changing how the lesson is being done can affect the ability of the other students to learn the lesson.

In younger grades, students often change emotions very quickly due to a lack of maturity and focus. For older students, they are often tired from lots of homework, sports, and early start times. With the Facial Action Coding System, negative emotions or quickly changing emotions would cause a problem in a school scene. Dr. Huang stated, "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. So, computers need to understand that, too."

The facial expressions being read from a tired high school student could cause this system to be constantly trying to find a way to teach the student that he or she would enjoy, only leading to unproductivity.

Using the Facial Action Coding System in schools would cause more problems than it would solve. Students would still be in a similar setting in classes due to their teachers not being able to adjust their teaching style or lession for one specific student. Students would also lose more time for learning due to their constantly changing emotions and the software attempting to change the learning style to match them. Using the Facial Action Coding System would have a negative impact both students and their education.   