Dear Principle,

I don't agree about the new policy change and i do agree in a way.

I do agree that having a higher grade average would help but it might be to hard for kids to do. Having the grade point average higher would benefit students, parents, teachers, and the school too. If the grade point average did get set at a B range for students to be able to play sports it would make it so the kids that really want to play try harder in school and go home and actually do homework. But then you have the side of students who actually struggle at school to do homework and pay attention in class. So the side that struggles really makes the new system a problem. If you were to raise the grade point average to a B you would need a new policy for it to work too.

A new policy would possibly be different from the one the school has now.

The policy would make it so that you would get a chance to learn the subject completely and that you would have a week and a half or so to get your grade up. But this would only happen once for each class. Also you could have grade checks every Friday of the week for any student that participates in a sport, such as football and wrestling. By making sure that kids have a B or higher the every Friday checks would make it so that kids wouldn't fall behind. Kids not falling behind means that kids would more then likely get better score on MAPS tests, MSP tests, ( measure of student progress) and on CBA's (class room based assessment). Having better score on these tests would make the school look better too. Having better state tests would get your school noticed and the school could also get grants too. the grants would help pay for smart boards, new projectors, and more and better sports gear.

So even though having higher test scores would be difficult for some students it would bring many good things to the school too. If you were to raise the grade point average to a B for sports players it could possibly bring new gear and equipment for the sports teams. So principle make the grade point average a B or higher for sports, it could improve the school heavily.