LIVING CAR-LESSLY

There's a revolution that stands before us in the form of a new lifestyle: Car-free living. Taking the globe by storm this global phenomenon presents us with a more efficient enviornment, a huge drop in car accident tragedies, and a more functionable lifestyle.

First and foremost, the given: a better enviornment. Air pollution is a global issue that has become very previlant in our society today. In places such as Paris, France, extremes as far as fines for those who drive around in cars are enforced as a way to fight it's overly dense smog. Also, the president of the United States, Barrack Obama, has set a goal to curb the greenhouse gas emissions in the country. When government iniative are set to such its obvious that it's becoming an issue. If everyone begins to enforce a car free lifesyle then the world will reach a tremendous turning point and will be able to preserve our planet for the future generations.

Furthermore, it is known that car accidents are a common occuring issue whether it be small or deadly. Intoxicated or sober accidents can be just as bad. There will be no more bikers or pedestrians being hit and need to hitch hike will no longer be an issue as well. If we remove cars form our lives then we get the advantage of putting our society in a more safe way to transport.

Finally, car free lving will make us a more functionable lifestyle. The need of having to go so far for simple things will no longer be an issue due to the fact that everything that would be essential would be easier and closer to assess. People would begin walking more which would very much so decrease the obesity rates in many places. Also the expanison of public transportation will mean that people are more likely to have a more direct stop near the places they go.

In sumation, living car-lessly is a life lived less carelessly. It brings a coupious amount of advantages which means that everyone will have a safer, more funcitonable, and efficient lifestyle.    