I agree with the principals decision that all students should participate in atleast one extracurricular activity, it helps students learn new things, make new friends, and have a break from the daily stresses of school. In todays tough and rigorous education system, students of all ages come home stressed, worried, tired, and upset. The goal is not just to learn anymore but to succeed and ace every single exam. I believe that if everyone had a relaxing and enjoyable activity with no grades or stress, school would become a much more enjoyable place for students, and become a healthier environment for students to successfully thrive in.

This decision will help in four aspects of the students health; academically, physically, socially, and mentally. Academically, like mentioned in the previous paragraph, is greatly improved. Students need a break from the constant testing and late night studying and hours of homework. Personally I know many, many students who are up late at night and up early in the morning, cramming for their many school projects. An activity for them once a week would greatly reduce their sky high stress levels and lead to a better education. For example, I personally know that when I'm extremely confused or worried with my school work, all it takes is ten minutes outside and I feel a lot more calmed down and ready to focus and tackle my homework. I strongly believe that adding this program will rise so many students grades up by a lot.

The next aspect is how this is physically beneficial. Every day students are cooped up in their classrooms, in their uncomfortable chairs, straining their eyes. Once middle school begins you can say goodbye to recess, and when high school starts you begin ninety minute classes. The sitting around for hours on end just gets worse and worse as the workload increases. Those who choose to play sports can make sure to get in their healthy amount of excersize and stay fit and active. Those who do an art class or take pictures for the yearbook are still up, moving and stretching, this is crucial to a growing students health after sitting for seven hours. Students deserve the opportunity to get up and move around because many are sore and tight after sitting for so long. It may not be easy to realize but just giving them that hour of movement after school is so, so beneficial to their health.

The last two aspects are mentally and socially. Mentally has been touched on already, the brain needs a new activity, a break from the constant learning, to explore new paths and try new things. Expand the boundaries of you mind in ways you don't in school. However another aspect of this is emotion. Happier, more social students can usually perform better because they have things to look forward to after school that keeps them positive throughout the day. Some students who are having trouble making friends, or are new to the area can now find a whole group of people to spend time with, and better yet all these people have the same interests as them. This can really benefit some lonely students. It can really make the difference for their grades too, when they become a lot more outgoing. I remember one year, a new girl moved to our school and was rather lonely, she joined the musical, got the lead, and by the end of the year had lots of supportive friends and fellow theatre enthusiasts cheering her on. It was great to see how being a part of something really helps you expand your friend groups and meet people you would have never spoken to if not for the activity. It goes to show how positivity and a better outlook help keep up your energy to really engage with your classes and teachers.

In conclusion, it is crucial for a students proper development and overall educational experience that they are given a break from the demanding tasks of school to enjoy themselves. To give themselves some time to relax, and simply do what they enjoy while meeting new people, learning new things, becoming healthier, becoming happier, and more prepared to conquer the next day of school. I truly believe this decision will greatly benefit the overall health and well-being of all students.