Some schools may force their students to participate in something they don't want to, and that's just unfair to them. Nobody likes to be forced to do something in any scenario, especially kids who just want to relax and have fun. Students shouldn't have to participate in an activity because it would cause to much pressure, they would lose their freedom, and too many kids might like the same thing and overload it.

One thing that kids cherish the most about school is meeting new friends and hanging out with them after school, but extracurricular activities can get in the way of that. Kids should be able to do whatever they want after school instead of being forced to go to soccer practice. Kids have rights, just like adults and making them do something is a direct violation of their 1st Amendment rights. But some of them might like what their doing, and others don't. They shouldn't have to do something that they don't like to pass the grade. That restriction of their freedom can also lead to too much pressure on their heads.

Having to do something after school can interfere with free time for kids to work on their homework and unfinished school work. Then, all of the sudden, middle school becomes a giant juggling game of sports and work, and it can really effect some kids with poor time-management skills. Constantly moving around to get everything done can cause a great deal of stress on the person handling it all. If you end up trying to handle one thing at a time, it can draw attention from everything else and cause even more stress than before. Another thing that may cause more stress is being surrounded by a lot of people that want the same thing as you.

If you make an entire school do at least one thing, lots of them will have the same interest and it might overflow with participants. With so many people for one specific thing, it might run out of equipment to use and will be very expensive to keep up, including damages. For sports teams, there are try-outs for who will make the team, and with so many people, they will have to compete harder for that spot on the team and may cause disputes or fighting. Also, with so many people trying out and so little spots open, lots of kids will get rejected and lose their self-confidence. Nobody likes to get rejected.

Knowing that making students do an activity can restrict their freedom, cause pressure, and overflow one specific activity, what's the point in making them do it with so many disadvantages? If the students are stressed and under pressure, it might effect how well they do in school. Also, if there are too many kids and not enough equipment, who is going to pay for it? A good school is a happy school, where students can finish their work without being interrupted, roam the halls and have fun! With that in mind, will you take up an activity for fun, or by force?