Driverless cars are the future. I feel that they are some of the coolest inventions since the invention of the smartphone. Just think about it, hopping into the car, telling it where to go, and not having to do anything along the way. To me, that sounds like the ultimate luxury. Lots of people feel this way, and this passage shows how driverless cars are amazing, such as increasing flexibility of the average person's day, and the ability to be entertained while being in the driver's seat of the car. I simply cannot wait until these machines become mainstream, and I will become one of the first to purchase one.

Driverless cars would increase the flexibility of the average person's day. If it was as simple as typing in where you want to go, I'm sure children would be able to operate the cars, also. This would allow the kids to get to their after-school activities easier and to school easier, too. This would widen opportunities for parents to be able to do more things everyday.

If driverless cars became truly driverless, imagine the multi-tasking opportunities that would be available in the car. Heck, I could work on homework in the driver's seat, and my dad could make business calls and paperwork while "driving." Parents could interact with their kids, and anyone and everyone could get more work done. They could also be entertained while in the car, and who doesn't like entertainment?

And last but not least, driverless cars are super cool, I mean, come on, they're DRIVERLESS cars! The concept is out of this world. I think it's totally amazing what technology can do these days, and I look forward to more inventions along the lines of these. These inventions make life easier, more fun,

and a whole lot more productive, and to the best of my knowledge, these are all good things.

So, in conclusion, driverless cars are the bomb. They can make life easier, more fun, productive, and entertaining. The whole concept is spectacular, something right out of a sc-fi novel or TV show. I look forward for their breach into mainstream, where I will be waiting, waiting to purchase a driverless car.              