The Facial Acting Coding System could allow you to express yourself without meaning to. It would be such a helpful thing for students, it could allow them to become smarter or even allow them to get a bad feelng out by letting someone know they are upset or stressed.

The Facial Acting Coding System would allow a student who was confused or bored to get extra help. As is stated in paragraph 6 of they are confused or bored it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor to help them understand. This would allow someone who was quiet and shy that is to afraid to ask for the extra help in class to get the help. They would be able to do so without speaking up in front of everyone and geting embarassed, they could just simply sit there and pay attention allowing the Facial acting coding system to see it.

The Facial Action Coding System would also allow someone who is very upset to get help without having to be straightforward and walk up to someone and ask. It could recognize you are upset as stated in paragraph 3 and it could alert someone that you nee help. You could then have them come to you instead of you having to start the conversation with them and theyd already know you were upset and needed to talk to someone.

It would also be able to find what you are interested in and help you find stuff you like and possibly what you want to do. As stated in paragraph 6 the computer can play an ad and it can see if you like it by the response you have suchas smiling it will play more ads that are like that one or if you frown it can avoid ones like that and play something the complete opposite until it finds what you like. This would also allow you to find people who are similar to you that like the same stuff allowing you to become friends and get closer tothe friends you already had.

The Facial Action Coding System would be a very valuable tool for in the classroom. It would allow students to learn to there greatest ability because it will be able to effectivily modify the lesson when one is confused. It would allow the higher members know if a student was also having trouble and needed talked to. Yes the Facial Action Coding System would be of good use in the classroom.   