Schools around the world offer distance learning, a way for students to attend classes while not being in a classroom.

Distance learning allows student to even learn from home.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it prevents the spreading of disease,

allows sick students to not fall behind, and can be access from any internet connection.

Currently the spread of COVID-19 is rampant in parts of Asia.

Japan has decided to close schools and hold classes over video calls.

It separates everyone to prevent disease spread and does not impact learning time.

The teachers still get paid, students still learn, and the virus does not get spread through the schools.

Second, there are many cases of students showing up to classes sick and not feeling well because they cannot afford to miss a class.

This is detrimental to learning in many ways.

Instruction is interrupted when someone coughs really loud, someone needs to leave and throw up, and many other instances.

Distance learning would allow for students to stay home where they can care for them selves and not interrupt instruction for others just because they are sick.

Lastly, these online video classes can be accessed from anywhere in the world with a stable internet connection.

this allows for more learning opportunities.

Schools can provide more hands on learning in various locations, like learning roman history in Rome.

These students will still be able to learn what they need to, and get extra hands on experience from these trips.

Classes could also be larger, there would be students in classroom and online,

it gives the schools a larger budget.

Some critics argue that attendance would drop if schools started to offer distance learning.

This is not true though, teachers and schools could place a grade on attendance to encourage students to show up for classes.

So, offering distance learning would benefit students in many ways.

It would prevent plagues, allow for more learning opportunities, and allow sick students to not fall behind.