"Mom! Which AP classes should I take next year?" Generic_Name asked with a mouth full of mangoes. "Well, definitely take AP biology, you're good at that, but ask dad about the other classes." Mom replied while cutting more mangoes. "Will do!" Generic_Name exclaimed as she headed for her dad's office. "Hey dad, I decided to take AP biology next year, but what else?" Generic_Name questioned. "I think you should take at least two AP classes, what other classes do you like?" Dad asked while scratching his head. "Well, I guess I do like language arts, maybe i'll take that," Generic_Name explained while writing it down. "You should ask your brother since he took those classes recently," Dad suggested. "I'll go ask him now," Generic_Name decided as she sped up the stairs. "Hey Generic_Name! Do you think I should take AP biology and language arts next year?" Generic_Name asked while taking a seat. "Yeah, those classes were really fun, the teachers were nice and you were barely given homework," Generic_Name explained while playing video games. As you grow up, you find yourself asking for advice from people that have experience with something that you need help with. Asking for multiple opinions is great because you can understand what is going to happen, they might have some tips or tricks that can give you the upper hand, and you'll learn quickly when you have lots of people offering advice.

To begin with, when you ask for multiple opinions, you will understand what you're going to go through. For example, when I asked my family members about what AP classes I should take next year, my brother was able to explain what it was like in those classes, and how he had lots of fun. With his help along with my parents, I was able to come to the decision of taking the right AP classes for me. To add on, before I started playing lacrosse I had asked my dad and my uncle what it was going to be like once I started. They both explained that it was all about teamwork, and that I needed to practice a lot. With both of their advice combined, I started playing lacrosse knowing what it was going to be like. These are some great reasons on why you should always ask for multiple opinions.

Additionally, asking for multiple opinions will also bring possible tips and tricks that could allow you to excel at what you're doing. For instance, before I started playing the violin, my dad and cousin gave me a few tips on what I could do to make me a better player. I learned how to easily read notes off of a paper and started to do even better in my orchestra classes because I asked both of them for help. Another example is when I started to do more art. Again, I went to my dad and brother for advice on what I could do to improve my skills. They gave me tips on how I could shade better on my drawings, and with both of their advice, I was capable of making a drawing with decent shading! Without their help, I wouldn't have been able to excel in those ways at all. Which is why asking for multiple opinions is always a great idea.

Finally, you will learn a lot quicker when you ask multiple people for their advice on something. To illustrate, I wanted to get better at a certain game when I was younger, so that I could beat all of my friends. I went to my brother and his friends to get some advice on what I could do better in the game. They all played with me and helped me out for about a week or two, which resulted in me dominating my friends. Another time was when I was struggling in math class, and couldn't understand some of the things I was being taught. I went to my parents and friends for help, after around a month I started to easily understand everything, and ended up getting the highest SOL score out of everyone in my class! These are more reasons on why you should always get multiple opinions on things if you need help.

"Honey what should I do? They offered me three jobs, but I can't decide!" Generic_Name asked while clicking her pen. "I don't know, you should ask your brothers," Generic_Name answered back while changing the TV channels. "But I want you to decide, you had the same problem once, and I helped you, now I want you to do the same for me!" Generic_Name explained as she continued to click her pen. "Generic_Name, you should ask your brothers, they pursued the same career as you, they probably know best," Generic_Name suggested while turning the volume up. "No! You decide!" Generic_Name demanded. "You need their help, with all of their opinions and advice they can help you out with what you need." Generic_Name explained while turning the TV off. Asking for multiple opinions is usually the best way to approach a hard decision because you will know whats going to happen, you might be given tips that can help you, and you will learn faster when you have help from other people. 