Phones and Driving

First, cell phones and humans are like a duo and used by them almost every day. Humans and cars are also another duo or like a duo. But, people phones and cars and or driving? That personally is not a good idea. That is what I will be explaining in this essay. Is it or it is not a good idea to be texting and driving at the same time? Many different opinions from different people but, here is mine.

Next, have you ever been on a road with more than one lane and the person next to you is looking down on their device? Ask yourself do you think that is safe? Operating a cell phone is okay, and is done on a daily basis. People often think that since they have been texting and driving for long periods of time that they are experts and can do it with no problem. When in reality anything can happen at any moment you look down at your device, and it is certainly not safe.

Then, one of the number one causes of death in the world is car accidents. Usually it comes from texting and driving or even a drunk driver. Texting and driving is not safe and people should NOT be able to operate a vehicle and use cell phones. Why? Because, people die every day from a car accident either because of a device or drinking and driving. I believe that it will decrease the number of crashes and save many lives.

Therefore, Driving and texting should not be allowed. Very dangerous and you have a high risk of losing your life and others in your car and around your car. If you are in a vehicle your phone should not even be your main focus, because the road should have all of your attention. It is better to be safe than sorry on the road, and help prevent many accidents.

In conclusion,

I think phones and driving should NOT happen together. I mean as in texting and driving at the same time. It has been a law but is barely followed by anyone. Many people will still text and drive but, for people who care about other they will follow this law. Maybe even one day they will prevent someone else from losing their life.                  