Some schools offer distance learning for students. This learning from a distance caters to a new generation of students whilst also allowing more flexibility for the student. Although the schools may have reasoning specific to them, students also have much to gain from this opportunity. If the opportunity is taken and used correctly, a more secure environment will be available, online tutoring will be available, and a much wider range of schools will be available. These reasons outline the benefit that students receive from distance learning.

Firstly, a secure environment will be readily available for the student enrolled in distance learning. If learning can take place in one's own home certain advantages are guaranteed. These advantages include, familiarity with the environment, and quiet during the time of study. Familiarity with the environment allows the student to direct as much focus as possible to the subject that is being taught. Whilst at home the student is knowledgeable of their surroundings which leaves one less thing to be learned. If this were not the case and the student was in a regular school setting then there would be a multitude of distractions such as the classroom. The classroom is constantly vulnerable to disarray, because of the number of students using it throughout the day. If an online video conference is used then these distractions will not be seen by students. Other students will also not be seen which will drastically decrease the number of distraction sourcing from the behavior of others. Additionally, sound may prove to be an issue in the classroom for the same reason of having many more people in the room during learning. During a video call, students will be isolated from other sounds. Often conferences of this nature require push-to-talk, a feature limiting microphone activity to a button press. This will cut down on distractions because, if a student were to push this button and purposefully cause distractions it would be easily taken care of. The combination of the previous example, and the inherent control over sound in one's own home limits sound and assures quiet other than the teacher.

This distractionless environment will allow the student the utmost ability to focus on learning.

Secondly, if receiving lessons online, a student may be able to receive more additional help. This help can come in multiple ways, stemming from the teacher, or found online. Whilst a student takes classes through online means of education then they will also receive easier access to tutoring. The aforementioned lack of distractions allows class to flow much more easily, sometimes resulting in less time spent lecturing to a group. This group could also include infinitely more students giving the professor much more free time. After class has been completed for a day, a student can contact the professor for a one-on-one tutoring session in which direct instruction can be given, dramatically increasing the students personal understanding of the topic. Obviously online instruction also has the benefit of the internet. This inherent advantage can be used to look up additional examples if needed, along with easily connecting with peers that share the same misunderstandings with you. This allows for study groups to form more frequently, and successfully. A combination of these tactics can prove to be vastly more efficient and helpful than if learning in person, as a professor may not have the time, other students may have time constraints that do not allow for group study or tutoring in any other way, and the vast internet allows many examples and sources to be viewed at a moments notice.

Finally, schools will be much more accessible for students. This advantage stems from the wider range of schools available, less costly supplies, and much more flexible schedule. The internet is a world wide connection, this connection will also apply to students looking to learn through these means. For example, a student can live in Virginia, and easily take classes at MiT which is located across multiple state lines. This can be applied to any higher education in the world, and even lower education such as high school, if a student becomes severely injured. If taking classes from home, food and living expenses will be vastly cheaper. One will still have to pay tuition, but basic living expenses could be mitigated through splitting cost with others, and the possibility of living with one's parents for a while longer. This online connection also offers more flexibility as you wont have to plan most things, and leave, for example, thirty minutes before you are due in class, only to arrive late. Online can fix this because of the inherent convenience of a faster log in and show up time, five minutes instead of thirty.

Although these advantages are given to the student who chooses to take the opportunity of distance learning, there are some aspects that will, admittedly, be lacking. For example, face-to-face interaction will be unavailable, and social interactions with other students will be vastly more difficult to establish as a student may have to travel longer distances if desired. Many people believe that these two aspects are crucial to one's education. These interactions are part of curing social awkwardness and may be included as part of the learning process. Although, online students may receive more social interaction through chat rooms.

In conclusion, distance learning provides many advantages to students that traditional teaching does not. These advantages include secure environments, more available aid, and accessibility. The combination of these advantages can lead to improved grades and better experiences for the student. Even though the student may lack in person interaction, this can be supplemented by the sheer amount of interaction available online. Distance learning allows man advantages and should be offered for all students around the globe.