Have you ever had a tricky question that needed answering, or didnt know what to do in a certain scenario. Well i have and i mean a lot.

Sometimes asking for help gives you the answer you where looking for or it just reassures you and make you feel better about your opinion. It could be a simple yes or no some people ask because it makes them feel better about the scenario, Others may use it just to have a back up answer, and sometimes people ask because they are not completely sure what to do and others opinions matter the most to them.

The first reason is because it makes them feel better. It makes them feel better because it makes them feel reassured about their answer. Some people need to be reassured because they ether have anxiety and dont want to make a big mistake where people would laugh and make fun of them. I know this because my sister has really bad anxiety and she needs me or my dad to reassure her all the time. A lot of people ask for reassurance they ask two pr more people just to see if they get multiple of the same answers and they use ether what ever one people said the most or the one they like best.

Have you ever needed a backup answer? Well if so then you can get a back up answer from a friend or two. A lot of people need back up answers in case something pops up. You might need a back up answer if your going out with a boyfriend or girlfriend cause if you make one wrong move with one of them then its over or it could start and argument. Thats one good reason you should always have a back up answer they help you out and lets say you forgot your work at home and its due that day now if you dont turn it in then you ether get a zero or a lower grade. some people ask their friends on what to say. all your have to do is change the wording or have a really good excuse.

I dont know about you but I get confused a lot and i mean a lot over the smallest things. It takes me forever to thing of something and sometimes I dont know what to do. When I dont know what to do I usually ask a friend or one of my brothers they can usually give me a pretty good answer on what to do. It could be on anything for example last weekend I had to ask my brothers what should I wear I had no idea what I should wear cause I was going out with friends but surly enough they helped me out by giving me ideas on what the weather was going to be and everything else. And that could be an example of getting confused and needing reassurance.

These are my reasons one why some people ask for advice and why they might talk to more than one person. It helps them feel better about the scenario. It lets them have a back up answer. And last but not least it sometimes people ask because they are not completely sure what to do and others opinions matter the most to them. And thats why people ask more than one person for advice.