Cars that can drive themselves?

Is a driverless car really a good idea? Manufacturing a driverless car has not even been a succeding task. Cars that can drive on their own still require an alert driver at times. If the self driving car was manufactured laws would have to be changed, the company and the owner would have issues if a crash did accure, and the owner possibly needed to be alert may not stay alert. The self driving car needs more time before being tried out with actual costumers.

The driverless car manufactured by google has made it half a million miles without a crash. However drivers still are alerted to take over the wheel when parking, navigating traffic, or road construction. What could happen if a "driverless" car alerted the owner but they weren't alert and did't take they wheel in time? Major accidents could be caused from this. A driver not focused on the road could put in danger themselves and other drivers around them.

If the driver was'nt alert and an accident did accure, both the company and owner would be in seriouse trouble. Certian laws would have to be made or changed to solve this issue. If there was a crash with two cars would one of the drivers be of blame as they are now or would both companies be blamed. Technology has instences when it doesn't work. Everyone has yelled at a phone or T.V before. Though when that technology doesn't work properly it's not a life or death situatiuon. Also how expensive would this be? It's well known how expensive a phone, T.V, or new computer can be. It would be too expensive to make them the sale price would have to bring back the money spent to manufacture one and the sales person would need money to actually make for the work. How many people could ctually afford it. The people it would help most likely can't even come up with the money to get one.

With the rate of accidents now drivers barely stay alert when they have the wheel. But knowing, or thinking, they have the freedom to do as they please while the car drives itself they will lose focus. Drivers won't pay attention to the road. People have way to much trust in their technology they wont even think of what would happen when they have to drive. How owuld they react if they tried to take a nap and was awaken to take the wheel? they may not have enough time to even think of what they need to do to avoid an accident.

What would be the point of a driverless car? Reduce the number of drunk drivers on the road maybe. Or give people who can't drive the transportation they need without public transports. This would all be great! But what would happen when the car needed them to take over. Of course you'd still need to go through training and so on to get your liscnes so people who have the inability to drive may it be physical will have no prevail in it. Also if a drunk driver was alerted they would still be driving after drinking. The only ones that coul use this technology are the ones that can already drive. Then what is the point of the driverless car anyway? There's too many saftey dangers and pointless reasons to start manufacturing a driverless car.            