When people ask for advice, they sometimes go to more than one person. Advice is something people look for when they need reassurance or confirmation on a subject. Martin Luther King Jr. stated, "People look for advice in multiple people for confirmation that they are doing the right thing." Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a wiser decision because it will give them more options to think about, it will give them more than one perspective, and they can put all of the options together.

First off, it will give them more options to think about. When you ask more than one person for advice, then that can give you multiple options to go through in your head. For example, at church when I am going through a rough time, I always ask multiple people for advice so that I can have many options to choose from in my head. Another example I have is, when I need advice on school issues, I always ask my parents because I know they will give me two great pieces of advice to choose from. To end, People should ask more than one person for advice because it will give them more options to think about.

Second, it will give them more than one perspective on the situation. When you have more than one perspective from multiple people then it could help you make the best decision. For example, when I was having a tough time at school, I talked to a couple people that are close to me and got their perspectives on the situation and I was able to fix my problem. However, when you get advice from multiple people and they give you their perspective on the situation, some of them might have bad things to say and some might have good things to say. You can always take out the bad perspectives and use the good ones. For example, I was asking my friends at church their perspective on a situation at home, and some of them gave me good perspective, but others gave me not so good perspectives. In the end I just used the good perspectives because they would help me out in the long run. In closing, people should ask more than one person or advice because it can give them more than one perspective.

Lastly, they can put all of the opinions together. When people give you advice on a situation they could be giving you different advice from the other people you talked to, so you can just put the advises together. For example, I was asking my mom and dad for advice on what I should for my french project, and they both gave me different advice, so I just used both and my project turned out amazing. However, other times people could be giving you the same advice other people gave you but maybe turned around different. In that case you can also put them together to make your situation better. For example, I was asking my brother and his friend if I should tell my friend something, and they both said almost the same thing, so I used both of their opinions and my situation with my friend worked out better than it would have with just one opinion. To summaries, people should get more then one opinion because you can put them together.

To conclude, people should seek advice from multiple people because it will give them more options to go through, it will give them more perspectives to think about, and they can put all of the opinions together. If a person does not ask for advice from more then one person, then they might not get the advice they where looking for. If a person chooses to ask multiple people for advice, then they will more than likely get the advice they where looking for. All of these reason I stated above are great reason why you should seek advice from more than one person. 