Everyone has drama in their lives. Sometimes friends or family create problems, and other times it is caused by the environment around you. However, most people don't seek one person to help solve their troubles. Many people are usually involved in helping a person get through their dilemmas. While this may be true, not everyone is poised to help others in their time of need. Multiple people can lie about advice, help you see things in a new light, and be there for you when you need a shoulder to cry on.

Lying can be a huge part of life for people, and it is even common in some careers. However, when it comes to giving advice, people want to hear the honest truth. For example, nobody wants to find out that a friend has set them up for failure with false insight. Unfortunately, there are many negative minds out there, and people can have the power to manipulate others for fun. While this thought may seem troubling, it can be easily fixed. When someone questions multiple people, it is easy to find out who's advice benefits them and who's does not. This is because they can talk to others about the advice previously given to them. In this way, people can debate whether or not another's advice was helpful or not. Another reason why people seek more than one person, is because they may not feel comfortable telling the truth about what really happened. Everyone has embarrassing secrets, and most people are not willing to tell people about them. For this reason, the person who needs advice may not always be satisfied by what others tell them. Sometimes, all listeners need is a full disclosure from the speaker to give out the best advice.

Aside from giving truthful responses, different people can offer different perspectives. Problem solvers often need to look at issues with a fresh mind, or in this case another pair of eyes. A variety of people have the ability to share multiple ideas regarding the speaker's issue. This can cause the speaker to think differently about their dilemma, and view things in other ways. As a result of having a different perspective, the speaker can also plug in new evidence for both sides of the story. Often allowing the speaker to sympathize with the other side of the disagreement or problem. In addition, everyone has different strengths and weaknesses. Speaking to multiple people allows the speaker to discuss creatively with the different skill sets of the people listening. Shortly put, a variety of people can contribute by simply offering their point of view.

Arguably the biggest reason why people ask large amounts of people for advice, is to feel supported. Even though some people claim to seek advice, it is not always about finding wisdom to solve their problems. Some people love the attention that drama brings, and they want to keep the spotlight on them while it lasts. They make their rounds by complaining to everyone and wishing that things could change, but do nothing about it. Attention is what they seek, and that's why they ask an abundance of people to help them. In other circumstances, the support people desire isn't the dramatic type. These type of people genuinely want to discover if people care about them, and they want to feel loved. It brings comfort to them knowing that a lot of people take time out of their day to listen to what they have to say. On the other hand, the last reason is because the speaker does not want to trouble the same person with the same dilemma. Trying to be considerate, they realize there is not much else a single person can say. In these ways, all of these different types of people seek the support that others gain when asking for help.

In the end, people ask many others for advice to try and make better choices. Sometimes they do their best to seek truthful answers that help to guide their decision making. Other times, people want different perspectives, and they end up discovering unique ways of thinking. Finally, some people want to feel like they matter. Ending up creating a huge deal out of their tiny issues. Anyone has the ability to make wise decisions based on facts and evidence. However, almost everyone turns to their loved ones to try and creatively find the wisdom they need.