Have you ever been upset, but not wanted anyone to know? Well having this type of technology exploits personal feelings without consent. It can be a valuable peice if used correctly. Overall though, I think we should keep this technology away from classrooms.

For starters, a persons feelings and emotions is his or her buisness. Giving a computer the option to read us like a book and evaluate us is something that just wouldn't make much difference. We are human beings, we have feelings and if we wanted someone else to know we would tell them. We show emotions how we see fit, it's just what we do.

A computer does not need to do that for us.

Secondly, every single human on this earth is different. How could one machine read every emotion? I know for sure that my happy face is not the exact same to another. My surprised face could by their happy face, and the opposite aswell. No two are alike in this world, they're will always be a biased factor in this technology. Which is why we cannot rely on technology everyday, some things are better face to face.

On the other hand, having this added onto a online school, or even on some online learning website could help. As it could change the lesson if it senses boredom or confusion. In paragraph 6, it states that exact message, Dr. Huang says "A classroom computer could regongnize when a student is becoming confused or bored". Which in all ways could be a great addition, but if you take into consideration all the cons. That one pro just isn't enough. We have amazing teachers who have the same possibility to bring classroom joy, we don't need computers for that.

In Conclusion, this product is one that could potentially change the online world and maybe even schooling. If in the right environment though, we don't need it. We have an amazing staff in all schools working around the clock to make sure kids learn what they need to succeed in life. Students will express emotions, and when they feel they need help they'll l have all the counselors and friends needed. We don't need a computer for that.