Venus containes many mysteries to the human race, because of ourl lack of intel and capability to acces information. The rare and extreame conditions found in Venus are no were near those of Earth; meaning it doesn't have the capasity to sustain human life. The article "The Change of Exploring Venus" indicated these dangers, and the lack of equipt technology with the ability to servive in Venus' atmospher. Many scientist find studing Venus worthy, despite the dangers. The author does a pore good supporing this idea, becasue the main focus of the article was the negative side of studying Venus.

One of the article main points was the difficulty of human acces to Venus. "... no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." Demenstarating, the danger and almost none existing survival late of a human being. " The condidtions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth..." indicating the incopasity of human to rome Venus. These two quotes from the articel indicates the articles focus on the non survivable atmosper and conditions on Venus, this controdiction the idea of Venus being worth sudying.

The next point he articel cfocused on was the technology available and its capasity on Venus. "For example, some simplified elecronics... have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." Indicating, that techoology can not support Venus consitions for long, despite its advancemnts. "Modern computers are enormously powerful, fexible, and quick, but tend to be more delicate when it comes to extreme physical conditions." Therefore, this demonstrates how Venus atmospher and condition is dangeres even to our most modern technology. Refuring to the incapability to substain the copasity to keep humans alive for long after reaching Venus atmospher.

Finally, the article never indicated why the study of Venus was important. The first four paragraphes focus on the the conditionds of Venus and what would be found in it. These paragraphes give no indication of how Venus affect the Eather or those living in it. most of what remains of the article focuses on the posible advancemnets and ideas or techological difficulities. These things also have no impact on the importance of studing Venus, rather creat another reason not to. These detail, though their purpose is to inflorme and inspire a desire to study Venus only creates a sence of uneasines and un-worthiness.

In conclution the articles main focus was on the opsticles being faced in order to safely study Venus. Leading to the lack of evidence or reasons why it is worth studying considering the dangers.    