Driverless Cars is a great idea, these cars would make a huge change in the world because these cars would be really helpful, but there are some adventages and disavenges of the use of these cars, one adventages is that can drive by themselves, but a desaventage is that if the sensors don't work what would happen?.

Driverless cars would be really helpful for people and mostly for people that travel a lot they fall sleep, these cars would help them by taking control and so no one get hurt. Driverless cars have sensors that help to create a 3-D model of the car's surroundings so this would help the car to see if there is any danger and if the is the car will notify the driver to take over and take another options. Cars like these ones are a great idea, it will allow the drivers to take a rest when they are tired.

Cars like driverless cars are not perfect and they are not 100 percent safe, these cars can be really expensive too and not everyone would buy them. About safety the sensors that these cars use what if they don't work? what would it happen? if the sensors don't work the cars will not alert the driver if there is any danger and this will end up in an accident and would not be good for the manufacturer and the owner, these were some reasons why the manufacturers want to put cameras in the cars so the car can see the driver and know whether the driver can drive or cannot drive.

Some manufacturers like GM they have developed driver's seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger. Other car that tells the driver when they should take over the car is the Google car. Cameras in cars can help a lot because while the driver is watching the road the car is watching the driver. Some manufacturers are considering bringing entertainment for these cars and information system that use heads-up displays. Such displays can be turned off when the driver needs to take over. This new tegnology in cars is really good, but how much these will cost? No one knows yet. I strongly agree with the develop of the driverless cars because this will really help peole and will help to reduce the cars accidents.

Driverless cars are defenitly are great this new tegnology will allow the driver to take a rest and then take over any time. The sensors that the cars have help to avoid any danger. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have these new cars drive themselves by 2020, the cars they try to make will be the best option to have less cars accidents in the future.