Life has revolved around driving since the termination of World War II. In sources 1 and 4, the authors mention the population's inhabitants have greatly reduced or stopped car usage wholly voluntarily. While in sources 2 and 3, the cities have banned car usage on certain days. The advantages of limiting car usage include less pollution and increased accessability to the entire city.

Pollution is an large issue in todays world. According to Rosenthal in source 1, "passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States (P5)." The use of cars has created smog in many large cities. The 2009 Olympics in Bejing required the city to reduce car usage in order to clear the air. Those participating and attending the event were in danger of harming their lungs. The citizens of Bejing has already been noted to wear respirators and other devices to filter the toxins from the air they breathe. In this extreme case, it was manditory to cut the usage of cars down. But in other cities, they have not reached this extreme and it can be easily prevented by limiting car usage. Duffer mentions the pollution in the skies of the global city of Paris has been noticably decreased(P19). In another scenario of pollution in the atmosphere, the city has taken initiative to ban cars depending on the number of their license plate. Without the emissions from the cars, the air would be clean to breath and a better sight as well.

The new generation has grown up with cars yet when the time comes to obtain a license, they forgo the oppurtunity. Selsky says that without cars, the city's parks and sports centers have been heavily visited. The pedestrian walkways and shopping centers have also came in large numbers(P28). Due to the abandonment of cars, upscale commerce and new restaurants were constructed. Rather than a large mall near some interstate or other large roadway, shopping districts have transformed into locations in which are near public transportation or in walking distance. Rosenthal shares an anecdote that outlines that public transportation, car-pooling, and even walking have replaced the car for himself and his children(P40). Public transit is not viewed down upon anymore, it is a smarter way of getting from one place to another. Car-pooling isn't a desprete call, it is a resource that has become essential and benificial to both parties. A combination of car-pooling, walking, and public transit makes the city much easier to access and explore.

The development of cities is no longer based on cars. It is now be based upon the access it will give to those without cars. Limiting the use of cars makes the city improved in many ways. Clean air and more efficient ways of transportation highlights that cars are no longer needed and limiting car usage will have even more advantages in the future.    