We all need advice, but how is one person's advice better than anothers? How can seeing different people's opinions help affect our own? Having more advice could possibly better our choices, but how? Well having more than one person's advice helps us make better decisions because we know all our options, we know what the popular opinion is, and we know multiple things to base our choices off of.

When we are making decisions there can be a lot on our shoulders. We may not even realize some of the options we have! We could just be thinking and completely miss an option that would seem like such an obvious answer. Talking to more than one person can help. If we ask someone for advice they tend to state their opinion and how they feel on what we should do. Well that could mean giving us another option! Once we speak to multiple different people we may have all our options lined up on the table ready to be choosen. We may have gone from two options to five and now the best decision is so obvious! If we only talk to one person we may not get all that luxury but instead end up with the knowlege of someone's opinion.

In asking for someone's advice we get what they think we should do. If we ask for multiple people's we will probably end up seeing how most people feel. Why yes, sometimes the popular opinion is wrong, it is always good to know how most people think/feel. When knowing how most people feel on the matter we can determine how we truly feel too. We could either have all the reasons pointed out on why we agree or on why we disagree! Either way we choose to go this proves advice from more than one person truly opened up our eyes.

Yes, asking one person for advice can help but not as much as asking multiple people because of the reasoning. The reason we do something impacts us heavily so why wouldn't it impact our choices? Knowing our reason for acting a certain way helps a lot because it gives us something to base our answer off of. When basing our answer off something we try and make sure it is the right reason so that we don't mess up. Asking multiple people helps with increasing the odds of not making a mistake. Sometimes a person we truly trust can give amazing advice but if we just base our choices off them we will end up making the wrong choices. We are not them and we will sometimes think differently about certain things. Asking multiple people lays out all the good choices with strong reasoning and bad choices with little to no reasoning, it's a win win to ask for multiple opinions!

Finally, to summerize this article, seeking multiple opinions has a great affect on bettering our choices. From the way we should know all our options to be aware of everything. To being able to understand the popular vote and then determine how we feel. Lastly, to knowing all the reasons and options to base our choices off of. Having more than one person's advice to help us make choices can clearly work wonders. Making sure we have all the information we need to know all our choices are well thought out and reasoned is an important part of the decision making.