One topic that is frequently debated today is, if schools summer projects to assure their continue learning should be desingned by teachers or by students. Some people believe that for this type of projects students should choose on what they want. They feel that if students are going to do school work during their vacations they should at least let them pick on what they want to work on. I believe that teachers do a great job designing what is the best for students because teachers know what students need to practise more, if teachers make the projects for students they can be more motivated, and this can open more opportunities for students to learn more new things.

One reason why i think teacher should desinged summer projects for students is because teachers know on what students need more practice. The main thing for students during school is to keep learning new things. Teachers know students well enought to see what students need to get better at and on what they might need more practice. If teacher designed the projects could be more helpful for student and easy for them. In fact if teachers organized the project for students it could be more helpful for students to show their pesonal ideas.

Another reason why i think teacher should desinged summer projects for students is because that can motivate students. Students can also be motivated if teachers bring help to them in something that they will need in school and the future. Teachers also let students express their differents ideas and to become creative. If students desing their own project they will not focus on what they need to get better at. This can also help students to open their minds to learn more and to be confident.

My third and last reason why i think teachers should designed summer projects for students is because it can open more opportunities for students to learn more new things. Students will be able to manage more things that were complicated for them. This can oppen more opportunities for them and to become better in the future. Teachers will also bring help on what they need and to be prepare on what is coming after summer break. This will also keep their minds in the right path.

As you read, I believe that, teacher should designed summer projects for students because they know what students need to practise more, if teachers make the projects students can be more motivated and creative, and this can open more opportunities for students to learn more new things. From that day students will see that they were able to acomplish what they thought were not capable of doing.