Imagine your principal coming on the broadcast radio at your school while you are in school and telling everybody that every student must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. How would you feel, being told that you have to do something even if you don't want to do it? Your opinion is not being asked for, and your principal is still going on with the idea. This is not fair because there are good reasons that some people do not participate in extracurricular activities. I disagree with this idea because students may not be able to do these activities, student should choose what they do with their free time, and it will teach students to look after themselves if we do not force them to do extracurricular activities.

One reason this decision should not be implemented is because not all students are able to participate in these activities. They could be busy at home and not have time to do stay at school after school hours. As a result, they might be more stressed, and could get less sleep because they have enough to do after school as it is. They also might live too far away from school, disabling them from doing these activities. Making it mandatory for students to do something they might not be able to do is wrong, and should not be done.

Another reason students should not have to participate in extra curricular activities is because they should be able to choose what they do when they are learning not in school. It should be their choice of what they should do because they should not have to do anything they do not want to do. Giving them a free choice will make them happier because they are not being told what to do. Letting them make the decision for themselves will help them to become more independent and less reliant on other people making the decisions for them. Making a decision for the students will not help them in the future, and should be avoided as much as possible.

If the decision is made by the students themselves, they will be able to look out for themselves better in the future. Having the students do things in their own minds will get them in the habit of doing acting alone when they grow up. Forcing people who are not willing to do something does not help the students, because the students might be more likely to get distracted from the thing they are doing because they do not want to do it. Not having the opportunity to do something themselves could diminish the ability to become independent in the future. If the decision is left for them, they can learn to become strong independently as adults.

Overall, this decision to make it mandatory for students to participate in an extracurricular activity is flawed. Making students do something that they aren't able to do can make them stressed on other things as well as school. Letting students choose what they do in their own time could help them over time to make these decisions for themselves. If they make the decisions without anybody else, this will get them into a habit of making their own decisions in the future as adults. Giving the students space to make decisions for themselves will help them in the present as well as the future.