As the years go by there had seemed to be more and more polution in the world. Most of that polution had been seen to be produced by cars, which some people wouldn't know how to live without. However, studies have shown that some cities around the world have actually decreased the usage of cars. A city that has virtually no cars would be Vauban, Germany, and other cities such as Paris, France, Bogota, Colombia, and even some in the United States have joined in the decreasing of car use wagan. In turn of not using cars as much the polution has gone down in those cities.

To begin with, Vauban, Germany, in this German city " Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district on the outskirts of Freiburg, near the French and Swiss borders. Vauban's streets are completely 'car-free'-- except the main thoroughfare, where the tram to downtown Freiburg runs, and a few streets on one edge of the community. Car ownership is allowed, but there are only two places to park -- large garages at the edge of the development,where a car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home."( P2, In German Suburn, Life Goes On Without Cars, Elisabeth Rosenthal) And in Paris, " After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. On Monday motorists with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters ... [Twenty-seven] people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine."(P10-13, Paris bans driving due to smog, Robert Duffer) That might seem a little bit harsh to some people but in turn " Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog ...(P14, Paris bans driving due to smog, Robert Duffer)

Then there's Bogota, Colombia, where, " In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams. It was the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in this capital city of 7 million. The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Violaters faced $25 fines. The turnout was large, despite gray clouds that dumped accasional rain showers on Bogota." (P20-22, Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota, Andrew Selsky) This is a pretty good sign from Colombia, showing that it's being consistant with it's program and not stopping despite the rain. Also, now even the United States is using less cars, " America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter, according to an analysis by Doug Short of Advisor Perspectives, an invesment research comany. As of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995." (P 32, The End of Car Culture, Elisabeth Rosenthal)

To conclude, it's great that more and more cities are pitching in to reduce polution due to cars. There are great advantages coming from the reduction of car usage, the best being less polution and smog. If more cities join in and the current cities keep doing what they are doing there could possibly be an even more dramatic decrease in the polution produced today.    