Can Driverless Cars Truly Be Driverless?

Driverless cars throw people off because how could a car be driverless when the driver still has to be paying attention to the road? The driver has to be prepared at all times to be ready to take over the wheel. Drivers can not fully rely on driverless cars because drivers have to pay attention to the road at all times, drivers are trusting a computer with their life, and the dangers of bordem behind the wheel.

Drivers have to pay attention to the road at all times, even if the "driverless" car is driving. The driverless car can not drive through work zones or around accidents, so the driver has to take control. The driver has to stay alert and ready for anything to come their way. The Google car announces when the driver should be ready to take control, but shouldn't a driverless car be able to drive on it's own? Eventhough the car can drive itself, the driver is still in position like they're going to drive too.

Drivers are trusting a computer based opperator with their life. What if the car was to get in an accident? Whose fault would it be? Drivers can't fully trust a computer to drive their car because they computer could mess up, and could cause an accident. What if a kid were riding a bike, and were to suddenly fall into the street and the driverless car did not read it? That would cause a big uproar for driverless cars. They are not proven to be 100% safe for the world around us.

The dangers of bordem of not driving could be very serious as well. The driver has to pay attention to the road at all times, but they are not driving. This could cause serious bordem, and could lead to falling asleep behind the wheel. At least when driving is occoured the driver has something to do.

Now a driverless car is not a bad idea. The text says that driverless cars use half the fuel that cars use today, and that driverless cars have driven half a million miles without a crash. Driverless cars could be the future, but there would still need to be a lot of work done to the cars to make sure they are completely safe for drivers. Instally cameras in the car would also help with teenagers, and some adults to not be behind the wheel on their phone, which could lead to less accidents. So, driverless cars are a good thing that could come into society.

Driverless cars sound dangerous right now, but as technology advances, they could help in the future. As of right now, driverless cars not be fully relied on because drivers still have to pay attention to the road, computers can crash,

and the dangers of falling asleep behind the wheel could be dangerous. Driverless cars are not ready to be on the roads yet.