While on summer break, students typically do not enjoy being assigned school work. There is an ongoing debate over whether or not students should be able to design summer projects. Those who oppose this state that teachers should design student's projects, but this is not true. Although some may disagree students should be allowed to design summer break projects.

There are a variety of reasons why students should design summer break projects. If students where allowed to design projects, one would be able to find an enjoyable topic to focus on. For example, instead of a book review, one could write about a destination they are visiting over the summer. This allows students to enjoy their summer break while still completing school assignments. The summer time is a time for rest; however, students still need to complete assigned projects. If students could design their own projects, one would feel more free and content; as a result, Leaving them with less stress and anxiety. Many students summers are very busy. In between summer camps and plane rides students may find it hard to locate time to complete such work. By designing there own projects, these students can work around their schedule to make the most efficient plan.

There are even more reasons why students should be allowed to design summer projects. During summer students do not want to focus on school. If one is allowed to personalize their own assignment, they will be able to focus more on the task at hand; as a result, the product will come out much better. By using relevant topics that the student is interested in, one can find more information on it than a premade prompt by teachers. Even though school work is typically not fun, students can find a way to make education more exciting. Preforming experiments is a great way for students to have fun while working. A simple test on how baking soda and vinegar react with each other can make a boring day into an explosive one! Without interest in a topic one might find it hard to complete an assignment on it. This is why students should be allowed to use topics they are interested in.

Although some may disagree students should be allowed to design summer break projects.

By allowing students to design projects teachers will find: The projects will come out better, students will be able to enjoy doing them, and their student will be less stress while completing. Some believe that it is more important for teachers to assign projects to students but this is not true. By allowing students to create their own work, teachers will find that the overal l quality of work, and happiness of the class will be raised.