Dear Marco Rubio and etc., I think that we should not keep the Electoral College and change to election by popular vote for the sake of the people. With the Electoral College, your voice isn't really heard. Votes should be counted individually and America will get the president that they really want.

For starters, there was a situation back in 2000 where Al Gore won the popular vote but didn't become president. That my friend, is unfair. The Electoral College doesn't really prove who actually won. Although, the incident happens back in 1880, I don't think it should happen again. Most of America wouldn't really think of the president as the president. I must admit, the Electoral College is a quick way to send in the votes on election day but it isn't efficient.

Like stated in paragraph 10, voters don't vote for the president, but for the state of electors. The electors are basically anyone who isn't holding office. State conventions, state party's central and presidential candidates can pick the electors. Votes can't always control whom their electors vote for which why you should get rid of the Electoral College. Plus it's a dumb name.

Another reason why is because the people of this country will be pissed if another Gore vs Bush situation happens again. Electors are really in control, therefor if they dislike who's running against their political party they have a shot at voting for whomever they want. That's unjust, and frankly unfair. Especially if a huge state is at risk.

One counterclaim might be that the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves the majority of votes cast.

I don't want to vote and wonder if my voice will be heard. I want it to be guarunteed because that's what the United States is all about. It's all about us being able to choose the president. The Electoral College is unjust and is a waste of time. If you guys decide decide on letting us elect the president by popular vote, more young adults will start voting and we'll know out voices are heard.    