Most students heavily disagree with having to complete summer assignments during their break, but they don't realize just how beneficial the assignments are for them. Summer assignments provide a foundation of background knowledge for the student upon arrival of the next school year, which puts them ahead in the long run. In order for a summer assignment to be as beneficial as possible, they should be designed by the teachers because they have acquired the knowledge and experience of how the curriculum is structured, they can provide proper insight of how the class will, and it'll provide a consistent base for student learning.

An assignment should be planned and designed by someone who is very familiar with the curriculum's structure. A teacher will be able to create a summer assignment that will portray the curriculum so that students can grasp the main concepts and requirements for the class. When a teacher has been teaching for many years, they are able to learn the ins and outs of the curriculum, so then they are able to manipulate it in a way that allows students to get the best from the class. Summer assignments are the foundation of a class, so it would be more beneficial to use experienced teachers to build and secure a strong foundation. The summer assignment would be structured with the curriculum in mind, which permits the students to get the most from the assignment because the curriculum has been molded in a way that is easy to grasp by students.

A summer assignment should be able to provide insight on what a student may experience in class. The assignment can provide the student with a preview of the class' standards and expectations,which are established by the teachers. For example, a student has signed up for a course that is not academically challenging, by completing the summer assignment they will be able to see that it isn't challenging and request to be placed in a higher leveled and paced course. An assignment created by a teacher also provides insight to the pace of the course, and students can see if any modifications can be done. If a student is having problems completing or understanding the summer assignment they are given the opportunity to ask for courses that have slight modifications in order to provide the best method of learning for the student. A summer assignment designed by a teacher would allow students to gain knowledge of the course, and allows them to establish changes or modifications that would conform to their learning styles.

All students should be able to begin the school year with similar foundations of the courses they are in. A teacher is able to design an assignment that will allows students to begin the school year with similar background knowledge. Having students start the year with similar foundations prevents an imbalance in academic motivation. Students may begin to feel unmotivated if an equal opportunity for learning isn't established in the beginning of a school year. Summer assignments designed by teachers also let students prepare more efficiently for a class. The students are able to gain confidence about a class since they are able to start the year off without having to worry about others having more background knowledge. A teacher-designed summer assignment allows students to begin the year with an equal opportunity to learn.

Summer assignment are able to provide the most benefits for students when they are designed and structured by teachers. Although some say a student-designed assignment allows for more student creativity, it doesn't establish a strong foundation of knowledge on the course. A teacher has experience with the curriculum, which allows them to structure the assignment in a manner that provides insight on the course and establishes equal opportunity among students. A strong foundation is required to achieve the best out of every course, and the foundation strengthens with knowledge that can only be provided by an experienced teacher.