Distracted drivers

Drivers today are stuck outside of reality. Due to the massive increase in technology everywhere most drivers are not looking at the road. The use of phones on the road is a hazard to everyone even near the deadly driver. How many mor lives must we have to lose before giving more than a ticket is the only punishment.

To continue, the number of deaths that are done by a car is insurmountable. Distracted drivers are the main concern for pedestrians crossing the road. Approximately four thousand people were killed in the year 2015 due to drivers not looking at the road. Having a phone in the car with you is very important but only for emergencies. Now phones are used to text, play music on their phone,make phone calls,etc. Using a phone while driving is a safety hazard and should be punishable by a huge fine or even imprisonment. Vehicular homicide is a real thing and affects thousands of Americans each year. According to the department of transportation in 2018 3,477 died due to texting on the road.

Furthermore. the people being hit are not the only ones in danger when drivers use cell phones on the road. Drivers are killed because of their own negligence. On many occasions distracted drivers will hit trees,buildings,homes,etc. When drivers hit massive objects they cause more problems than expected. Drivers who use cell phones while driving can create thousands of dollars worth of damage,and could possibly ruin small businesses. All of this can be averted if only people stop putting their cell phone as a first priority. Let's stop trying to multitask. Any conversation worth risking our lives for is one not worth taking/

Thirdly, let's think about the children. Children lose everything when someone they lose is gone. Distracted drivers are a growing breed and majority of them are on cell phones. When a driver hits a woman with their car a full sequence of events follow that. Not only is that woman and the potential she could have on the world is gone,but the family that she left behind will never be the same.

Drivers who use their cell phones on the road causes a complete domino effect that will possibly lead to much pain.

In conclusion, drivers who use cell phones are a plague on american lives. Every conversation is not worth having especially if you are driving. Lets stop the cycle end cell phones while driving.            