The internet is starting to be used for pretty much everything, so why not use it for school?

Almost all kids these days know how to use electronics and can access a device at ease. Students would benefit from attending online school from home because its less stressful then regular school, it lets the student go at there own pace, and it helps the students be more organized.

Students in school have a massive amount of stress whether its trying to please there parents, them trying to make a good future for themselves, or even teachers pressuring them to do better. Students working under pressure can only mentally and emotionally drain them. Being able to work at home and relax in the environment they choose will only re leave some of that stress they have. Having the ability to control the environment they work in will let them not stress about little things like worrying about other students or bad teachers.

Students all learn at different paces it doesnt matter what grade your in. With online school students would be able to go at there own pace and learn how they want to. Some student might want to go really fast through all the information, but some might want to take there time and go a little slower. For example is school some students might like to go through lessons pretty fast because they forget things if the lesson is to slow. On the other hand, some students might feel rushed to learn everything they need and get over whelmed with the information. Going at there own pace could really improve students grade by helping them not feel rushed or going to slow.

In school it is typically hard for lots of students to stay organized and on top of things. However, online school would help students stay organized because everything would be right there on a computer. There are no papers that could get lost or misplaced, all they need is right on there electronic device. Being able to have everything right there makes it a whole lot easier for the student to keep track of everything he or she needs. From experience, I know that I have lost numerous important papers and homework and it has effected my grade, but online school would help me improve that aspect of school. Online school would help students organization which would benefit students grades.

In conclusion, Online school would be beneficial for students because it helps them relax more, they can take the time they need to learn, and it can help then stay organized. Some people might say that online school has no social aspect to it, but I believe that online school will just give them more time in there personal life to be social with who ever they want. Online school will improve the grades of students. 