Thier are a bunch of reasons for not using a car I can name you 10 off the top of my head. It limits pollution saves money great excerise thier multiple reasons not to drive a car everday.

For example if you limit your car use to 3 times a week you would save a ton of money. Also you would help get rid of pollution as it states in the article "Pairs bans driving due to smog" that congestion was down 60 percent in the captial of france after 5 day of intensifiying smog. That happened after five days the smog cleared up enough and they let people start driving again. Also if you limit your car use you could start doing some excersie which is great because the rate of obesity may drop. Also if you limit your self from driving you are less likely to be in a car acciedent.

In the passage "car free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" that they for one whole day dont use cars. They instead ride bikes every where because they want to reduce smog as Pairs wants to. In the passage it says that since its such a big hit that two more colombian cites, Cail and Valledupar joined the event. They have built over 118 miles of bike paths, the most of any latin American city, according to Mockus, the city's mayor. It also says that "the rain hasn't stopped people from participating," said Bogota Mayor Antanas Mockus. Also that day lets people probaly enjoy life way more because all you can do is ride bike and walk so they probaly go on adventures.

The final reason why you limit car use is thier would be less of a chance for you to get hurt or even worse. Thier are many acciedent evey year because of drunk and reckless drivers many have lost thier lives to idiots on the road. Thier was a story on the news that three teenage kids died in a car acciedent because they where under the influnce of drugs. They could have hurt other people the reporter said they crashed into a store and the store owner almost got hurt. Those kids almost took someone else life which is scary but if you limit your car use thier wont be that many acciedents.

All in all if you just limit your use of the car you can be helping out a bunch. The pollution can be reduced not as many car acciedents you can save your self some money. Also you can get more excersie in if you dont use your car that often.                       