Some people think that the crater in Mars, is an alien face, but how could it?

There is not enough evidence to conclude that the stucture is an alien face. And besides, weird shapes always form. Its just nature.

Conspiracy theorists think its an alien and that we are hiding something from the people, but we have nothing to hide.

Around the face, you can clearly see there are other crater like forms on the planet. But those do not resemble any body forms? Thats because that is just how they were formed. The face is just another one of mother natures masterpieces. We shouldn't take it for granted and start asuming things that are not true.

In the story, it states that Garvin said, "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho". This means that it isnt the first time nature made a weird but amazing shape in the earth. Have you ever seen a tree, thats bark makes a shape, and it looks like its staring right back at you? Well, if you have, you understand that it is just nature and its a happy surprise with no actual meaning. Its the same for the face on Mars.

If aliens are in the universe somewhere, and want to interact with us, I think they would find a better way to do it. They would most likly do something way more incredable and unforgetable. Not just stick one of their faces in the ground of the planet and see if anyone notices. If that was their plan, well, you have been notice. Now what? If they meant to put that in the planet, why didn't they respond when we figured out? Why didn't they land on our planet and say they magic words,"take me to your leader"? Well, they couldve if they wanted to, if they really wanted us to notice them.

In conclusion, I do not think that the face on Mars, is an actual face. Sure, there can possibly be aliens in the universe somewhere, there probably is! But I doubt they would make a face print in a planet to get our attention. Plus, there are other weird, yet amazing, artifacts in the universe that no one can forget. That's why I think that the "face on Mars" isn' t really a face, bu t in fact,is just one of nature's masterpieces once again. 