I believe that we should not use driverless cars, in my opinion they are an accident wating to happen. The arguments saying we should switch to driverless cars sound far fecthed. The text uses statements such as, "the cars would use half the fuel of todays cars", "they offer more flexibility", and that "they are much safer". These arguments are invalid in many ways that I will explain.

They text says that driverless cars would be cheaper than cars that require a human to handle them, but they are not. Driverless cars aren't even driverless, they still require a human skill to take over when the car cannot comprehend what to do next. Driverless cars would be much more expensive to obtain and operate than a normal car. Driverless cars have many different extremely expensive gadgets needed to even make it semi-automatic, they require position estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver, and an internal motion sensor. A normal human operated vehicle does not require any of those things, so if a person did wish to get a driverless car, they would be paying a substantial amount of money and even more for fuel, to keep up with the parts and technology, and for gas. With a manual car all you have to do is purchase it (for a much smaller amount) and pay gas money and body shop bills should they arise, but still yet, it would be a lot less than the driverless car.

The text also states the driverless cars offer more flexibility than a manual car, this is untrue, they actually offer less. With a manual car, you are the driver and you choose where to go and what to do, with the driverless car you are supposed to tell your GPS where to take you and that's all the input you have. But what if the place you are trying to go is on a road that doesn't show up on the GPS? Now that driverless car is pretty useless. They are much less flexible than a man powered vehicle and much less reliable.

Lastly, the text states that driverless cars are much safer than manual ones, this is invalid. Their arguments for such a statement are, "driving in a fun new way", "you can have in-car entertainment", and "you would be able to text and drive". These are crazy reasons that a driverless car is safe. First of all, driving doesn't need to be fun, you just need to get from point A to point B. Secondly, there should be no in-car entertainment. Playing games, watching tv, etc. should not be done while driving, because the "driverless car" still needs to be operated by a human, this is a deadly distraction. And again, with the texting a driving, this is a lethal distraction that should not be suggested to do, even in a driverless car. If you were to be texting you may not notice your driverless car signalling you to take over, and consequently, you will be in a wreck.

In conclusion, driverless cars should be kept a thing you see in movies, fictional. There are too many risks and dangers to a driverless car and the price would be unaffordable for most. The driverless car is an unthoughtout idea that makes no sense. There are too many problems with the driverless vehicle for it to be reliable and safe, so we need to stick with the manual cars instead. 