Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I do think community service is important for students to get involved in. Not only is it good for the community, but it is good for us to do things for ourselves and for others. Some of the reasons why I think community service is a good thing is because it is a great way to students to get involved in their community, it is a great thing for the environment, and it is a great thing for others, too.

The first reason why I think community service is a good thing is because it is a great way for students to get involved in their community. Kids these days have a bunch of new technology and they think they can just live off of that and that nothing else matters in the world except beating their high score at the newest video game. Well I have news for them. There are more important things to do than play video games all day. They can join clubs or just help people out. They can join a group that supports local charities or they can join together to help clean up the community. It doesn't have to be boring and you can do it with friends. You get to hang out with your friends while you help others, and I think that's the most important thing of all. We should start getting people involved with more community service.

The second thing why I think community service is a great thing is it's great for the environment. If you just throw your trash everywhere, it builds up higher and higher over time and now you have a dirty community and nobody wants that. And plus, littering is illegal and you can get a high- priced fine for doing it, so it's better to pick up the trash, rather than cause it. You can join your local YMCA or other clubs and go around and pick up a few pieces of trash because if 10 people each pick up 5 pieces of trash, that's already 50 pieces of trash! If you go out and do it even just once a week, you will have a better and a cleaner community in no time, and a cleaner community is always better for everyone.

The last reason why community service is a good idea and should be enforced is that it is a great thing to do for others too, not just yourself. Some people want to help out with jobs around their community but maybe they are elderly or they are sick or injured and they can't . This is where kids come in. They are in the best health of their lives right now so they can go out and help clean up around their elderly or sick neighbors house and I am sure that would just make their day because they aren't able to do it themselves. Plus, doing things for others doesn't just make them feel good, it makes you feel good because you know you have done a big deed for that person and it makes them really happy.

Now you see which side and take and why I think helping out in your community is such a good idea. It gets people involved in their communities and neighborhoods, it's a great thing to do for the environment, and it's a great thing to do for others who maybe can't do community service themselves. I think community service should be encouraged to kids and students of all ages because it is a great thing to do.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME