Americans throughout the country believe that the Electoral College isn't fair and believe that they deserve a more direct voting syste to the president, other than voting for electors. These reasons are made by the people because they want more and more power in the government. What the people want is almost always the risky option, especially when the topic is government. I believe that the Electoral College should be kept as the way it is now, and not a direct voting system for American citizens.

As said in the previous statement, Americans that want the Electoral College gone are lurking for more power when it comes to rules. Unfortunately, if the government's decisions were left in the hands of the people, the country's state would be in anarchy. On the other hand, the electoral college offers Congress and the Senate a share of the power, and the American citizens a share of the power as well. For example, if the Electoral College began to diminish, then became wiped out immediately, the government could do nothing less but to watch as the people choose the president that they want. Sometimes, what is wanted by the people may not always be the right thing.

Moving on, almost 60 percent of all American voters stated that they would rather have a direct voting system, putting aside the Electoral College. What most people are not seeing is that the direct voting and Electoral College system are very similar. The difference between the two is, that when Americans vote in the Electoral College, they are voting for electors that go towards the president, and when Americans vote directly to the president, those same amount of votes go to the president as well. If the voting system was based off of a direct route to the presidents side, then there would be too many votes to count, which is why have representatives towards each state is one of the glories of the Electoral College.

Finally, the popular voting system is very flawed, considering that there are states that have millions more people people than others. Some states even double the size of other states according to population. For example, New York's population most likely doubles the population of Florida's, but thanks to the Electoral College, the representative and population ratio weighs out, giving each state an equal amount of votes toward their president. Now, if the popular voting system was in place, then states like New York would outnumber states like Florida's votes by millions. It would not be as fair as it is now if the popular voting system replaced the Electoral College.

In conclusion, the Electoral Colllege has many positive outlooks like keeping the voting system fair and not giving too much power to either side when voting is the subject. Although many Americans believe that the Elecotral College is causing the wrong presidents to win, it does not make a difference either way because of the way that the Electoral College evens out the votes. The Electoral College is a fair and suitable system for the United States and should be kept as America's voting system be            