Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing. In other words, students can complete their school work while away from the classroom. Many schools are offering this option for students to continue their education while they are out of school, or as a secondary option to attending school physically. Students are always trying to get as much work done as possible, and sometimes that can stress them out and cause them to not truly understand what they are learning. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because, they could work at their own pace, have less opportunities to miss work causing them to fall behind, and the students would be allowed more time to complete assignments.

By working at home the class would be focused on a specific student more directly allowing them to get their work done at their own pace. All students do not work at the same level or same speed as each other. Having a class more centered around what a specific student is working on would benefit the student tremendously by allowing them to take their time. Students would be able to stay focused on what they are learning rather than having to worry about what is coming next. On the other side, students that work in a fast pace style would be allowed to stay ahead of things, and not be slowed down by others. Many students who are fast workers are, most of the time, slowed down to stay on pace with the rest of the class, causing them to lose interests. While working at home students would never be told to wait, and would always be kept engaged in education. By taking classes at home students would get their work done at their own pace more accurately, making them better students.

Many students miss work after being absent from school, easily causing them to fall behind in class. If students were to work from home they would not have to worry about missing important assignments or notes, as they could do them while they are away. This would be a great way to allow students to stay up to date with what they are learning in class while they are away from school, for any period of time. Students would no longer have to come back after being away and get caught up with what they missed, and what they are learning that day as well. Missing a test, or just a lesson, can cause a student to fall behind in a class, and negatively impact their grade. A student would be able to work steadily alongside the class while at home. This would greatly improve the students will to work, and help them achieve success. Online class would help keep students in the curve of what they are learning in class while being away from school.

If students were to work from home they would have an altered schedule that would give them a longer work time than while being at school. While at school students are only permitted a certain time a day to work for each class. Online classes would allow the student to work freely, in their own time, to get their assignments done throughout the week. Allowing the student more time allows them to not be as worried, or rush to get their work done. As well as giving them more time to complete assignments, students could also work ahead to free up time for themselves later in the week. This would allow students who are good in one subject to take more time to focus on another subject they are possibly struggling in. It could also persuade students to work harder to get rewarded with a day of lighter work. Working from home would allow the student to complete their work in longer spans of time, allowing them to fully comprehend what they are learning.

In conclusion, students who were to take online classes from home would be more independent, knowledgeable, and harder workers. Online classes would be a great way for students to remain educated while being away from school. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes at home because, they could work at their own pace, have less opportunities to miss work causing them to fall behind, and the students would be allowed more time to complete assignments.        