In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto, he defines how the new Facial Action Coding System allows technology to this day determine emotions of humans. The author uses the famous painting of the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci as an example of emotion(s) the computer can detect. However, the new technology is a valuable advantage because it can express all emotions one could feel that could create a positive impact for greater educational opportunites in the future.

The 3-D model of the Facial Action Coding System is described to have a human-like appearance with joints like the human muscle. "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal, even though individulas often show varying degrees of expression"(Huang). The future of technology is rapidly changing and adapting to become smarter and more like a human mind set. Like humans, the computer can detect if someone may be feeling one way through facial expressions. For example, "We humans perform this same impressive 'caculation' everyday. For instance, you could probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." Logically, if a close friend claim to say they might feel one way but you might feel they aren't expressing themselves like that. "Yet Dr. Huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions...Perhaps Dr. Huang's emotion algorithms are a different sort of 'Da Vinci Code'!" From the evidence of Da Vinci's studies of human anatomy, the "code" could be used on the FACS to determine a facial expression. "To an expert, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a 'smiling' politician or celebrity isn't being truthful."

The use of FACS can be a valuable source in the future to involve computers in communication. "Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication," notes dr. Huang. 'So computers need to understand that too." From a scientific and professional point of view, Dr. Huang indicates that computers should be involved with emotions. It is valuable to say that technology to read emotional expressions of students in classrooms is indeed an advantage that can greatly impact their learning envoirnments. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." From this quote, it is foreshadowing that future education is likely to be involved of more computer activity. The medical and political field could receive a positive impact from this as well. "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive- for video games or video surgery."

Overall, the technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is indeed a valuable statement and can be used in further educational, political, and medical positive opportunites.   