Driverless cars are cars that will drive on its own, but they still need a driver right now for problems that happen and that needs a human, but are quickly become less reliant on humans for parts of the driving. Many different companies like Google and Volvo are making and testing driverless cars and there are some that we pass by everyday and we don't even know it.

Driverless are a good thing for everyone, for example you are a busy person and have a long drive to work? Well you can work one that long drive getting mroe things done, and when the car needs your assistance, you are there. They can help the enviroment because they can find the shortest route to the place you are going by GPS. And car accidents will decrease by a large amount if everyone, or almost everyone,

drove driverless. Right now all of Googles car haven't crashed once except when another human driver hit them. Also if someone is a long road trip by themselfs they will get tired, that is a big cause of car crashes, but if driverless cars then the driver won't have to drive the car while tired on major highways, also reducing accidents. If we adopted driverless then there would be a taxt/ride-sharing for everone, just say you need a car and one will come and pick you up. Another big casue of crashes and deaths if drinking and driving, but with driverless car it will keep people under the influence from driving on roads and making the roadways a safer place for everyone. As our lives keep advancing, so does technology, and this technology and help us learn, live better lifes, be safe, and so much more. And driverless cars are just part of this technology push. Cars are another step to making our lives better. Most rockets and other veichles that go into space that carry people, supplys, and other objects are mostly automated by computers. If a computer can take a veichle to Mars, Pluto, the Moon. Then why can't it take us down the street. As time advances driverless cars will get better and safer for everybody involed. So why hasen't the world adopted driverless cars for the better of everybody? If more money was put into the research and production of driverless cars then they would be even better and safer.

All in all driverless cars are for the betterment of people and the advancement in technology. With more research going into driverless cars with big names behind it like, Google, Apple, Tesla, Volvo and more. Then why does it seem like the world isn't fully behind driverless cars yet. Once laws are passed and more driverless cars are put onto the roads the hopefully everyone can see why drivercars are good for the world and simply amazing.