Ringgggg Ringggggg! *alarm clock goes off* awe jeez school again? Actually maybe not, because some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some people may disagree about this idea and they also believe that school builds character among students and disciplines children or some people may actually like attending school *crickets* I don't why anyone in the world would like doing that but lets move on shall we. I actually like the concept of the no school thing it seems really beneficial. You have zero restrictions, if you are sick you can stay home and complete your online tasks, and you have time away from awful teachers. Sounds like a win win situation for everyone!

One thing I really love about this online schooling is that you have no restrictions or rules to follow. Most schools have a policy that if you have six or more unexcused absences, no matter what your grades look like you have legally failed which is really messed up. But if you take online classes you have no absences to worry about. Also you have a lot of free time. For example, in school after you finish you work you have to sit there quietly after everyone finishes their worksheet. Now if you're home alone you have no teacher hassling you for phone or no ones stressing you over work you can work at your own pace and be comfortable in your Elmo pajamas. Lastly you don't have to sit there and hold your bladder because you teacher has a "1 pass a week rule."

Secondly, online classes can help you stay on track if you are sick or have a severe illness. For instance, about two and a half years ago I had the flu and I was out of school for about a week or two, so I returned to school only to find out I've missed tons and tons of work. I was so behind and I didn't catch up about three weeks from then. Lastly, online could assist you if your teacher isn't the best at what they do. Most teachers do not really teach their students, they give them little instruction and then they hand out a work sheet and the students have to take the information and piece it together to figure out what to do. Like lets take Generic_Name for example, a math teacher, he doesn't really care if we cheat on our worksheet because he claims he "taught it to us already."

Some people may disagree about the idea of online classes. Some people may think public schools help develop character by having friends, interacting with other students, and talking to teachers. Also most parents think children need discipline in their lives which the school provides with the rules and restrictions. Another reason some people may disagree is that some people...may actually.... enjoy school...eh. Despite these reasons, I still support online schooling because it provides us free time, time away from teachers, and freedom from restrictions and rules.

I hoped I help shine some light on why online schooling is an excellents idea. It provides us free time, time away from teachers, and freedom from restrictions and rules. And I hope they bring a program like that to Generic_School very soon. *Mom yells* "hurry up before you miss the bus!"