Driverless cars are more expensive and require more attention than what they are worth in and of themselves. Driverless cars will be expensive to manufacture, which will be handed to the consumer in that driverless cars will be more expensive than regular cars. Since driverless cars still require an operator to monitor the enviornment, a person might as well just be driving the vehicle.

Driverless cars either require smarter roads, which will be extremely expensive to upgrade current roads and the cost of that would ultimately be handed down to taxpayers, or require expensive engineering which the cost of would be passed down to consumers.

Driverless vehicles still would require an operator which poses several issues. Drivers could become bored, and even if they had entertainment systems build into the car, drivers would then be distracted from the vehicle's environment in the case where the driver needed to take control of the vehicle. Even if the entertainment systems could shut themselves off in a moment's notice, drivers may not be in a state of mind that is prepared to operate a vehicle in an emergency situation.

The legal challenges facing driverless cars are also not worth fighting. Multitudes of laws would need to be changed in order for driverless cars to be legal. And even if some states legalized driverless cars, then there would be practical issues for consumers. Drivers would not be able to cross state lines if some states legalized driverless cars while others did not. Also, if a driverless car manages to get into an accident, then the quesstion of who would be liable for the accident would pose legal issues. And in the case where one driverless car got into another driverless car, then the law would be especially ambiguous as to who is at fault for such an accident.

In conclusion, driverless cars are more expensive, both in the engineering or upgrading of roads, than what the cars themselves are worth. Driverless cars still require a driver for special cases, such as navigating around accidents or a hazordous environment, which would also require that the driver stay alert and aware of the environment. Driverless cars lastly pose multitudes of legal issues, as laws would need to be changed and written in order for driverless cars to become legal. Driverless cars that require a driver are not worth being driverless.    