Since the school system was developed the main priority was to inform young adults as they transion to being able to join the workforce and learn basic information that would help them prosper in the real world. The goverment created a school ciriculum in order to teach what they found to be important such as common core classes to students before they begin their work career. Online classes were recently introduced with the creation of the internet and easy access to technology.

These classes were deveoped with the intent to help people manage their own time and progress at their own pace without falling behind in regular school.

Many other benifits came from the introduction of online classes such as opened countless opprtunities to those who wanted to continue their education after highshool and take online colledge corses that help developed peoples personal interest.

The implement of onlince courses severly benifits counteless students who have been bullied, those who are not as quick learners, and even help indiduals specailize in categories they find intresting and can improve upon more comfortably to them.

Firstly a major problem world wide today that has existed since the establishment of school are bullies who torment students which drastically decreases their ability to perform. Bullies are students who are usally unsuccesful in school themselves and take their problems out on others who want to learn in a safe enviorment.

Students can't focus on whats happening right in front of them in a classroom if their petrified of whats going to happen in the hallways as soon as the bell rings.

Many autrocities have occurred to students who were constantly put down which pushed them to horric lengths, and to go as far as taking there own lives to end their suffering endoured at school. This tretmeant towards student peers is unacceptable and there needs to be a way around the fate they've assigned to themselves when being targeted.

With online school every student thats fearful of a bully can feel safe and confortable in their own home which is a nessary pychologoical requirment to be able to encode and process information.

These online classes have the ability to save lives and drasically improve the student succes rates.

For this reason many students can prosper with the ablility to take classes online instead of having to attend school.

Another common theme in schools is the fast pace core curiculum classes that cause students to fall far behind inevitabley ruining future success.

Many classes are easy to some but difficult to other so teachers have to teach at a peace inbetween the two, but that pace may be to fast for some students never allowing them to fully learn the content.

Once so many classes have passed on it seems impossible to learn enough to get the information nessasary for a student to be successful.

No matter how much work students put in they might not understand whats being taught unless they have more time availible to them.

With online classes it helps student manage their time frame of work and are able to slow down when they don't understand somthing and help them recieve the extra attention needed to them.

As seen in many cases today including one of my old neigbors; students are more capable of handling the workload and pace of information when they go through course by themselves online.

An old neighbor I had in South Carolina had lots of trouble keeping up with the work assigned to him during school because teachers went to fast and he walked away from school everyday learning minimal information and having to do tons of homework about the information that was taught in class.

He found out about online school and decieded to give it a try to see if he would improve.

Little did he think he improved a drastic amount because he was able ot slow down in sections that he found difficult to him and flew through sections that were fundemently easier to him.

By having the extra time with online classes students are able to become far more succesful than they would at school.

With the impliment of online courses students who struggle can greatly benifit from swithcing to online school.

Many students that attend school find countless classes to be a waste of time such as art, music, and physcial eduacation. These classes are seen by many to be usless and find they could be better spending their time learing about course that interst them and heplp them deveople a liking to a certain career.

The problem with school is that they offer a limited amount of extra ciricular courses due to the low appeal from the student body, but this doesn't mean no one is interseted.

WIth online classes a much wider variety is opened up and is accessable to students interested in particular fields. These offered classes online can help many students find their passion and figure out what they truly enjoy in life, which ultimately serves to the purpose of the foundation of school.

Being able to chose what you learn and improve upon yourself incerases attitudes of many students.

This open accessiblity improves morallity and determination amplifing the succes of countless students.

Since online class offer this accesiblity it is only benifical for students to be able to attend classes from their house rather than attending school.

Overall online school was first created to give the option of going through school without the unessary stress of attending public or private school.

The intent created a vast amount of reasons why online school is far more benifical for differnt types of students.

Why should other students be less succesful, because of the need to attend public school when they can prosper with online school?

The implementaion of online school in society was a nessary and far more benifilcail decison that orginally percieved.

Many students will and have benfitted from the desicion to enroll themselves in online school rather than attend public school.