It just seems like yeasterday that technogoly was interdouce to our culture, from the telephone, to the probabily the most useful thing in out daily life, cars. For decades companies have been trying to perfect the whole idea of car from hybrids, to eletric power cars. But now the next big think coming from our generation is driverless cars oming from companies like google. Already other compaines are building driverless cars and sayign they'll be release by 2016. But I know if they carry out on that idea fro that release, its going to be a disaster in every way possible, here's why.

Before we I go into the mees that is driverless cars, what I can say is a great system that was added was a combination of still having the driver in the drivers seat with his hands on the wheel, and being able to perfect a error thats happen in the progam of the car. Becuase at the end of the day, technogoly was made by fulad people and will make tech fulad no matter what. But the compaines are praising this as if nothing is going to go wrong. The stats do show barley any crashes occur, but the one problem is were not talking about mutiple people having one by just one car in a certain area.

Lets say its 2020 right now, and everyone has a driverless car. You go cars from different companies and all running at different severs from that compainies. How are two different branded vehicles are going to react to each other with hundreads of cars running at the same time, the sever is going to crash. Althought a situation like this might not ever occur, theres more problems that still ned to be speak of the driverless cars.

Every if this was never a problem in the first place, in this future there going to be people with vehicles that still need to be manualy driver, and vehicles that are driverless. What the problem is in the situation is when reading the text, these driverless cars hit a max of 25mph. Althought these cars will most likely be block of on going on hight ways, just on mains roads this is going to cause alot of road rage to certain. just for these car only going 25mph, soem people are going to be block off from going to their destation right on time.

So it seems driverless car are going to cause any more problem unless states outlaw car that arn't driverless to the public, but that would just be a stupid idea and would just make a problem all by itself. But in many ways that's what companies are think to do, make a system that would be too complex for anyone to understand. Changing the basic law of roads is what companies are thinking about. This would elemate many people do to the major change in the system. Most likely people would have no choice and be forced to buy a driverless car under their will.

This whole situation of saying this is going to be the next big thing is somthing we've seen before every decade. If I had to piredict what would happen if driverless cars do release in 2020. Pretty much any new like this is going to have problems now just becuase these cars now need to be quickly made which can lead someone to question the quality of these car. Not to mention the poor millage these cars will have, and pretty much these cars are going to be over price and not worth the vaule at all. The trend of these driverless cars might died around the mid 2020s and will have to wait until the tech is perfective to be re-release to the public. In a nutshell, theres going to be some major flaws with these types of vehicles if release in 2020. All you can do is don't buy then right as they come out, becuase I wouldn't be surprise if the next days theres numerous of crashes in the coming days.         