Projects during the school year are ways for teachers to determine exactly what their students know about a specific topic. A majority of these projects are designed by teachers with specific instructions and due dates. However, a summer project designed by a teacher would be difficult for some student to accomplish. Summer projects should be student designed because it could be better for their learning abilities and they can create what they are comfortable with.

While many people believe even a summer project should be teacher designed, students designing their own projects would be better for their learning abilities. During the summer if a student is not of the age to have a job then they are traveling with family or doing nothing. It would be easier for them to fill that free time up with a project that they can design and create. The first part of the planning process for a project would be for students to pick a specific topic within that subject and stick with it. After finding the topic the student is willing to talk about, it would help them to create a rough draft of what the actual project will look like once everything is complete. After planning carefully planning everything, they can start their projects once they get ready. Sometimes when it comes to students doing projects, they never tend to start the same day as when they plan. With the projects being student designed they can start when they feel its best and get quality work done in a small amount of time. Some people like to section their projects off and work on it piece by piece to keep it neat and organized. Others place thing in every position to get a good feeling of how their final project will turnout. Finally, after some time the student would be close to finishing the final project. Once they have reached this step, all that is left would be for them to make sure it looks presentable and to study the information. Since this is a summer project it would be a good idea for the student to know the information just in case the following teacher ask them to present it. Adding any final detail would be the very last thing the student would have to do before they are finished and waiting to turn it in once school starts.

To add on, with the students being able to design their own projects they can create the kind of project they are comfortable with. Some students like to create things on poster board with markers, colored pencils, decorated tape, and even colorful paint. Using these items helps to bring out their creativity and inner artist. Another type of project they could make is a PowerPoint. Students could add all their details, pictures, and transitions in a slide show that is and make it just as neat as a poster board would be. There is not much of a difference when it come to doing a project on poster board or on a computer. Different students have different comfort levels And what may be easy and comfortable to some may be hard and uncomfortable to others.

As a result, student designed projects benefit students in many ways. They help with their learning abilities and students can create a project that they feel comfortable with. Its not easy for students to create projects under a lot of stress and teacher control. It is easier and beneficial for students to design and create their own summer projects on their own time. 