Being able to learn from home should be a choice given to all students nationwide. Online classes can allow students to stay up to date in their classes. In many cases, some students miss school due to a countless number of reasons that result in them staying home. Whether it is because that student becomes sick or because that student is dealing with a personal situation, missing school can cause students to become confused in class. It is also proven that students have their own unique preference of how to learn. It could be taking online classes or video chatting with their teachers. If given the opportunity from their school, students would greatly benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing, because it will keep students well rounded.

Others may disagree with the idea that students attending class from home is beneficial. Some may argue that a student is not getting all the information needed for their class since they are not actually in the classroom. At home, a student may be more distracted than he or she would be in a classroom. Due to the fact that there is more technology and freedom at home, a student can quickly get off task. Learning from home could also cause students to lose interaction with their classmates and teachers.

If a student misses school, he or she would be able to stay caught up in the curriculum because of attending class from home. In many instances, when a child is absent from class, that child falls way behind in the unit that is being taught. Confusion may arise while that child is in class the next day with no understanding about what is being taught. This can cause their grades to decrease because they are missing work and missing material. But if the student were to have a video conference with their teacher, there would be no risk of falling behind in class. Giving students a chance to learn from home would work in their favor.

By being home, away from all the noise a classroom often brings, students will be less distracted while learning. Most days in class, it is often too loud and rowdy for other students to learn. Surrounded by their peers, students can get easily distracted from what is being taught to them. Distance learning would allow students to focus in a peaceful environment while also getting the information needed without any setbacks. Students can focus solely on the teacher and the material being taught. Talking or getting in trouble would not be an option. Students will be able to learn at a place and time that is best for them.

Distance learning would allow flexibility within a students life and keep students up to date in their courses. It gives students the opportunity to learn in an environment that is comfortable for them. Without the distractions and without the possibility of falling behind, children will grow as better students. Due to these reasons,

I do believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.