The technolology to scan your face and tell your emotions is kind of creepy. Having a machine in class to tell teachers how the students are feelling is just a little weird to me but it also could be very usefull. In the text it states that the software in the computer could see if you are confused and will change the lesson so the student will better understand.

The main reason why this is creepy to me is it reminds me of the Movie Tremator. In the movie Arnald Swartsnager comes back to the past to protect the future leader of the human rebelian aginst the superior robots they have built. Well to make a long story short the robot that Arnald Swartsnager plays can scan Robert Oconner's face and asked him why is your face leaking. Yes I know this technology is far more advanced than the movie ,but that is how I can relate.

I can also relate to how the computer could tell if you are confused and change the lesson so you can learn the way you do. In the text it states the computer can tell if you have a fake or forced smile or a guinine smile by the rincles under your eyes. The text also said you can probly tell what mood your friend is by the look on their face,but the person could be hiding their true emotions from you so the computer can tell if you are mad at that person at that time and place.

In the story the author includes how most video games and surgery cames have non verbal comunications,and how your home computer could never process this information like how your feeling that day.

I personaly would like to have this technology in our classrooms,and our homes. This would help out alot of men. For an example its your one year weading anaversery and you ask your lovley wife what she wants to eat. A simple question,but you rember that she can never tell you where she wants to eat. Or the example your kids come home acting odd you ask what is wrong but you dont get a responce. So you go in to there school computer and watch what mood he or she is in.

So I have told you my thoughts on the subject time to recap. I first thought it was odd and kinda scarry due to it reminding me of a movie and the robots. Then we relised that this technology can be great for the students who dont fo very well in school becaouse they do not get the lesson.