Schools that give digital learning classes as a viable option to enrollment hurt the students because it does not give real world examples, help build social structure or teach good work ethic.

The schools that give enrollment via a digital platform can strip the youth of accurate real world examples. Over the web, students lose the ability to acquire important knowledge and examples from adults at an actual school since the students aren't attending the physical classes. When students do not show for class (physically), the student can miss out on experiences such as a friend giving a story that just might happen to be a good representation of how things in the world operate. This occurs because students are not there physically, therefore they cannot communicate and acquire such examples. When students try and acquire these examples, the information gained from a website, for example, is less valuable than information coming from whoever knows the info as a fact. If someone knows inside info on whatever the information the student is looking for, then it can almost falsify the info found from the internet. this works because if someone views what is actually going on, then it becomes more trustworthy than a simple Google search. Overall, digital classes can take away examples and experiences of how the world operates.

When schools allow internet classes, they weaken the students social structure and communication skills. If use of this form of communication occurs over time, it can cause the user to develop an anti social personality since the user is not talking to anyone face-to-face. This can cause, and encourage, lessened communication and social skills because being over exposed to use on the platform can give a feeling of relief. This occurs when ending a call with someone, the feeling is as if they had saved their own life, which itself encourages antisocial behavior.

When students talk over video communication platforms, such as Skype, they lose the urge to leave the house. The urge to not want too leave ones house can cause antisocial behavior and can send the urge to socialize plummeting since the enrolled student never tested their communication skills face-to-face with an actual person. If an anti social person is exposed to unwanted communication, it can cause the person to retreat into themselves mentally and cause the persons communication skills to go even farther back. in conclusion, if schools allow complete online classes, it can cause lessened communication and social skills.

Schools that give digital classes as an option can damage a students work ethic. This can occur because the student is not (and maybe never was) exposed to physical organization, which can cause sloppiness. The reason this can occur is because the computer they are using has so much space, the student does not know what to do with it, therefore giving a overwhelming feeling of distraction and unorganization. It can also be because they never really figured out how to be organized in the first place since the student was always distracted about meeting the standard. Students work ethic can suffer because when they are given a standard to meet, the student meets it without attempting to over achieve. This can cause students to lack in detail and be very robotic with what assignments are given. Therefore, it teaches an incorrect work ethic due to insufficient standard requirements. Overall, students that take digital classes can damage ones work ethic through inaccurate standards and inabilities in meeting physical organization through having too much space.

Schools that give digital learning classes as a viable option to enrollment hurt the students because it can strip the youth of accurate real world examples, weaken the students social structure and communication skills and damage a students work ethic.