Looking back on that last tough decision, do you wish there was someone there to help guide you or tell you if that was the best thing to do? No one can tell you what's right or wrong but they can lend you advice instead. I believe that seeking advice and opinions from others can help you make a better, more educated choice because they can have more experience, help you focus on the main goal, and give more straightforward, emotionless advice.

In certain situations, making the correct decision is tough, however, most people are not exactly alone in making that decision. Even though, it's a new problem to one person, it could be an old one to someone else. If it is, that person could help guide the other person into making a better decision than maybe the one they made. For instance, college. Choosing which college to go to isn't exactly a light decision and some may ask for advice on which one to choose. By asking others who have had to make related decisions about college, they can give you more information on why or why not something is better or worse because they have the prior knowledge. Most decisions aren't new decisions. Others have most likely gone through the same thing and asking for their opinions can help you make a better choice.

Another reason is that while deciding something, people can get distracted by the little things and other people can help them get back on track. The simple question of, "Will that help you reach your goal?" can open their eyes to see the bigger picture once more. Sometimes getting that reality check is all you need to make the best decision. Everyone's future is different but it is inevitable and listening to advice from others could help better or worsen that future.

In some situations, our own judgment can get clouded easily by emotion. We can make rash decisions because we aren't thinking straight or are getting distracted by superficial things. In these situations, receiving honest advice from others can help you come to the realization of what's really important. It is easy to make decisions based on your emotions but sometimes those decisions aren't the best and could even create more problems for you later on. Asking for the opinions of others can help you make the better choice.

Most people have made a decision they've regretted and probably would've done differently if they have known it resulted in the way it did. They probably wish there was someone there that could've given them the advice to make a different decision. In conclusion, I believe that asking for multiple opinions can be beneficial to your decision-making because others can provide prior knowledge on a certain topic, help you stay on the correct path, and give you honest, needed feedback. 