When it comes to voting citizens from all over the country wonder if the Electoral College , "winner-take-all" system is the best way to choose our president. The obvious answer is yes. The Electoral College system was stablished by the founding fathers years ago and its been working perfectly fine untill present date.

Electing our president through electoral votes takes care of minor problems such as favorism of regions .Each state is giving electoral votes based on their population , no region such as south, north, east, ect.. has enough electoral votes to choose a president.(source 3 paragraph 19) " So a solid regional favorite, such as Romney was in the South, has no incentive to campaign heavily in those states, for he gains no electoral votes by increasing his plurality in states that he knows he will win" A president with a favorite region may make the rest of the country feel like their votes doesn't count and the new president will show no attention to their interests and their problems. Electing our presidents via Electoral College is the best way to make our country feel like our president is everyones president .

Most americans may prefer a direct election over the kind we have now. (source 2: paragraph 9) "... according to a poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency" Americans think that by choosing our leader by popular vote their votes will be represented more . Americans are also scared of a tie between candidates since the electoral vote numer is a even number ( 538 in total ) but they only need 270 to win the elections. They shouldnt be worried about this a tie could happen but is mostlikely never going to happen. The biggest complain about the winner take all system is that it is unfair to voters since cindidates campaign in big states or states with a lot of electoral votes , they dont spend time on states they know they have no chance of winning . ( source 2: paragraph 13) "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." but this isn't completely true , the winner take all method motivates candidates to focus their efforts on the " toss-up " states. Voters in these states really listen to the competeting candidates knowing they are responsible for deciding the election . "But of course no voter's vote swings a national election .." "Voters in presidentia elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election " (source 3: paragraph 23) One persons vote is not going to decide the election so no matter what point of view yu look at it from , electoral vote is the best way to choose our leader .              