What are the benefits of asking more than one person for advice when making a decision? For example, a boy is challenged with the option of running for the highest leadership in his community. What shall he do to make sure that he is making the right choice? To put it simply, your average boy next door has the opportunity to be a youth leader in his community. With natural leadership skills, his parents have no doubt that we would make a good leader, but doubt still seems to be a deciding factor. Our boy is faced with doubt and overwhelming uncertainty of his options. With so much going on, he has no idea of what he should, and can do. Would you, as his neighbor help him? When people have a decision to make, consulting more than one person can oftentimes lead to the better choice. Sometimes, others can have more knowledge than you, and therefore would be a better source. Others, especially adults with more experience can even tell you possible outcomes of your decision. Seeking advice from people with experience, knowledge, and wisdom can help you make the right decision.

More than one set of eyes on a topic can be a good thing sometimes. With more people reviewing your choices they could catch mistakes, or even tell you what you could do to improve your idea or choice. For example, when I wanted to buy a new camera, I was torn between so many different options. After asking my parents, friends, and family, I finally made the best choice for my money. Even when you have a small decision to make, like what to buy for lunch, asking your friends could help you get the best option they have to offer. Even when the President is making decisions, he too has people he can ask for advice. No matter what choice or decision you have to make, asking others for advice is a healthy option.

When others have more knowledge than you, their opinions and advice can be more in depth, practiced, or even more intelligent. To put it into perspective, if you have a question on math homework, asking the teacher would be more beneficial that asking your peer, or table mate. If you want to switch classes, or change your schedule, asking a counselor, or teacher with more knowledge than you can help you make the right decision too. Even when a high school student is applying to college, they too would ask their parents for advice. Using other's experienced advice, older knowledge and wisdom can lead you down the road to the right choice.

When making a big decision, sometimes asking somebody who has done such a thing before can tell you the outcome, or give you experienced advice. If a girl wants to get contacts, she could ask her parents, family members, or teachers who have had contacts before for advice. They themselves have had it before, so they would know the outcome, and therefore would be a great resource for advice. I know that when I wanted to go to summer camp, I asked my teacher who had been there before. She knew what it was like, and could tell me all about it so I knew I was making the right decision. Even when an aspiring actor or singer wants to join the industry, they too ask those who have gone through the same process for advice, or what to expect as an outcome. Asking those with experience, or previous knowledge can not only help you make the right choice, but also tell you about an outcome that the choice might provide.

Seeking advice from people with experience, knowledge, and wisdom can most definitely help you make the right decision. So, would you help the boy next door? If you have been through what he is experiencing, would you offer him advice? It can be tough to find people, but more than one person reviewing a topic or choice can help someone make the right decision. Having other people review your decision, or asking multiple sources can sometimes help you make the right choice. Even asking more experienced individuals can help too. When asking someone who has more in-depth knowledge, or is wiser, you can receive advice that you wouldn't have thought of. Even when making a big decision, like our boy next door, you can ask people who have done such things before. When asking those who have experienced first hand the choices you want to make, you can get opinions or advice from more experienced individuals. When you ask others for help, advice, or opinions, you have the chance to dive into a world of possibilities. When asking more than one person, you can experience even more possibilities. Asking other can give you the best help you may ever receive.                