Guy Montag once said that books are a key to education and information after he realized their true meaning. These books represent the resources given to students by teachers to educate them indirectly. Some argue that home schooling is less effective than public schools, because students don't get the face to face lecture and interactive learning, and others think they don't. Students benefit from being able to attend classes at home, because they are given the resources such as books and develop initiative to complete all of their work.

Students that are home schooled are given all the learning material, but need to have the initiative to stay on top of their homework which they benefit from instead of having a teacher always reminding them. In

The Crucible by Arthur Miller,

John Proctor demonstrates initiative by owning up to the witch trials without the pressure of anyone else telling him so. This draws a connection to the students who are home schooled, because John Proctor and the students develop initiative to reach their goal. Students who have initiative will benefit even though they attend classes at home.

Students who are given the learning material such as books and online resources, get the same education as those who attend public schools. In

Farenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury,

Guy Montag refers to books as an example of education and allows him to truly find himself, and escape from the dysopian society. Guy Montag uses these books as a source of education to find his true meaning and proceed to a new society. These books represent the materials given to students who are home schooled.

Some argue that students who are home schooled don't get the same educational benefits as those who attend public schools, but this is not the case. Students benefit from being able to attend classes at home, because they are given the resources such as books and develop initiative to complete all of their work. But without these resources and initiative, students wouldn't benefit from attending schools at home. As Guy Montag demonstrated, books are resources used to educate and proceed to a new life.