Do I think kids should attend class from home? It should be their for every schools mostly middle schools and high schools instead of just some schools, you don't know the situation that these kids go through now a days. In Generic_City we do offer students that want to take online classes if they they truly want too. We don't recommend it because the staff thinks it would be difficult for the students to handle instead of being in a classroom with live teachers. For being online you don't have a teacher nor any help, it's just you and the computer.

At Generic_School we do have the option to take online classes I can't fend for the other schools in Generic_City all I know we do take that option. Me personally I haven't took any online classes I kind of been wanting to just so it could free up a period. We also have a program where you can take a class over the summer, although you do have to pay for any of those classes. Some students do refer to the online summer classes then when they come to school they can take more electives/the classes that are more interesting to them. This year my parents are very strict about my classes I should've listen to them I could've had 2 classes already finished with. I wasn't thinking at the time because it's summer time, I mean who wants to take classes that are online during the summer?

Although we have the option for students to take classes that are online during the summer. we do have students are challenging to work with, not meaning that the teacher don't like them or that they don't want to teach them. The students just have a struggle wanting to go to school, I don't want to say that they skip school it's more as if school isn't their thing or, that they don't want to get up as early as the rest of the students. That's when online classes would benefit them that way they can still graduate and still get their high school credits. That way everyone walks away happy.

There are some high school students and middle school students that have issues with their health like sickness/illnesses or they might have a disability. Those type of situations we can't stop but we would overcome that challenge and find a solution. Your schools can find a way to help you get through that situation for you to graduate etc. Like I said many of times the online classes would suit you perfectly. My teachers always told me that their is always a way to find success and get you through your classes.

In my opinion I would most definitely take a online class/classes. It would only be during the summer time that way I can take more electives or come into school later in the day. Even though it would be challenging I always overcome that if I just put my mind to it, nothing come easy in this world. I even heard that AP classes you learn on your own so it's probably the same thing for online classes.

Schools that go up to 7th-12th grade should be able to have the option to take a online class/classes. It could benefit you and whatever situation you are in. Some school counties don't have that option and they should really change that because like I said you don't know what type of situation they are in. We want our students to be successful and graduate.!     