What do i think about driverless cars? I think they should put a stop to this whole new idea. Its a waste of time and not only a waste of time but i think that theres nothing wrong with the vehicles we have now and making them more advanced doesnt make them a good or better car and Some people think this idea is a good one i disagree and this is why.

Why would you want some man made thing "helping" you or driving your car for you? some people buy cars just so they can be able to drive thereselfs places if not they would take a bus , buses have other people drive other people places. plus, this new idea is a very bad one.. it sounds to me like a death trap like how could you have a mechine drive it self. it doesnt have eyes that can see whats going on in the road? i do not believe in a couputer to aporate my car for me. how would you feel safe if your not the one in control the whole time. i wouldnt want to ride or drive in a car that im not the one in control its different want its an actual person verse a computer.

What if you get into an accident with another car who's fault is it? yours or the cars or the computer aporating the car and if it hits another vehicle that is driving itself whos fault is it? it could be many different situations. another reason why i do not agree with this "driverless cars" is that they are paying money for this driver less cars when it still needs a driver but only sometimes.. you have to wait til its your turn or something? Dr. Werner Huber says "We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way." the way cars are made now are fine, why would people want to change it up? Making cars more advanced might seem like a good idea but its not. they said " something not available to drivers trying to text with a cell phone" or even when people want to talk on the phone we already have a safe way of doing it. some cars already have where you can contected your phone to your car with bluetooth. That way people can talk and drive while still staying safe and looking at the road the whole time.

lastley i want to talk about is after they make this driverless vehicles are they going to do away with other vehicles? how many people are going to actual want a computer driving there car for them. I think people are wasting there time and money on something that seems to be just a danger to any and all people and not even just people everything around. paragraph 10 states " automakers are continuing their work on the assumtion that the problems ahead will be solved." i hope all this time and money they are spending is worth it all. they are going to be not only be getting money from people who do decide to actually invest in this idea but they are just going to lose buisness.

in concludtion, what do you think about driverless vehicles? should they keep going on with this amazing idea they think they might have or should they just stop what they are doing and quit wasting time on this when they can be making something else more useful. I think they should stop now because its just going to led to more problems and more injured people.                     