Yes, i am agree with this, because some student would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Sometime the students missing classes in the end of the year. Also, sometime is cause that they are sick ,and can't attend to the school for any problem. This classes online or video conferencing would help the student to pass the class and save the year from home.

First, the students missing a lot classes in the end of the year. They need a opportunities to pass the classes, because when we are in the 12 grade sometime we need two o more extra classes for our graduation. Also we missing classes in the end of the year, because we feel tired to go school and work everyday. Sometimes we missing classes for the reason that we come late to this country, so we need more classes for the graduation. I think that in my country we don't have this opportunities to save our year from home, because we don't have this technology.

Second, if the students have a problem at home or they are sick. If they can't come to the school. I think that students are working, because they need to pay the rent and help their families. Also, when they move to a new high school, and your consul talk to you that you need to pay for two classes; if you wanna graduate this year. I think is hard to listen this year wasn't your graduation this year, because in your old high school don't take all classes. For this reason, we need the classes online at home and video conferencing.

Third, the video conferencing and online classes is wonderful for many students. This is a medium where the student can save the year, and your grades don't go down. Then this benefit a lot students that want overcome in your studies. Also, we can't fail with our class. Today, in actually we have this method for student that really try to take more classes.

The end, the classes online and video conferencing is a biggest benefit, that we have in the high school. The student need help in each grade, because they want to getting the number of classes that are requirement for your graduation or for your college. If we want to learning more about a subject; we can getting a class online or a video conferencing. However, this medium benefit the people outside too.  