Schools offer a wide range of extracurricular activities for their students. From drama club, to art club, to dance team, there are so many possibilities that schools provide. The principal has decided that every student is required to participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I agree with the principal's decision because extracurricular activities give students the opportunity to make new friends, relieve stress from school, and discover new interests.

Students may have difficulties making friends, but when they are required to be in a club, they must express their thoughts to sprout inventive ideas. By being in an activity, they are able to meet students that have common interests. Students can share their knowledge and work to build their group. The activities allow them to socialize with their peers by cooperating with each other. Students will work together to create projects and join competitions, leading them to strengthen their bond and have an enjoyable time. They end up having a blast and creating friends they wouldn't have, if not for the extracurricular activity. It also helps students get their mind off stress from school and be calm.

Clubs and teams create chances for students to relax from school. They can focus on the task at hand and not be apprehensive about the homework or projects they may have. Students can rest and enjoy the time they have in the club. There are also extracurricular activities that provide tutoring, which can help improve students' grades drastically. Students get to interact with their peers and make new memories. There is a set amount of time students have for a certain club, so they have a specific block in their day they can use to relax and not be anxious about school. Students are also encouraged to spend time with their friends. It gives them a period of time to hangout with friends they don't see often or new friends they made. Extracurricular activities can also open new interests to activities students would have merely glanced at.

Extracurricular activities provide students with vast teams, clubs, and activities. Students tend to look at an activity, think it seems fun, and then move on with their day. When they are required to choose at least one activity, they can explore the club they thought would be entertaining. For instance, they can try out for the basketball team, and if it doesn't work out, they can move on to the next club they thought would be exciting. This gives students opportunities to discover new hobbies. If a student is already skilled at a subject or sport, they can join a club to work on their skills and excel. They are taught new methods and are able to see varying perspectives from other peers. This new way of thinking leads students to make noticeable improvements, and they expand their knowledge on the subject or sport.

There are numerous activities the school provides for students to make their school experience memorable. Activities are beneficial and allow students to meet new people, relax from school, and open their mind to new interests and perspectives. The prinicipal's decision for students to participate in at least one extracurricular activity is a superb decision that will lead students to have a great school year.                              