It is a great choice to have multiple people opinions when asking for advice. Having multiple opinions on something that you're not sure about is good because there could be a good and bad side to the situation that someone is holding back from you. For example; I vented to my friend, Generic_Name,and asked her for advice on my love life or just my problems in general, and all she really said was

"aww its gonna be okay", "don't stress about it, you'll find someone better."

, but when i vented to my friend, Generic_Name, she told me a lot of the stuff i'm going/been through,she has also. So she had plenty to say and she was very supportive and caring and i knew i could reflect off what she responded when i vented to her because she has been in the situation before. Now I always vent to her because I know she'll listen and help me; i can always trust her not to say anything to anyone about what I vent to her about.

From that example you can tell that they both had different points of view. One of them was completely all ears and could relate to me and the other one was just semi-supportive. It's always great to have different points of view because, you'll have those friends that asks are you okay when you're feeling down just so that they can know you're business; they don't really want to help you.

Then on the other hand you'll have those friends that checks up on you everyday

, and make sure that you're okay and if you aren't, they try their best to cheer you up, help you with the situation and are there for you no matter what. Those are the friends that you can trust.

When you want to decide on doing something like, let's say jumping off a bridge. You really want to do it because it seem fun but at the same time you could get seriously injured. So you ask one friend would it be an good idea and that friend tells you

"yea man, do it, it'll be fun!"

Then you ask another friend and that friend tells you that you shouldn't do it because multiple people have died from jumping off an bridge. After hearing that, you decide that you don't want to jump off the bridge because that's basically committing suicide. If you didn't have that other person opinion you probably would've jumped off the bridge and that would've been the end for you.

Now having multiple people opinions could sometimes be bad. So you're procrastinating about if you should do your homework or not. You want to get the grade but you don't feel like doing the homework. You ask multiple people in your class if they did the homework and they all say no. Then you're like okay at least i won't be the only one that didn't do it and maybe since no one did it then the teacher will push the date back or just forget about it. Then you get to school the next day and your teacher says that the homework counted as a quiz grade. Now you're sad and wishing that you did the homework.

As you can see having a second or third opinion when asking for advice is good. It will never be bad if you use your common sense while taking in the advice. Having that second voice can prevent you from doing something that you'll regret for the rest of your life. It can also help you to be a better person and grow with yourself. Sometimes a second voice is all you need to be successful. Whether that second voice is a voice in your head, a friend, or even a family member. Sometimes talking to family about your situations is hard because they wouldn't understand it like someone your age will. Just make sure that second voice is someone you can trust, someone that wants you to do good, someone that wants to see the good in you, and someone that wants to help you be successful.