Kids should be kids and not be forced to do an extracurricular activity. In my opinion kids should not be forced to do an extracurricular activity. Because most kids have homework after school and if they are forced to do an extracurricular activity they have to stay up all night doing homework, therefore they are tired the next day. Plus some kids might not be interested in the extracurricular activityÃ‚Â´s their school offers so kids are told to do something they are not interested in which can lower their self esteem. Some kids are the last stop of their bus and dont have time to do an extracurricular activity and get their homework done so they have late work or are always tired at school which can make their grades drop from AÃ‚Â´s and BÃ‚Â´s to DÃ‚Â´s and FÃ‚Â´s.

Kids should be able to chose if they want to do an extracurricular activity or not. Because the families of the students at your school might not want school to be hard for their kid plus some times tradition can get in the way as well. If a student is already stressed out from normal classes they may get to stressed in school leading to them taking others lives or claiming their own life or other bad bad things which is a bad look for your school. Making you and your teachers lose trust and even money. These students and this parents are the only thing standing between teachers and principles from getting fired or losing money.

We come to school almost every day to learn at school and do work at school not to waste time or to do work at home or an extracurricular activity but to become the future of this state, country, and world. We are not slaves we dont come or chose to do stuff like an extracurricular activity because we know we are better stronger and smarter than what some teachers principles and any one else that have a job at a school think I think we dont need it. We are the future and I think more schools need to treat us like we are. I think students should partly have a chose of what they want to learn or have done to the school. Some kids dont siting around at school all day they want to explore and learn first handed but by forcing kids to do an extracurricular activity can take time away from doing that after school. Kids will less likely remember notes or worksheets they did in school and will most likely remember something real they seen or felt.

Some students want to have time at home to do sports or play games or talk to family but an extracurricular activity can take time away from doing that. So in conclusion I do not think we need to be forced to do an extracurricular activity. Because its not fair if we have to but cant on dont want to do it. We dont need to learn more in school we need to learn more out side of school. I think that an extracurricular activity is some thing the student should divide if they want to do it or not. 