I believe this would benefit students around the world, students would be able to attend classes from any school no matter where students live, this would help students who live far way from school and can't get a ride to school. Attending classes online from home would make it more comfortable for students.

Distance learning is good thing for students that want to study in school around the world or get the best education, students can be at home taking some classes that their country does not offer. Let's say a student lives in France and the student takes classes from United States, that's a good benefit, because you are learning education from another country in a different way that your country teaches you. This will be good for students who live in different country temporarily and are coming back to their countries.

The schools that offer distance learning are making life easier for some students who can't get education of they have to walk for hours to go to school. I remember watching a video about girl's life where she explains how far she has to walk though the mountains for 4 hours just to get to school. There are students who can't get education, because of the places they live, like places that are cold or far way from the city. This a good benefit in the United States since there's is a virus called corona virus in some states people are already effect with it, schools are closing cause of that students will be talking classes at home.

In school some students feel uncomfortable of working with their teachers or classmates, that makes students to stop working or lose interest on their work, but when they are home school students feel more comfortable, because they are at their house with their family, they feel more safe at their house and they can trust their family. In schools one of the main reasons why students feel uncomfortable of going to class is because some students get bully by their classmates, others get peer pressure to try to do things they don't like or be something they are not, making students not to be themselves. There was this famous video of a kid who was crying and told his mom that he wanted a knife to kill himself, he was just 7 years old, the reason why he wanted to kill himself is because many people at his school make fun him for being small, the students at his school were bullying him so much that he had to be home school and get therapist to help him get better and be comfortable.

At the end being able to attend classes at home depends if the students like it not everyone would think this is a good benefit for students others would think that is bad for students to take classes at home, because students will not get the chance to be social with other, this will make students not be able to work or talk with others outside in person, because they spent so much time at their houses taking classes by themselves. I have friend who used to be home school, now he goes to a high school and because he was home school, he doesn't talk that much in school, he doesn't have that many friends, it takes a while to get to know him. Taking classes from home is only good benefit if you want to take classes from another school, can't go to school because of where you live or it takes too long to walk to school, and if you don't feel comfortable in school, those are the main reasons students would taking classes from home. 