Say there is a big test coming up that affects your entire future and you want to know the best way to prepare for it. Your sister tells you to not do anything about it, saying you will pass anyway, your mother tells you to study the entire night before with little sleep so you have it all crammed in your mind, and your father says to study, get good sleep, eat a healthy breakfast, and believe in yourself. You take your fathers advice and ace the test. But if you didn't get multiple people to give you advice, you would be stuck with your sisters, which really isn't the best guidance ever. I believe seeking multiple opinions on the matter you would like advice on is important because you can hear from other experiences, you can hear from wiser people, and you can compare and find an in-between if you don't like any of the advice you received.

First off, if you ask multiple people for advice, you will receive some from people with different experiences. If you ask for advice on how to fly a plane, asking a pilot with experience would result in a better answer than someone that has never even gone to the airport. The same thing goes for passions and hobbies. They will have enough experience to help you get quality advice. So asking multiple people for advice to get someone with experience is important.

Another point I'd like to make is that some people may be wiser or more well-educated than others. It may come off as rude, but its a good point. Asking a toddler for a good book to read would have a much different outcome than asking your grandfather. This kind of ties in with my "experience" point as well, as younger or less wise people may also have less experience. Asking multiple people for advice to get an educated person is also important.

Lastly, what if you do not like any of the advice you received? Well, with multiple points to work off of, you can find a compromise for yourself. This also works if you like all of the advice you've gotten. If you don't like any or if you want it all, you can compare all of the advice you've been told and do the best thing for you. So yes, getting multiple views can help by getting ideas to work off of.

In conclusion, seeking and receiving multiple opinions and advice can be, and is, very important. It is important to find someone with experience. It is important to find someone with wisdom. It is very important to compare answers you've gotten to see which one you like best, or create your own depending on what you like from the advice. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. 