Phones and Driving

Having a cellphone when driving is dangerous. Dangerous for you and the people around you. Most people lives are taken each and every day by a simple act called "Careless Driving". The act of texting and has come across from this new generation.

Statistics show that this behavior is common and dangerous for teen drivers. 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers talking on the phone and at least 341000 involved text messaging.

Texting while driving is worse than talking while driving. Talking while driving isn't as bad because your focused on the road but at the same time, you're trying to listen to someone else's conversation, and you try to get over and you think your focused and you're not then boom a car crash. Texting while driving as to be the worst thing ever and causes more effects and injuries. Texting while driving you have look down at your phone instead of it being in front of you the boom when you rise back up to see the road, you're on the other side of or about to hit a car.

Statistics show that 37,461 lives were lost on U.S roads in 2016 an increase of 5.6% from 2015 until 2017. Also, in 2015, there were 3,477 people killed and an estimated additional 391,000 injured in crashes involving distracted drivers. So, it seems that texting while driving is way dangerous then talking while driving its many proving facts you get kilt faster while texting and driving.

They have cars today that can stop people from having cellphones in their hand. Bluetooth is more optional and more used in high classed cars for more protection, but still can cause accidents. There our laws today that can send you to jail containing the driving and texting which is if you don't have a car that has Bluetooth or a stand for your phone then you're not able to use it and your will get a ticket.

To conclude this please don't text and drive if it's not meant to do. You can save a lot of lives mostly yours. More lives are saved every day because its less wreck less drivers and more safety.               