Generic_Name is given a summer project by her teacher and is annoyed over having to do work over the summer, but once she actually starts the project she realizes it helps her remember material and comes to school feeling more prepared. A teacher gives students a project to do over the summer knowing exactly what the students need in order to continue learning and become prepared for the coming school year. Although receiving work to do over the summer for students may be bothersome, teachers understand the requirements students should meet in order to learn efficiently throughout the summer so that they will not forget important material. Teachers should be designing the summer projects rather than students themselves because they understand what material is needed to learn, they have a broader outlook on what all students can do, and they will provide a more challenging project.

Although a student may argue that students should be the ones designing the summer projects because as a student, students will know what will be good for other students. Being the same age group may help in developing a project that will help other students learn over the summer but consequently that is not the case. Students are all different when it comes to learning techniques and when coming up with a project, it may either be difficult or too easy for other classmates. Work provided by students will vary in results and become unreliable. Teachers know what is needed to learn and therefore give students a summer projects that will be efficient enough to help students during the summer.

In order to be prepared for the coming school year, students will need know what material is necessary to remember. Teachers know exactly what material be taught and need to make sure students do not forget basic information. When coming up with a project for students a English teacher will know which basic information is needed to remember, such as knowing basic vocabulary terms to distinguish while reading, Students will easily forget terms and struggle when coming back to school and needing to restudy these basic terms, it also takes away more time for teachers to teach. Teachers are the ones teaching the material and understand the necessities students are gonna need to remember for the upcoming year.

With that, to make sure students actually do learn, it is necessary that students are given a project that will be helpful for the majority. Teachers have the broader outlook on what exactly the majority of students should be learning and will help students learn over the summer that way they will feel more prepared for the coming school year. Teachers will ensure that by looking through test averages, seeing where students did worst and best at and reflect that on the summer project. By looking through what students did best and worst at teacher will provide a helpful project for the summer to make sure students learn in the summer. Students will have the lower hand in this situation because of lack of knowledge towards what other classmates did well and bad on.

Summer projects will only help students learn if the project actually requires students to think and work efficiently. Teachers will be sure students are given a project they cannot just wing and do quickly. Teachers could give essays or book reports that way students will actually be more hands on and not lack off doing the summer projects. Giving students a more challenging or thinking based summer project will not only prevent laziness but will make the students feel more productive with their summer. The boost of productivity will give more confidence to the students as in something that could be too easy to quickly finish. Teachers understand that more thinking based work or more work will help students learn more efficiently and be more productive. Giving them a simple project or a project that involves little work will only increase the chances of students lacking off and therefore result in nothing being learned.

In conclusion, summer projects are given to students so that they continue to learn in the summer and become more prepared for the coming school year. Whether or not these summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed, it is easier to say they should be teacher-designed. Teachers understand the material and the students and therefore will provide a more efficient summer project. When being able to understand what is required for a summer project, teachers will have the better understanding on ensuring the project will be efficient for students to learn. 