Driverless cars, something everyone should look into right? Well I say no to that statement. I am clearly against the use of driverless cars. People, might often say," but we are becoming more advanced, why are you so against that?". I am not against us becoming a more advanced civilization, but I just think that the cars are worthless and not a good idea, and here is why.

Driverless cars, require you, the driver to still be alert, even though there is a computer driving it. This is because the comuter cannot travel through obstacles such as tough terrains, or bad roads that call for a," human's experience. So if the car is driven by a computer, that should actually make it able to handle any situation right? No, but yest people still want to produce it.

This is also a bad idea, because, think of the money that will have to be spent on creating all of these automobiles. This project could cost billions and billions of dollars just to equip the technology within the vehicle itself, let alone the cost to actually make the cars. The technology might not be an issue at all for many people around the world, but the money is deffinately an issue, the taxes and monthly revenues might go up even higher, just to fund the project to make these cars.

Finally, cars should not be driver less, because,they cost way too much money, which it states in the article that," radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars". If this is true, then think about all of the money that will be paid in the future, due to the many of advancements in technology. The cars still call for a driver's touch, so the thing is that these cars are not fully able to drive without someone, and it is just a waste of time and money, to make something that still has to require that a human opperate and control it. Also, if an accident occures, then who is to blame, shuley not the manufacture, they weren't in the car, but wait their technology was. If an accident happens, then this could cause problems between people and the manufactures because the technolgy was the on in control of the car, but yet the person was in the car fully capable of driving it at the time, so exactly who is to blame for the incident.

Here is why cars should not be driverless, because they cost way too much money. They also need you to be alert at all times just in case there is an obstacle in the road. And finally, they could cause problems between manufactuers and people, because if an accident happens, then who is to blame for it. Simple cars, should not be driverless