If school can offer options to students to finish school at home is great because they want students can learn and give them more opportunities. Students can be more benefit if they attend to school and they can learn more than to did at home. Also there are many students can't come to school because they have a job and they have to did school at home. Students are not that much of prepare if they did school at home. If students could attend to school it can be great for them to be more able to did more prepared them for the future. Also that can get opportunities if they attend to school and good reviews from teachers.

If students attend to school there are more ways to learn. Also students can be more able to ask more question to teachers. If they did classes from home that are not able to ask a lot of question and they can't met friend who can be a big help for them. If you attend to school also teachers can prepared you more and they talk to you if you did wrong in classes. All teachers in school i believe that they can see your capacity or level that you are and at home they just give you work and they didn't know anything about the student. The teacher at school can see the way that you better learn and they can work with the student to don't fell classes because the know you better if you go to school. Home school is a great idea for people that can't come to school.

In the world are students that can't attend to a school because they have a job or others problems to go to school. In the world is not only one single reason to don't attend to school. Many of the students that can't attend to school in the United States of America is because they work and this work can't give opportunity to attend to school. Sometimes they don't attend to school because is hard to work and wake up in the mornings to go to school. They also many times prefer to do school at home because they maybe have physical problems and they feel better if they did at home. Many students can't come to school but if they did at home this shows that they are planing to graduate even if they don't receive a good chance to learn more.

Students at home are not learning what they can learn in school. They are not very prepared if they did school at home because sometimes teachers give activities with friends and students can learn from that activities or presentations of projects that the whole class did it. School also you can practice more if you are learning and at home you can't practice what you learn. If you are learning English and you did school at home if they speak other language that is not English you can't practice it. If you did school at home there are also many distractions that you can't concentrate and if you are not concentrated in what your working on you are not going to understand what you are doing. If you are in a classroom teachers make sure that you are concentrated in your own work and they also make sure that you are doing right that why students who attend to schools can be more prepared than students who did school at home.

In conclusion if you have time and the opportunity to attend to school you should do it because you will learn and get more opportunities. If you can't attend to a school and you are doing school at home you must concentrated in your work and don't get distracted. Also if you are receiving school at home you must find some one who you can work with to practice. The opportunity that many school offer is a great idea. School wants to students can complete their dreams even if they can't assist to a school. But the schools are giving opportunities to finish at home and must students should appreciate that because school is thinking about the future of the society. In fact school programs are working for people who really want to have opportunities and make their dreams true.