Making Decisions

When making a decision or asking for advice, you may ask for help. But, when you do, how many people do you ask? If I go shopping at the mall, and don't know what outfit i'm going to wear for tomorrow, I would most likely ask 2 or 3 people. I could've just asked 1, but who does that. While seeking multiple opinions, it can help someone make a better choice because 2 or 3 opinions are better than 1, it's easier than going of 1 opinion, plus it just makes since.

It's like flipping a coin or playing rock, paper, scissors. While flipping a coin I already know that I want it to land on heads, but if it lands on tails, i'm most likely am going to keep flipping that coin. And when playing rock, paper, succors with my friends we always say, "best 2 out o 3 wins". So that is basically saying that 2 or 3 opinions are better than 1.

When you need advice are help making a decision, it's way easier than going off of one opinion. I don't know why, but it just is. I know your probably thinking, "I could just ask 1 person and my problem could just be solved" but, is it, is it really. If you ask 3 people to help you make a decision and 2/3 people tells you to go with that choice, your most likely going to feel more confident in your decision. And you know what they say, "confidence is key".

Lastly, it just makes more since. Who honestly just asks 1 person for their opinion and is just ok ay with it. It's like you're taking a test but you're unsure of the answers to the questions. Then you have to type the answer inside of a box but, I remind you that you're unsure of the answer.

But, another question is multiple choice and you eliminate C and D, that's confirmation that the answer is either A or B. So now it's only 2 out of 4 answer choices left and now you are feeling more positive about selecting your answer.

When asking more than one person for their opinion and they give you the same answer, that's basically confirmation that you should pick that option. But on the other hand if you ask just 1 person for their opinion they might leave you feeling unsure of your self and your decisions.

So in conclusion, that is why I think that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Now after reading this article, when you need a little advice or help making a decision how many people would you ask?

I would not recommend asking only 1 person for advise, but asking multiple people I give 5 stars.