Dear Principal,

I think that making students have at least a b average in their classes is wrong. My reasoning for this statement is that most student have trouble getting at least a c average yet alone a b average. If you were going to do this there would be a lot less people participating in extra curricular activities therefore less money for your school. Most of the kids participating in your extra curricular activities are jocks not geniuses. There would be a lot of people protesting this issue because without sports and other extra curricular activities a lot of the kids would have not made the friends they have today. These activities are not only about the competition its about having fun. The schools are trying to promote a healthier life style but without sports the kids would be less active and therefore there would be an increase in the obesity rates. Sports should be a healthy way to be more active not a way to make students spend hours a night studding. If u were to do this you might as well have no extra curricular activities at all because the wouldn't be enough students participating in them. I think the policy should stay the same not make it harder to have a social life. I personally hate the idea of this because school would be less fun without these activities to participate in. Most kids don't like school to begin with so this policy would just make it worse and make more high school drop outs. These activities are the only way some people are going to get to go to college. In today's tough economy less and less students can afford college so they need the athletic scholarships. You don't want to ruin the students education do you? Exactly your trying to help them not put them down. The educational directors are supposed to promote it not make them not want to even attempt to go to college. Therefore the policy should stay the same because of all the reasons stated in this letter and on behalf of the students so thank you for taking the time out of your busy day to read this letter.      