Seeking multiple opinions when making a difficult choice can be beneficial because the decision maker will see many perspectives, Others may have more experience than the decision maker, and asking more than one person will help to eliminate any false or non-beneficial advice.

When faced with any decision one will always have a specific opinion or view of the topic at hand. For some it is hard to move past their beliefs and see the other side of the story. For example, If a person refuses to see other perspectives, their stubbornness could lead to the wrong decision and a path that that could have been avoided if they had been more open-minded. Talking to multiple people and being open-minded can help one see many different perspectives and can sway them to one side or the other. After seeing all the sides to the story it will be much easier to make that important decision, so when faced with a difficult decision always look to many people to make the right choice.

Another reason why seeking multiple opinions can be beneficial to making the right decision is because other people may have more experience. If one were to only receive advice from a single person the chances of that person having the right experience to give good advice are low. For example , Generic_Name's car needs an oil change. Generic_Name asks all of his friends if they know any good mechanics. One of Generic_Name's friends happened to know the best mechanic in the area. Asking lots of people until he found the best advice from the most experienced person helped Generic_Name make the best choice. This same strategy can be applied to a number of different stuations much more important than an oil change.

Lastly, talking to multiple people can help eliminate non-beneficial advice. Advice that is not beneficial or even harmful to ones decision making process could be given out by accident by a less experienced individual. Just like how some people hove lots of experience some have little. This problem can be avoided by simply talking to more people because non-beneficial advice will stand out in contrast to the more rational and well thought out advice. A strategy that will help to lessen the amount of harmful advice is to seek out advice from people that are known to have more experience. This way the majority of feedback that is received will be very beneficial, making unwanted advice that much more distinguishable.

In conclusion, When searching for advice talk to lots of people and consider their opinions while keeping an open mind. Also, Talk to lots of people to find the individuals that have the most experience and can give the very best advice. once again, Talk to lots of people in order to identify the advice that could lead one to make the wrong decision. Finally, seeking out the opinions of not one person but many will lead to making the right decision in all of the tough situations that life brings.