Why Seeking Multiple Opinions for Advice is Good

When it comes to asking for advice, a lot of people don't know what to do. Some people just don't ask anybody and end up worrying about whether their decision was good or not. While others ask people that they trust with their decision-making and advice taking. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better decision because there are more/different opinions to choose from, they can talk all of their emotions out to that one person, and if there is one opinion that is repeated a lot that person knows that's the answer.

Having more/different opinions to choose from is good for decision making because that person has more options to pick and choose from. For example, if one person went to three different people for advice and they all said completely different things, that one individual could personally choose which one is right for them. If they just got one opinion, that doesn't give them many options to figure out their problem. Different options would be good for the person that wants the advice. They would be good because then that person can get an insight on what other people would do in that situation. After asking all the people for their opinions, this person could then go home and make a pros and cons list of all of the opinions. Asking others how they feel emotionally in that situation is good too for the person seeking the advice.

Talking to a trusted one about their emotions in a situation is good for decision making because the friend can know how this is making them feel. For example, somebody went to their best friend's house and told them about how they got a bad grade on a test. They start to cry and get angry, and their friend comforts them until they are done. Then the friend tells them that they need to ask for a retake, study harder, and do their best next time. If the person that failed their test didn't show their true emotions, or showed that they didn't care, they wouldn't have gotten that type of opinion. Instead, the other friend would've just told them to retake, and probably not say anything too supportive. That's why telling others their emotions is good because they'll just get a lousy opinion instead of something that is truthful. Also, each person is going to have a different opinion/reaction to somebody who is showing their true emotions.

An opinion that is repeated a bunch of times between people is great for decision making because the person asking for advice will know that it's the answer. How they'll know is because if it's repeated more than twice, it means that would be what their friends would do if they were in that person's situation. For example, Generic-Name went to go ask his friends Generic-Name, Generic-Name, and Generic-Name what he should get his teacher for her birthday. Generic-Name said to get her a nice card, Generic-Name said to get her a coffee mug, and Generic-Name said to get her a drinking cup/bottle. Generic-Name should go with Generic-Name and Generic-Name's ideas because they are both pretty similar. Going with the same type of ideas are for the best interest for the problem.

Overall, talking to multiple people about their problem is good for that specific individual. Having different opinions can have the person get a choice as in which one they want to proceed with. Talking to their friends about their emotions will help the person get a better, more truthful response. Finally, something that is repeated a bunch of times is great because it means that it's right and honest. Decision making can be very hard sometimes and asking people for help doesn't make a person feel better about it. But, it can make the situation a lot better if this person has some really good advice from friends and family.