Dear Principal,

So it is widely known on the school that you are planning on changing the school policy so that only students with a grade B average will be able to participate in sports or any other activities. I don't know if you are aware or not, but their is a wide variety of students at our school that have only but a grade C average. It wouldn't be fair to those working hard to maintain a steady grade, even if it is difficult for them, because they want to play a sport or take part in an activity. Changing the school policy would only apply more pressure on students to do better in their academics. Some people would go to the extent and could make it, but school isn't always easy for everyone. For example, let's say a student who enjoys playing football is working hard to maintain his grade C average, even though algebra is difficult for him and the time he doesn't spend on the field practicing, he spends at home with a tutor. Now let's say you do end up changing the school policy, algebra is still going to be difficult, he might even need to spend more time with a tutor, and he's going to have to spend the time he would usually spend on the field, at home with the tutor. Some students might not even be able to meet those requirements, activities wouldn't be as full, there wouldn't be as many people playing sports.

On the other hand, this school policy change could help out students. Since the grade average requirement would be bumped up from a C to a B students are definitely going to have to work harder. This could help out on the school's overall academic scoring. There would be more B grades than C. Since students are willing to work up to a C grade average just to play sports or be involved in an activity, they would probably even work up to a B just for the privilege. Sometimes you may just have to give students something to work for, something to make the struggle worth while, and that prize in this case would be sports and any extracaricular activities. So in the long run, this may help out not just student's grades, but their self confidence in being able to set a goal for themselves, and reaching that goal through hard work and determination. Whatever choice you make, I'm sure our school would benefit from it either way.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME