On be half of students 65% of students are home school for educationally purposes. Young adults learn better alone and in quite learning environment. There are those who say students should not attend class from home, but there incorrect. Although some may disagree, students should attend class from home.

There are a variety of reasons students should attend some from home. There are no distance so you can stay focus and on track. Playing around with classmate can make you not pay attention in class. students being on there cell phone can make them fail cause they will not hear instructions. Students can move at there own paste. Don't have to rush to get work turned in so you will not be behind in class. Students dont have to stress about class work. Therefore time management can help you be successful. Set a schedule to do work so you will no not be lazy and not finish your work. Students can take breaks to help the brain work better.

However, There are reasons why students should attend class from home. Staying out of trouble and not causing any problems around you. Students can get in fights and get suspended and it will not help your grade if you home not doing any work or learning. Students talking back to there teachers getting them in trouble causing teacher to lose respect and not help you if your failing. However, students work better in depended. Students Don't have to worry about there peers doing there part of the work. Students do not have to help there classmate and just focus on there self and there work without being bothered. Furthermore, some students are antisocial. Student don't like to talk and make friends. Students have a hard time making friends because there not someone who standout.

Student should attend class from home because better learning environment and less problems. Although some may disagree, students should attend class from home. There are those who say students should attend class from home.

Ul timately, students should be home schooled becuase they can foucs better and work from a work then having alot of papers and losing them all. 