Phones and Driving

Have you ever wondered about the dangers of operating a phone while driving? Should people be able to use a phone while driving a car? Will there be a future of using phone while driving? There is a great percentage of drivers that use their phones while driving a car. With many opportunities to use a phone while stopped at a red light or stuck in traffic, phones have been a danger to many people. Not being able to use a phone while driving a car is true because of distractions and car crashes.

Using a phone while driving a car is very dangerous. Most car crashes are caused by drivers scrolling through social media, taking pictures, looking at navigation, or searching for music (Evans Moore). Edgar Snyder & Associates states that "There are about 1.6 million car crashes a year just because the driver is using their phone." Those car crashes that occurred are all because of drivers attempting to use their phones. Our smartphones are a great resource to have and use but are a major risk to our lives if used at a wrong time and place. Phones should be used before starting the car and used after getting to the desired destination. Drivers should not be able to use a phone while operating a car because they are a distraction and causes many car crashes.

In my personal opinion I don't think people should be able to use a cellphone while operating a car. There are many people lives at stake because of reckless drivers. "According to the report, cell phones caused 26 percent of car accidents in the U.S. in 2014. Text messaging causes 5 percent of crashes (Bey & Associates)". Using the phone makes the driver's main focus go from driving to what is on the screen. The reckless drivers cause car accidents and that can cause major injuries. Some of those injuries can cause permanent damage while others are small injuries.

I am pretty positive that there would be a future of using phones and driving. Even though there are many laws that say using a phone while operating a car isn't allowed people still do it on a daily. There are many states that have already banned the usage of phones while driving. "18 states, D.C., Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands prohibit all drivers from using hand-held cell phones while driving. All are primary enforcement laws-an officer may cite a driver for using a hand-held cell phone without any other traffic offense taking place (GHSA)." There are always those who use their phone while driving, but they should be punished for their recklessness.

There would always be a danger to driving and using a phone. The drivers that look at their phones now are already a danger. With the next generation starting to drive there would be an even bigger percentage of accidents. Those who choose to use the phone while driving should suffer the consequences.

"GHSA." Home, www. ghsa. org/state-laws/issues/Distracted-Driving.

"How Many Car Accidents Are Caused by Cell Phones?" Bey & Associates, 12 Apr. 2018, www. beyandassociates. com/2018/04/how-many-car-accidents-are-caused-by-cell-phones/.

"Evans Moore, LLC." Evans Moore, LLC, www. evansmoorelaw. com/practice-areas/car-accidents/distracted-driving-accidents/dangers-of-using-your-cellphone-while-driving/.

"GHSA." Home, www. ghsa. org/state-laws/issues/Distracted-Driving.                        