Today, most students attend public and private schools; however, there are a small amount of students who attend online school at home. Online school is often used for those with large commitments such as, sports and the arts. Sometimes parents enroll their children into online school just because they want to. However, students would not benefit from attending classes from home because it limits their social skills, influences procrastination, and the opportunity to cheat on assignments.

When classes are being taken online, students are isolated from others making it harder for them to practice their social skills. This does not benefit them in any type of way; especially, if the student doesn't do any activities outside of the house. Social skills are important in the real world because they help people find jobs and survive in society. In order to receive a job, a person has to talk to the interviewer and if they're nervous, then they don't receive the job. Without social skills students are not benefiting from taking online classes.

Not only will students lack social skills, but they will begin to procrastinate. Students are more likely to procrastinate at home because they have unlimited access to their phones and video games. Today, some students who attend public and private schools already procrastinate enough when they are at home, and with the luxury of being at home all the time, this will easily take into effect. Due to the fact that these students are always home, they will continuously procrastinate because they have the ability to cheat using the internet. With this in their mind, they will create this continuous cycle of procrasination and cheating.

Leading into the next point, online school is not beneficial because it makes students believe that they can cheat. Since students who are taking online school are already using technology, it makes it easier to cheat. They have easy access to search engines such as, Google and Bing; making it easy to search up answers for their assignments. Students also have the ability to communicate with others taking the same class as them, and allowing them to exchange answers. When students cheat it does not benefit them in one way or another.

Some may say that parents set up restrictions against their students, but most parents are busy with work or running errands.

Attending online class is not beneficial to students. This is because it makes them to be socially awkward , which will lead to giving up job; procrastinating and play video games all day; and cheating on every assignment they and not learn anything. if you think about attending online classes, think about how much your work ethic may be.