Do aliens really exist and are they capable of doing something like this? I don't think they could but if they were capable of doing something like this. We will need some proof to stand with this. There is 3 reasons why this is just a natural landform. They can just be like any landform on earth, a face like this can happen anywhere else, and if you believe in aliens are they really capable of doing something like this?

The first reason why this is just a natural landform is because it can also happen on earth. For example, this can happen upon natural sources. Such eratation and it can just be a mesa. Another example is, "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough round Cydonia"(2). If this is common than most likely it wouldn't be made by any alien. My last example for this is, most landforms have ways it can look. The landforms can happen anywhere and that wouldnt mean it was caused by an alien. If something like this happened on earth most people would think it was caused by natural thigs like the weather.

My second reason is that things can happen anywhere. For example, another planet my have this but that doesnt mean an alien went and left it there so we could find it. If an alien did this we would be able to find something almost the same as this face. Another example is, "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars"(5). This can be true but if it was an alien wouldnt they do a face they new or reconized. Lastly, in the passage it states that "There was no alien monument after all". The picture clearly showed a landform not an alien made monument. In conclusion, things like this can happen in different forms but nobody has proven it was made by an alien.

My last reason for why this is not an alien made monument is because there is no proof that aliens made it. For example, have aliens been proven to exist. No proof was every made that aliens exist in the planet mars. Secondly, how could they build such a thing. if aliens built it than there must be a great amount of them that we did not know about. Lastly, if aliens aready built a Face on Mars why can't they do the same thing on Earth. there is no explanation of they wouldn't be able to do this. In order for the aliens to make something like this that would mean they are capable of this and more but they still haven't been proven to exist.

In conclusion, the face could have been made by something other than aliens. The three reasons explaining why it couldn't have been aliens is it could have been done by nature, it can happen somewhere else, and are aliens capable of this. This can prove that aliens didnt build it, that it could have been made by different things.