Have you ever had a tough decision to make, or problem to solve, and had no idea what to do? In this position, people often seek advice from others. When asking for advice, someone should seek multiple opinions because people have different points of view, unique strengths and talents, and have been through different experiences.

Someone should ask more than one person when seeking for advice because everyone has different points of view. If someone asks more than one person, they will be provided with many different points of view. With many different points of view provided, they will be able to see how other's view the subject compared to how they view it. Additionally, if someone is provided with many points of view, then they can decide which point of view will help them best overcome this challenge or decision. If they hadn't talked to more than one person, they might not have found the best way to solve their problem. Lastly, confronting many people when in need of advice and hearing many different points of view will help them have a more open mind. With a more open mind to ideas and solutions, they will better be able to make the right decision or solve their problem the best way that they can. When in need of advice, it is good for someone to go to many people to be provided with several unique points of view because they will help them see what the better choice would be, but that is not the only good thing that can come from asking multiple people for advice.

Another good thing that comes from seeking advice from more than one person is that different people have different strengths and talents. One person may be good at comforting others. They will be able to help someone feel better about their problem or decision. Another person someone asks for help may be good at helping them brainstorm solutions. By helping them brainstorm solutions, they will be able to pick the best way to handle the situation. Another person may be good at seeing other people's views. They will be able to see the person's point of view and see how their decision will affect others. Seeking advice from several people will benefit them because everyone has different strengths and talents they can share, which will help someone make a better choice, and there is one more good thing that comes from asking for advice from more than one person.

Lastly, one more good thing that comes from seeking advice from multiple people instead of just one person can help someone because everyone has been through different experiences. Someone they ask for advice might have been through something quite similar. Having been through something similar, they can help someone make a good decision. Another person may have been through something much more difficult. They will be able to help the person with a problem see that their problem is not as bad as it could be, and that they will be able to get through it. Lastly, they might be able to learn something new. Since everyone has different experiences, someone will be able to learn something from other's experiences that might help them with their decision or problem. Seeking advice from many people will benefit someone by learning about other's experiences and helping them make the best decision.

When in need of advice, someone should always seek help from multiple people. Asking for advice from several people can help them make a better decision because everyone has different points of view, everyone has unique strengths and talents, and everyone has been through different experiences. Next time you're in need of advice, talk to more than one person!        