Dear Mrs. Principal

Cell phones are not necessary although they are being depended upon too much in today's society. I believe students should not be able to use their phones during the school day. I think you should stay with policy 2 because cell phones cause fighting, not everybody owns a cell phone, and these devices are distracting.

When you wanted to tell your best friend a secret, didn't it annoy you when you had to wait until nobody is around? Well now with cell phones people can just text the secret to their friend so nobody gets hurt right? Wrong. Most people realize when their friends are talking behind their back. If they find out you said something horrible about them they'll probably be as mad as bull that was just let out of his cage. Now your best friend won't talk to you or even be around you long enough to explain what really happened. If she finds out what you sent and it was either something you were told as a confidant or something bad about her then it may even get physical resulting in one or both of you being suspended. All of this could have been avoided if you never sent that text message during lunch.

It's hard to believe but not everybody can afford a phone payment. When a poor student sees everybody on their cell phone it makes them feel left out. Studies show, 67% of fighting is caused by jealousy. Nobody likes being made fun of because they don't have the latest "in" clothes and definitely nobody likes being teased of for their lack of a phone. Even if you have a phone it may feel disintegrating when people have the brand new iPhone 4 and you're stuck with your moms ten year old flip phone.

Although the rule is no cell phones during class, students still text and look at their phones while their teacher is teaching. Typically, there are students who don't want to be at school and they think since they don't want to be there nobody else does; but they're wrong. Learning is hard when you hear the buzz of someone's cell phone going off every five seconds. When you hear the noise you can't help but wonder who they're texting and what they're talking about which distracts you from the lesson you are trying to learn. Facts prove, when cell phones are not in the classroom the students averages increase dramatically opposed to those who have cell phones ringing all the time.

All in all, I hope you enforce policy 2. Banning cell phones from being used during school will decrease the amount of fights between friends, eliminate pupils from being looked down on for their lack of a cell phone, and help students focus better during school. No one will die if they are unable to text for a couple of hours. Weakening the dependency on cell phones will make this world a better place.