Many people in todays society are having debates on Driverless cars. We all have our opioions on them and I just dont think its a great idea. Lets think about this for a moment, I don't like driving with other people, I like to be in control of the car. Therefore I dont think I would feel very comforable with a computer driving me around.

Anything could happen if these driverless cars actually did make a run for our future. There is a couple positvie things about the driverless cars but I can mention a lot more negatives. Just think about all the problems we already have today with tecnolgy, were just asking for a moment to go wrong with these cars. Not only will we have problems but the price on the driverless cars will be outrageous! What would all the car dealrships do that aren't selling driverless cars?

This idea of driverless cars seems cool and everything, but we have to look at what could happen if something went wrong? If driverless cars did become a thing not only could a couple people could have them everyone would have to have them. I say this because if there are half driverless cars, and have cars that people still drive there will be more wrecks, and problems if we had half and half.

Car delarships are starting to try making cars that drives themselves but in the future they will have to make all their cars they sell driverless. I feel like this invention should just stay on the movies, because my gut is telling me in the future these cars will always have problems. I also believe that the car dealrships are going to make their cars way to exspensive to buy if they have this future, also very costly to fix.

Overall this talk over "driverless cars" is not a very good idea for our future. I don't think I would like my kids growing up not learning how to drive and it just takes the fun away in getting a license. If this actually happened all the laws would have to change, It's gonna take so many steps to do I dont think it's worth putting all this time into something that doesn't need to happen.       