Ever wondered what it's like to be in a club or play on a team? When participating in extracurricular activities, you can experience that. Groups like the student council, yearbook club, and sports teams, are a great way to fill your time after school. I agree with the decision that all students should participate in extracurricular activities because it gives students a way to meet new people, see and try new things, and have an overall good time.

There are a lot more activities then one might think. For example, there's a Harry Potter club, arts and crafts club, and even a homework club, to help you with your homework. One good reason to participate in these activities is that its a way to branch out and try to new things. Joining a sports team can be a great way to make new friends and get exercise. In the future, it looks good on college applications and can also lead to scholarships. After school activities can take up extra time that you may have after school, and most clubs aren't every day, usually once or twice a week.

Another reason to join an extracurricular activity is that you would be benefiting your school. If you were to join the student council, that would not only be a fun way for you to speak your mind, but it would also benefit other students. If you're voted president of your school, your ideas could make it more fun for everyone. Other clubs besides the student council, can add things to your school as well. Things like murals, cool structures, and colorful signs are great things that can be brought to your school.

Lastly, extracurricular activities are a great way learn new things about yourself, and things around you. Groups like the debate team, yearbook committee, and study clubs are a good way to branch out and learn something new. A lot of students don't know about all of the clubs that schools have to offer, so its good to try new activities sometimes. Extracurricular can help with school work, like taking tests and completing projects. They can also help students who struggle with public speaking.

In conclusion, I agree with students participating in extracurricular activities and clubs. I think it can benefit all students who are in these groups and clubs, but also benefit the school as well. It can help with students performance in school and out of school. All in all, I think its a great idea for anyone to participate and I would highly recommend joining one.                                    