Dear Principal,

I believe that, it could be a good thing if you were to change the average to a B average, because for the kids that wan to play sport's would have to get there grades up, in order to play. For some of the kids, sports is there life and that's a big reason why they would try, and do good in school. So if you were to move the average up to B then they would try harder and not slack as much as they do. Also if you were to raise it up then the kids could get into a better college. The kids who have a C average are barley getting by, but only by enough to stay on the team, and to play the sport they wish to.

Kids would raise there grades, and they would try harder in school to stay on the team, or be able to play.

Like example for me, if i was on the high school soccer team, and i had only a C average, and i heard that they were changing it to wear you had to have a B average, and if you didn't have that then you couldn't play, and you might kicked of the team, then i would raise my grades i would try harder, try to get all my work done. I would do whatever i could to get my work done , and to raise my grade so i could keep playing on the soccer team .

If i couldn't play on a team because of my grade's, i would be embarrassed, if did, i wouldn't have any hope, because its like all your hopes are getting crushed. If i was going to get a scholarship to a college, and it was because of my grade's i didn't get in, i would be really mad. So i believe that it would be a good idea to raise the grade average up to B. There G.P.A would go up, there chances of getting into a college, or a better college would go up . Plus the kids would be able to go for sports . The way that i look at it is, if they want it that bad, and if they set there mind to it, they will do it. So if the student really wants to play a sport, but his grades are low he will make an effort to get them up.

That's why i believe that you as the principal should raise the average up to a B. The kids will put more effort into there work so they get the grade's they need and want . In the long run it will be better for them .