The principle's decision of making all of the students participate in extracurricular activities can be a good decision and a bad desicion but it can go either way. A lot of people probably agree with this decision because doing activities that is not sitting in your room on your phone or on other electronics can be fun. Theese activities can be something that you have never done before or something that you actually enjoy doing. I know that some students would try to come up with an excuse to not do activities becasue they dont feel like it or they're lazy. On the other hand, other stuidents do really like doing actvities. For example, most kids do a sport, wheather it is soccer, basketball, lacrosse, or baseball, I have seen kids enjoy doing sports. There are also other activities like participating in a club like yearbook or serving on the student council. Even if you feel like nothing is for you there is always that one thing that you love doing or that one thing that keeps you company.

Like I said this decision can go either way. Doing extracurricular activities can also be a bad thing becasue it can take up time. A lot of students have a busy scheduele that they just dont have time for activities. For example, students could have other things they need to do at home like taking care of younger siblings, having a lot of homework to do, or preparing for a test. It could also be that a lot of students are independent and they just dont feel like working with other people. I remember that when I was younger I didn't like working with other kids, I was very independent. I didn't like when I was forced to do things with other kids. Since some students feel this way it would be a little sad that some kids would have be forced to do something that they dont like to do.

When I was about nine years old my mom put me on a gymnastics team. At first I was angry that my mom signed me up for gymnastics but it wasn't becasue I didn't like gymnastics, it was becasue I didn't want to meet new people. After a week of being there I started to think that maybe it wasn't such a bad idea. Now im so glad that I listened to my mom. I really like participating in sports and other activities. Working with other people is really fun, even if I didn't like the idea at first. At the end of the day, even if there are bad outcomes from this decision, I agree with the principles decision.