Phones and driving

In todays world people have access to phones all over the world. Most of the population own cell phones and use them everyday. That also means that people are using them while operating a vehicle. The use of cell phones while behind the wheel should be prohibited. The use of cellphones while driving causes the driver to become distracted, makes the driver less aware of what is happening on the road which causes slower reaction times and ultimately results in fatal accidents.

When a person is driving and looking at their phone rather than looking at the road seeing what is coming their way they are distracted. Being distracted on the road causes so many accidents. In the article cell phone use while driving statistics and driving and texting fact it states, " in 2018 according to the national highway traffic safety administration, distracted driving was involved in 2,841 motor vehicle crash fatalities." This proves that over two thousand crashes were caused by phone distraction just in 2018. If drivers were to stop using their phones while driving the amount of car crashes and deaths would go down drastically.

There is no positive effect of drivers using their phone while driving. If there is a passenger in the car with you they can take any calls or answer any texts for you. If you're alone in the car you can leave your phone alone and wait until you get to your destination. Some people believe that using their phones while driving for even just one second won't hurt them.

In an article mobile phones and driving safety it says " when drivers talk on the phone the risk of an automobile crash resulting in hospitalization is four times higher than when not talking on the phone." statistically this means that just being on your phone for a couple seconds increasing your chance of being in a fatal crash.

All over the world people use cell phones in their everyday lives and routines. Many people even use them while operating vehicles. Using a cellphone while behind the wheel causes the driver to become less attentive. Being less attentive means they have slower reaction time which causes more accidents. Being on your phone increases your chances of being hospitalized four times than not. This is why you should not be on your phone while driving.   