When you think about school its just a boring place that seems like jail. Its not always like that when you could do extracurricular activities. Sometimes when do activities in school it could make school something that you look forward to doing. You could even do sports and just go to them after school. I think it is always good to do at least one extracurricular activity.

There are a lot of advantages to doing extracurricular activities as well. You can pick what activity you want to do and you like. You dont have to pick one that you dont like because then it wouldnt be fun. When you do an activity for school it will be on your reputation for other schools. If you do a sport then you can stay in shape and get some exercise.

When you choose a extra curricular activity there is a lot to choose from. You could help the school and be a library worker for you school. You could be a student council and help people around your school in your free time. When doing a extracurricular activity you can even work on the yearbook for your schools yearbook. After school you can do sports like swim, basketball, softball, baseball and tennis etc.

Sometimes there are some disadvantages in extracurricular activity but not a lot. Sometimes you have to pay a lot of money for what you want to do. If you pick an activity you already paid for then it would be hard to stop doing. Sometimes maybe you dont like the activity you picked. When doing a sport after school you might not have time to do home work or you just dont have time at all to do an extracurricular activity.

In conclusion I think you should do at least one extra curricular activity. When your in school, on the weekends, or even when you get out of school. When I thought of an extracurricular activity I thought they were boring until I looked into it. There are so many options you could do for an extracurricular activity. You could do classes, sports, be a volunteer, or just be a yearbook worker or a library worker at your school.         