If we start having driverless cars, then there are many pros and cons.

Driving cars that we currently have already have many positive and negatives.

In my opinion, driverless cars seem easier to work with almost like they would be safer because of all the improvements that a regular car doesn't have.

As the article mentions, the driverless cars would "need a whole lot of sensors, on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS receiver and an inertial motion senser.

That being stated the driverless cars have a lot more look out than regular cars do.

Because, the driverless cars have more lookout than regular cars do, they would be more aware of what was going on, where the car was, how close it was to an object and better your safety.

Many cars that aren't driverless have a back sensor for when they are backing up, and will beep if the car gets to close to an object and that alone helps people out a lot so driverless cars that have sensors all around could help people out a ton by making them more aware of their surroundings.

"Driverless Cars Are Coming" states that they would "have a better response than a human driver can do alone."

The car would have a better responce because "furhter improvements in sensors and compter hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more driving tasks on their own."

By the article saying that, driverlss cars would be a huge help out to many people.

You wouldn't have to worry about getting lost or not knowing where to go because the car would know for you.

Also, with driverless cars they allow breaks to stop when needed so if you were in a sitution where you needed to use the breaks you for sure would be able too.

All of the "driverless" cars now arent fully driverless.

"They can steer, accelerate and break themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents."

That being said, the driverless cars that we have now are already smart enough to do their own thing but yet warning us when it comes down to needing human attention.

In driverless cars "the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over whenever required... the car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over by vibrating the seat, flashing lights on the windshield, and other heads up display."

There are many ways to get ahold of a driveer if needed to with th cars already, so hen they remake them into newer and greater cars... the cars should almost be smarter than us.

Would you rather have a car that drives itself?

Or would you want to have all control?

There are many important reasons you could mention for either side, but driverless cars sound a lot more interesting and safe to me.

Either way the car gives alerts when needed, has sensors to monitor angles around it and has better response and conrol than humans.