The Face on Mars is a very mysterious thing, but it's only been caught on camera, clearly, once, but that was in the 1970s. The cameras in 1976 were not very clear, as you see they have a 43 meter span per pixel, which makes the picture a whole lot more blurry. Even though it's been seen all over the world as an unknown landform or an alien artifact, the evidence has been seen through, and the face, is, well, not really a face at all.

The Face on Mars was a very popular symbol for the alien conspirators, because they thought that the picture gave solid proof of aliens clearly doing work on the planet Mars. Yet there's a problem, that picture was taken in the 1970s, and if you remember, the cameras weren't all that great. And there have been multiple other pictures taken of the same landformation, like in 1998, and 2001. Yet the picture doesn't depict an Egyption face staring back at you, but a standard, normal, everyday, Mars mesa. The pictures of the face in 1998 showed clearly that the face wasn't quite a face, with a camera 10 times sharper than the original Viking camera, yet the public wasn't satisfied saying how the camera couldn't spot the face out because it was a cloudy time of the year for Mars. Furthermore 3 years later they took more pictures of the exact place of the original siting of the mysterious and erriy face, but once again the cameras do not lie as it unvieled the same blan rock formation, but the press couldn't argue this time. The cameras' span was 1.56 meters per pixel compared to the Viking's 46 meters per pixel, and the planet of Mars was as clear as the eye could see at that time, but there was no unnatural objects to be seen. Yes, it is hard to prove that the famous mesa isn't man-made, you would have to be on the planet to do that, yet the facts and research is all here and it's time to let go.

In conclusion, the Face on Mars has been very iconic on what it has done to the people, and the world as a whole. It's been analyzed and researched over, over, and over again. And it all comes down to the cold hard facts, which all points to the intriging rock of 1976 of being just a rock formation that was, well, lets just say, for now... misunderstood. 