Driverless cars are known to be the future of transportationl. Some people think that this is a great idea for the future, while others are not in favor of this idea. Some people also believe that these cars will never be truly driverless. I do not agree with the idea of having driverless cars.

If driverless cars can truly be made, then we will not have the fortune to be able to drive a vehicle. The text states, "Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive by themselves by 2020." A lot of teens and adults really enjoy driving and it can be a very fun experience. If people do not have to drive anymore, then there will be no reason to have a drivers license and that is a good way to identify yourself.

There could be problems when one of these cars crashes. We would need to set new rules and regulations for this type of car. The text states, "If technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" This could bring a lot of problems and cases to the courthouse, and could end up in bigger disputes.

These cars will also make us pay a feee constantly as if it was a taxi, since we will not be able to pay for our own cars anymore. The text states, "He envisions a future with a public transportation system where fleets of driverless cars form a public-transport taxi system. We would always have to deal with paying a fee if we wanted to go anywhere.

Some people say that this idea will make a big positive impact to our future. The text states, "The cars he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxi." These cars can bring a lot of positive things to us, but we have to consider that we would constantly have taxi like fees. We would not be able to drive in the future if we have these cars.

Driverless cars can be seen as a good idea, or a bad idea. I believe that we should not have to deal with this because this technology is taking up our licenses. It is also taking our privlage to be able to drve. It would also lead to court cases from wrecking that could end badly, hurting the company or the victim.