A new trend is starting to spread rapidly across America and all over Europe. This new trend is the baning of automobiles. There are many problems that come with the luxury of owning a car. Although it get you from point A to point B in your every day life, it can also be harmful. Some advantages of limiting car use is less pollution, reduced traffic jams, and lastly to come out of a recession.

To begin, pollution is a major factor that harms the earth. One of the main cause of pollution is car use. For example, China is known for the most polluted cities in the world. However, another exampe would be in France, diesel fuel was blamed becasue France has a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a 53 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of western Europe. Becasue of this, they banned the use of automoblies for the day to air out the smog. Limting polluton will allows us citzens to breathe easier and go on with our daily hetic lives. Also limting the use will, "have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviorment, since transpotation is the second largest source of Americas emissions."(source 4). This quote shows how beneifical limiting car use would be.

Futhermore, another main aggravating problem is traffic jams. For example in Bogota, Colombia its program was set to spread to other countries and instead of using automoblies they hiked, biked, skated , or took buses to work. Becasue of this it limits traffic jams and also cleans the air up a bit. It also allows people to walk moe freely on the sidewalks. Their goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. The violators were faced with 25 dollar fines if they did not participate in the program. " public transit was free of charge from friday to monday, acording to the BBC." (source 2). This was a major factor that pushed citzens to choose an alternative option.

Although, it might be reducing car production, many people are slimply not purschaing cars as they did in the past. One main reason is becasue many citzens are going through a recession. "As of april 2013, the number of miles driven per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995." (source 4). This explanation certainly lies in the rescession becasue many Americans now-a-days can not afford new cars and the unemployed werent going to wrok anyways. By limiting car use, many citzens can then not have to always worry about gas money and the "what if", if they get into an accident.

To conclude, There are many advantages in limiting car use. Deomgraphic shifts in the driving population show that the trend countines to drop and the percentage or 16 to 39 year old drivers are more likey to not get or want their license. Most young people dont really care about what their ride looks like. a car is about getting from point A to point B. At this rate, soon the "car culture" will slow down and might clean up our earth a little more.            