In many ways, driving is a great resource.  But with this great resouce, comes flaws.  When cars burn gas made of fossil fuels, it causes many environmental disadvantages.  Limiting the usage of cars could be good for the people who live on this planet (everyone) in many ways.

To start, one reason why limiting the usage of cars would be an advantage for our society is the reduction of smog.  Smog is caused by the smoke and fog of car exaust and it is very harming to the environment as well as to humans.  In Paris, in 2014, driving was banned because of smog.  "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city.  On Monday motorist with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home  or suffer a 22-euro (31 dollar) fine.  The same would apply to odd-numbered plated the following day."  (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog) This quote from the souce shows that because Paris is such a huge and global city, the amount of cars needed to have the city function in the way society has been making it function for the past years has created serious pollution.  This crazy amount of pollution created smog in Paris.  In fact, according to the article, "[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world."  (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog)  This type of pollution is know for causing certain kinds of cancer in people, and is what is thought to be the reason for the O-zone hole above Antartica.  Not to mention it makes the day gloomy and not as bright because of the trapped smoke and pollution.  In Vauban, Germany, the "streets are completely 'car-free'" (Source 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars)

A resident from this suburb said "'When I had a car I was Always tense.  I'm much happier this way.'"  Heidrun Walter says this as an example of how it is less stressful to walk places and hear the sounds of nature rather than feel the responability and worry that comes with driving her children place to place.

Another reason why it is more advantageous to limit the usage of cars is that it makes people be forced to start working on healthy habits (walking, riding bikes) as well as keeps pollution levels down with car pooling and other different means of travel.  "Bogota, Colombia- In a program that's set to spears to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took busses to work during a car free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams" (Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota) This car- free day program in Bogota is a good example of how people choose healthier ways to get around the city.  Skating hiking and biking are all great ways to get around the city to work because they cause the person commuting by these methods to exersise.  Also, if some peopkle so choose to take the bus, they are still helping to make the city, and world, more healthy by reducing the amount of pollution.  There are also trends within the youth of the United States that shows a decrease in wanting to drive.  "Demographic shifts in the driving population suggest that the trend may accelerate.  There has been a large drop in the percentage of 16-39-year-olds getting a license..." (Source 4: The End of Car Culture)  This shows a distinct drop in the number of new aged drivers getting their license.  Most teenagers these days don'r see the big deal in driving as was seen when it was a new phenominon.  "He (Mr. Sivak) and I have similar observations about our children.  Mine (19 and 21) have not bothered to get a driver's license, even though they both live in places where one could come in handy."  This was stated by Elisabeth Rosenthal (Source 4: The End of Car Culture)  Rosenthal isn't the only parent to see a decline in the interest to drive from their kids.  Many people have arguments with their children everyday trying to get them to drive, but there is far less of an interest from teenagers anymore.  Most young people see a car as "just a means of getting from A to B when BART doesnt work." (Source 4: The End of Car Culture) With this disinterest, there could be a large decrease in the pollution given off by cars, and cause a much healthier future for Earth and the people who inhabit it.

In conclusion, by limiting the usage of cars we would be given several advantages.  Of these advantages are a healthier life style, and the reduction of pollution and smog.  Both of these would lead to a happier and healthier Earth for humans, and the future of human kind to exist and live on.    