Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice,

because it can help you see the situation in a different point of view . Also, asking multiple people for advice can help you to not make a biased choice to how you can address the situation. Plus,

everyone has different ideas on how to handle an issue, so the person that needs advice can have more options and so they can also think about the issue with more care.

First, asking different people for advice can help you make a better choice, because by asking someone for their advice you are also asking them for their opinion, so they might put themselves in your shoes, and in the other persons shoes, so they can tell the person that needs help how they think they should handle the situation. To add on, some people don't give the best advice, so by asking multiple people, you are reassuring yourself that, you have choices and you don't have to go with only one persons advice.

Another reason why doing this can help you make a better choice is, because depending who you ask for advice they might be friends with the person you are having a problem with, so their advice may be biased, and it can lead you to make a bad choice and it can make the issue worse, so by asking someone else they can give you advice that seems fair for you and the situation. Also, you might not fully agree with the advice, you may get from someone so then by asking different people for help it can help you to talk it out with someone so he or she can help you understand the situation more to help you make a better choice.

To add on,

everyone has different ideas on how to handle an issue so the person that needs advice can have more options, and so they can also think about the issue more carefully. By doing this you are also assuring yourself that your issue may not be that big of a deal, and also if you don't know how to confront the issue you can think about the advice that was given to you and you can compare and contrast the different ideas so you can have a better choice that is thought of.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because you can see it from a different point of view. Also, so you know your choice won't be biased, and because you can talk it out with someone else and so you know there are many different ways you can address the situation. Plus , by having multiple people give you advice you are also thinking about your problem in a way that doesn't have a lot of emotions in it that can make the problem worse, because you are talking it out with someone else. That is why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.       