Dear Senator,

The electoral college was a perfect way of electing, in the 1900's. Now, we should be allowing the people of the United States decide who they want to be their president. Not only is this inequality, but it is decieving and unfair. I know people say "Life's unfair." and while it is, we should be doing our best to keep our country in line. We are already in a steep pile of debt. Obama has only made this worse. Why was he elected? Mostly because he is part of a minority. Inequality much?

U.S. citizens are being put to shame by every elector in the electoral college. We have the right to vote, for electors. And these electors barely ever follow suit. Not only do they stray from what the people want, they also take away our authority in the government. If we have the right to vote, then let us vote on wether or not to keep the electoral college. I'm pretty sure i'm not the only one who has these thoughts. I understand that I am simply a child and that you have no reason to listen to me, but if not me, listen to the rest of our country.

Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.

(passage 2, paragraph 10) As stated by Bradford Plumer, we do not elect our president. If we did, Al Gore would have been our president in 2000. If all men are equal, then why are you choosing certain people over the U.S. population. It is utterly decieving to take our votes and throw them away, to make us think that our votes matter when they really don't. If this is who you want to choose our president, then don't have us vote.

Although people say that the electoral college takes away the chance of majority, that's how the system works. How do you think the president wins? They like to call it winner-takes-all. That is a nice way to put it. The president is decided by the majority of votes in the electoral college. What puts these electors above me? I am young, but I have a working mind just like my parents. Why do my parents votes get pushed to the side and ignored? The reason is because the U.S. is a lying and unfair country. They tell us that we are the ones who control the government, yet they put our own people above us.

America has been going downhill and that is all that will continue if we dont change something. Getting rid of the electoral college will allow us to prosper. Why listen to a young teenager? Well, I know how it feels to be put on the bottom of the ladder, even if you are the smartest. America knows what is best for us. Not a few people chosen in each state to represent what they themselves want. Let us choose the president once, and if it doesn't work out, then you can continue your way. Just remember, if you never shoot for the moon, you will never reach the stars.    