It would seem to most people that the idea of doing your schooling in the comfort of your own home would be fantastic, but it may not be as easy and productive as it seems. There is some positive aspects to this idea it just seems to be out weighed by the cons of distance learning. There are a lot of possible troubles and inconveniences that could come from this program. For example, distractions, cheating and communication issues could make this distance learning very difficult. If they went through with these distance learning and online classes then, there would be a lot of issues and problems that could be detrimental to the education of the students.

A big issue that comes with distance learning on online classes is distractions. Environment plays a big role in the learning place a healthy learning environment can make a worlds difference. Being in your own home can surround you with distractions and will effect the amount the student participates. Distractions like video games, pets, cell phones, and even food. All of these are monitored in a class room and can be controlled.

Also, cheating could be accessed very easily though online assignments. This is similar to my point on distractions because in school cheating can be monitored so much easier. There are some precautions and restrictions to make it difficult for the students to cheat but through the computer they can not fully put a stop to it. If the students are cheating and there is not anything stopping them they are not gaining any knowledge or benefiting from the course or subject but they will still be receiving credits for the class. Some schools implement web browser blocks so you can not research any information during an assignment and require you to have a web cam so they can watch you but there are to many faults in these systems that the online class gets taken advantage of.

Lastly, communication would be made extremely difficult through online learning. The teacher and student interaction would be poor. This would have a negative effect on the students progress and success in the class. People learn in so many different ways and rates that one teacher or a non responsive program would not be able to effectively teach a large class. Students would be left confused and unprepared if they did not understand a certain part of a lesson. The teacher would not be available to go in detail and a program could not provide more helpful information. The lack of interaction that you have in person or in a classroom would have a negative effect of the knowledge absorbed and the performance.

However, in some cases the distance learning from the home can be beneficial. For example, people in remote locations who cannot access public schooling could use this and people who struggle with anxiety could enroll and get an education through this program. This would be beneficial for people in situations like these listed.

Although, there are few cases where the online classes could trump classroom learning there is still too many cons out weighing the benefits from the program.

To be more specific, the distance learning and online schooling programs have too many flaws to be heavily depended on especially as your main source of education. Eventually, this could be a very successful thing for students all over, but until there is some refining it is not beneficial to the students. It is not worth it to be able to do your school from home if you are not getting the most out of it.         