On that faithful June afternoon, the school bell rings for its last time in three months. Students rush out of their classes and greet the summer with open arms. Of course, once school opens up again in August, many of these students have forgotten what they learned the previous year. Many schools assign projects to complete over the summer in order to keep their students' minds sharp; however, there are debates as to whether the teachers or the students should design the projects. Summer projects should be teacher-designed so students can properly develop the tools that will help them succeed the following year.

Teacher-designed projects will set the rigor of the class so students know what to expect. It is most likely that the teacher that assigns the project will be the one instructing the class. If teachers design the project, they can set the guidelines for the year in their summer assignment so students are not caught off guard. This is especially important for higher level classes such as honors or AP; it is best that all students are aware of the class' expectations so they can develop their skills as necessary for the course. Students can also decide whether or not the class is right for them, whether it be because it is too rigorous, not rigorous enough, or simply because the subject matter does not interest them. This way there is less fuss during the school year as students try to switch their classes.

Teacher-designed projects can allow the students to grow their academic independence. During the school year, teachers are readily available in case students need to answer questions. However, during the summer it is not as easy as raising one's hand in class; students are almost entirely on their own. They will have to develop the skills needed to solve a novel problem independently. This ability is referred to by psychologists as fluid intelligence. One's fluid intelligence decreases with age, so it is important for students to strengthen it while they are young. Students may also find useful academic tools that help them to understand the material of the class. One of the more well known of these tools is Khan Academy. Students often go to these websites to understand what they could not in class. Finding these tools during the summer will prove useful, as they can still be used during the school year.

While student input is important, the teachers are more likely to give projects that are closer in rigor and content to the actual class. Teachers have been trained both in teaching that the subject that they teach, so they likely know the best way to prepare students for what lies ahead. This is why summer projects should be designed by teachers rather than students.