Did you know that taking peoples advice can help you a lot. I think that asking more then one person for help is a good thing, because if lets say for example one person says that blue is the best color, another person might say red is the best color. You need to have more then one perspective, because that person can be wrong. It helps to tell more then one person, because if you need help then they all can help you get through it. I had a friend who came to me and asked me for advice about dating, one person said let them do all the talking, but I said you need to talk to them too it cant just be them, their not going to find you interesting and their going to think you are boring. She went with my idea, if she had listened to her then the date wouldn't have gone so well. That is some of the reasons why to talk to other people.

Did you know that people told Ariana to stop singing, but she listened to her friends and sang. It is up to you who you listen to, but just remember that their not always correct. If your parents friends told you Mom to dump your Dad, and she listened then you wouldn't be born. The choices you make now will affect you in the future, whether a not it's what you eat or who you breakup with. You need to hear other people out, I know you don't want to hear this but your best friend is not always right. Your Mom or your Dad isn't always right ether, their just not. We all are humans, we all make mistakes some times, its just how we are. You need to hear other people out, because not everyone is correct.

Did you know that the choices you make now will affect you in the future. If one of your friends told you to jump off a bridge, would you? What if your other friend is saying not to jump off the bridge, who would you listen to? I think you would choose the friend who is saying not to jump off. We all are humans, not all of us are good at telling people good advice. We all have done stupid things in are life, like do things that are friends told us to do, and we know its a stupid idea, yet we do it anyways. Even the smartest people in the world make mistakes. Even the person that says good advice is still wrong sometimes. Choose wisely who you listen to, because they are human to.

Did you know that your teachers have made mistakes? They have trust me, you need to choose who to take advice from. When you are thinking who to listen to, think of what friends they hang around, or what they do in class or how they act at work. If you know that a person has bad friends and usually get in trouble at work, then would you take their advice? I don't think you would, or would you listen to a person who acts nice in work always does what their supposed to. I'm almost 90% positive you would choose the second person. It is nothing personal when someone chooses to listen to another person they just thought that there idea was better in that thing their going through. Just remember who to listen to.

Did you know that every single person has done something stupid, like Einstein. If your still having trouble with choosing who to listen to then see how they act. If your still having trouble then see what there grades are like in school. You could also see how they treat other people, because if your trying to make a choice of what to say to a person, and the person you ask for hep, and the person's mean well see how thats going to go. If the persons mean then don't you think that there answer would be mean to? I think it would be mean, if you are mad at someone and you still want to be friends with them, and you go to a mean person to help you, don't you think their going to say something like oh forget them, or say " Tell them their stupid!" or something. It all depends who you ask. I think you should ask for more then one persons advice because you don't know if they'er right, people have different thoughts of the thing that is going on, and we all make mistakes, we're all human. 