Presidential election is held every after four years on the first Monday of the month November. We decide who's going to be our next leader, the President. Electoral College is kind of unfair for some people because they think that whoever got the most popular vote should be President. But to think, what if the people we vote to is not right to be the next President and she/he got that most popular vote? Wouldn't that be a disaster? I say we should keep the Electoral College.

Electoral College process in consists of the electors that have been selected by the people. The ones who got selected are the ones with great intelligence and with great sense of leadership. In the first passage it mentioned that "The Electoral College has a total of 538 electoras and the majority of electoral votes are required to have 270 electoral votes." This means that for you to be one of the candidates you atleast have to have 270 electoral votes and this is a good way of picking our candidates to run for us for President.

Remember the election between Obama and Romney? It was close but, not that close. Our President, Obama got 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to 51.3 percent of the popular votes for him and Romeny. Almost of every states electoral votes is on a "winner-take-all" basis. For every slight of pulrality in each of the states, it creates a "landslide electoral-vote". This means that a tie would be possible because the number 538 votes is uneven but, it's mostly not to happen and this is because of Electoral College.

Electoral College avoids the problem of which didn't receive a majority of the votes. In passage three it gave an example about how Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had 43 percent only in pluraity of the popular votes and the winning number of the Electoral College is 301 and 370 electoral votes. Because of Electoral College the pressure that happens in electing the next President to lead us for four years is reduced and it also tells us which is the winner of the election.

If we elect our President using popular votes it migh be a disaster. Because not all of the candidates are that great of leading the whole country and If he/she got selected to be our next leader for the next four years our country would be in a huge chaos. I slightly agree with electing that person and making him/her the next President because they got the most popular votes but, then again I don't think it's the right way of picking our new leader.    