During my life i have watched meny presidental elections on my telivision. To me the Electoral College on papper should work, Should being the key word. As I read the paragraphes on both why the Electoral College work and does not work I have decides the side with not haveing the Electoral College.

Historical evidence and evidence from this paragraph piont to not haveing a Electoral College. One reason for this was when Al Gore lost the presedency but won the populure vote nation wide as stated in Source 2. Anouther piont is that if the people have so munch power over who is voted to be presedent then how do we have a presedent that the people did not want the president but the person is still elected, its an outrage! One example of how the Electoral College chould be a distaster waiting to happen is that rthe votes are tied which may seem not likey at forstn glance but say if the votes are tied the presedency is thrown into the House of Representatives which lets face it, in the end the desision will not be approved by the people and the people will then barly have a say on who gets to be presedent or not. Another thing is the Electoral College can also be vary bisest towrdes one party or the other. This is evident because if a certine party got more electors than another party which whould led to a canedat from one party have more support then another.

Source 3 talks about how sure thats its posssable for their to be a tie in the Electoral College but its unlikey supports what im trying the say in my earlyer Paragraph, that even though a tie is unlikey it is still possible to happen the chance is still their. This paragraph also says the everyone is a president but if that is the case then why dose the poeple that "we" vote for the eclectoral College help vote for the presedent insted vote for the other canadate is an atrosidy on its own. The winner-take-all system is one that only afects the swing states because if thoughs states have already voted then the staes the already votes whould be for not because the numbers for who gets voted whould be already in favor of one state or another. The fact the larger states have a bigger say in who gets voted on is not fair. the is becuase if all the big states vote for someone and about 1/4 of the smaller states vote on one end of the scale and the other states vote towrdes the other end of the scale then the ballence whould be off and one side would overpower the other side by fact of shear numbers of votes compared to the other side.

After reading over my responce and the evidence that I have profided form the paragraph hear I have with great pride that i have argued my point across to you that the Electoral College in papper is good but in reality is only a crumbleing castle waiting to fall into the tiny bites and pieces that it should be.                    