Phones & Driving

Using a cell phone while operating a vehicle of any stature is a bad decision and should be illegal worldwide. Not only is using a cell phone while driving irresponsible, it's also dangerous to yourself, as well as others on the road. If one does choose to talk, text, or even try and use their cellular device while driving should be penalized to an extent and given a heavy warning. Though a warning, ticket, or even time served may be all it takes to prevent potentially fatal accidents on the road, these methods don't always work. Therefore we, as citizens, and as drivers, should be careful and wise with our decisions.

Reasons why driving and using your cell phone is so dangerous spans on and on. Firstly, one's not fully capable of providing one hundred percent of their attention to a single task such as driving while using their phone. Due to this, using your phone while driving only widens the window for a potential wreck, whether fatal or not. Studies show that using a cell phone and driving has become one of the top leading causes of car crashes in the past twenty years. Secondly, when one is distracted on the road, they put people in danger without even realizing it. There have been many instances where someone who is using their phone, ends up tailgating the vehicle ahead of them, with that vehicle potentially having an entire family in it. Many fatal crashes have been caused by this very action, injuring or even killing those involved in the wreck simply because someone wants to talk, text, or look at social media. So please, if you're driving, try and restrain from using your cell phone until you are parked in a secure location.

Not only is there a wide range of dangers when using your phone and driving, there's also a long list of punishments that follow close behind. One of the main punishments for driving and using your phone is a fine. These fines can range anywhere from $150 to $500 or more depending on how many offenses you have. With such pricey fines, you'd think one would think twice before using their phone while operating a vehicle, but this isn't always the case. To counter this, those who repeat such actions can have their driver's license suspended for up to 90 days. Washington was the first to ban texting and driving state-wide with 38 other states following soon after. Some fines received in these states range from the minimum of $20 to a maximum of $10,000 and one year in prison. The average fine being around $150 to $375 in a handful of states. Insurance is another issue when it comes to using your phone while driving, with the coverage cost on your vehicle being affected. You see, the more of a risk you are on the road, the more you must pay on your insurance, so please drive safely.

Those who aren't fond of dangerous drivers should know how to avoid them and stay out of harm's way. One smart and helpful way to steer clear of those pesky drivers is to alert authorities. If you can, it's smart to try and obtain enough information about the driver and their vehicle such as a description of the driver or license plate. Calling 911 can be what saves you or someone else on the road from a potential accident. Another good way to prevent potential accidents is to travel when traffic is at its lowest. Driving in the early hours of the day can be a good time to drive, as well as work hours just before the lunch-rush. One would want to limit the amount of traffic on the road as much as possible in order to decrease the possibility of encountering dangerous drivers. Lastly, one simply needs to stay on high alert when driving. It seems like a no-brainer, yet many tend to not follow this basic rule of driving. Pay attention to details such as the speed you and those around you are going. Conditions on the road are also important, such as rain, snow, and ice. Remember that simply paying attention to the smaller details can prevent accidents on the road.

Whether or not you believe using your phone while operating a vehicle is as dangerous as it's portrayed to be, one cannot deny that it is a potential hazard. Many car crashes have occurred whilst using a phone and has become one of the leading causes of accidents on the road. Not only is it dangerous, but it is also illegal in most states and one could also be fined a hefty amount. It's simply a bad idea to text, talk, and overall use your phone while driving. Many tend to put responsible drivers in danger through these acts and fail to realize it until it's too late. Remember to drive responsibly, paying attention to those around you and how you drive. Your phone is not worth a life.       