Society is infatuated by the option of distance learning some schools are now offering to their students. However, online education is not as beneficial as in-school learning. Distance learning does not ensure that the required necessary skills will be provided. Hence, as pleasurable as attending classes from home seems, students will not gain those crucial experiences and the self development that they need.

Moreover, society knows school may not be the most simple time, but it can be the most useful. Vital experiences that tend to be blown off have some of the greatest impacts on people. For an example, group projects teaches students how to communicate efficiently, reciprocate one another opinions, and know how to handle disagreements. They can connect and accept advice from each other which helps them learn how to see different perspectives. Online education, undoubtedly, will not be able to provide these experiences.

In addition, socializing is a necessity in school. From telling the lunch lady what you would like to purchase, to asking a teacher to further explain a problem. This is a time in life people tend to learn how to communicate with people and become more social. Studies show that 82% of home schooled individuals are not as social as students physically in school. However, some may say, students who arent social have a better chance at online learning than attending school. Staying home may feel like the right choice, but in the future it will not be. Depending on their line of work, socializing could be required, a skill they were not able to attain.

To also disagree with distance learning, students will not be able to receive the same personal understanding and knowledge. Teachers are able to educate their students on a personal level, to their own understanding. Growing up I was always always shy to present in front of a class and would always try to find a way out of it. It was never seen as a problem to myself, but my teacher knew it was something I would have to learn how to get comfortable with. In class presentations became a weekly activity just to boost the students confidence. A young boy named Generic_Name could never get to school on time which the teacher knew would effect him negatively in the future. However, he helped Generic_Name through the process to arriving to school on time and he recently received an award for being the most punctual at work. Help is always available in school, but it is hard to tell who needs it through a screen.

Therefore, with distance learning, we are limiting those essential building blocks that can not be received online. Generic_Name, a lyrical genius, once stated," hands on experience is the best experience." Physically being apart of school is the best way to be apart of school. While in school, online or physically, it will consist of drawbacks and uncontrollable complications, but those situations can be much more assuring with other people around to provide advice and more help. While it may be a preference to attend classes from home, it is less benefiting.