In this article about the new technology being used on the painting of Mona Lisa the audience learns about what this new technology is really about. The first sentence of the first paragraph the author states "she's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry." Since the author begins this article with the percentages of Mona Lisa's emotions, we know that this is going to be about reading someones emotions, not only Mona Lisa's.

Further into the article we read about this technology being in computers and recognizing facial expressions. To have a computer be able to even calculate ones expression, the computer must construct a 3-D model of the face electronically. Imagine sitting infront of your own computer while having it read what you're feeling! This advanced technology is more than what we think. The technology actually improves lessons in school, based on an individuals expression.

To have this technology in a classroom, it would be highly beneficial to students and even teachers. The benefits a student would be receiving are improved grades, lesson plans that are interesting, being more focused, and having more benefits with learning than what a teacher could give. Improving grades can be hard and that could very well be because a student is just not able to pay attention to the lesson due to how boring or confusing it may be. In the article the author says "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored...then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." Using this to help determine a better lesson plan for the student is great because it will make them more focused along with being interested in their learning plan. This can lead to the student knowing what they are doing on their homeowork which also leads to better grades.

Some may disagree with the opionion of having this technology used in classrooms. Others may say that no matter the lesson, the student could just simply be tired or un-interested in learning. If a student is either of those, they could very well not have a benefit to this technology. However, it is more likely that a bigger percentage of students woud have a positive outcome while having this advanced technology in the classrooms.

Those who believe that this computer technology is not valued in classrooms could think that the software might not work effectivley. When saying this, I am saying that those people may think that the technology won't really read a students expression correctly. The creators of the software could possibly not have all of this technology figured out 100 percent. Although that could be the case, we should focus on whether the students believe they are being benefitted while using it.

There will always be one opinion or the other. However, reading this article makes me believe that having this technology in classrooms would be highly beneficial to students. Getting good grades is a big part of actually being able to enjoy or understand your lesson. While having better lessons, you will most likely have better grades. Teachers possibly can not benefit the students in the way this new technology could with lesson plans and maybe more. That is why most people should believe that having the expression reading computer technology in classrooms is good for the students in more ways than one. 