Ever wonder how the world would be without cars?  Some advantages would be, cutdown on smog, less traffic jams, and much less car incipients. The world would positively be changed. Paris has already taken action to fight against the crisis of these negative effects on the city.

Parking is one problem about going somewhere like the beach and you cant be close to the beach because someone is already there. VAUBAN, Germany-Residents of his upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms oc commuting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars, according to Elisabeth Rosenthal, source 1, paragraph 1. Therefore, car accidents may happen at a higher chance, due to the overload of cars on the road. Cars are best used for far traveling and can go much faster and carry more of a load when going on a 200 mile trip, I would not want to have a bike.

According to source 2, Robert Duffer, claims in paragraph 1, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. They put a 22-euro or $31 fine on anyone that did not leave their cars at home, according to paragraph 2. During that fine, 4,000 drivers were fined. Reducing car use can make the air or sky clear without smog, Diesel fuel was to blame. Paris has typically more smog than other European capitals, because Diesel makes up 67 percent of vehicles in france.

Remember those time comsuming traffic jams that cause you to be late for just about anyhting? Moreover, limiting car usage can stop all those incidents and can clear up all of the roadways. Bikes, trams, city buses, can change the world of pollution. Delivery companies complained of lost revenue, while exceptions were made for plug-in-cars, hybrids, and cars carrying three or more passengers, according to source 2. The bikes through the city can be more friendly and also give opportunity for getting to know your neighbors in your neighborhood.

Reducing the car use will definetly benefit lots of people. What do you think the world would be like without cars? Would the deletion of cars set us apart from shipping? The people that enjoy traveling, they would have to switch to a hybrid or gas friendly car in order to save the environment and money.    