Teachers should be the ones to designed summer projects because, they are more experienced at giving out projects and homework based assingments then students. A teacher can explain things way better than students can, and will help you out if you got questions. They can hand you out a list of the things that are required to do the summer project, or a rubric paper. Most students would prefer to design the project themselves, but it would not benefit them because it makes it easy on themselves, therefore they aren't learning anything. It would be easy for them and some students wouldn't do it because it's summer time.

I don't like the idea that students should be doing summer work because its our break time. Schools should take in consideration, that students spent a whole year doing loads of work and learning. Nobody wants to be doing work over the summer, so if a student makes a project for the whole school students would be less likely to do it. Student have a better understanding of the work if a teacher did it then another student making the project. Also not every student can agree with another student because some students don't have any creativity, where as if a teacher did everyone can agree.

I don't like the idea of some schools only worrying about us learning, that they decide to give us work during our summer time. Some parents wouldn't like the idea of summer work because, some families travel or go on vacation for the summer. Not every student has the same capability to make a summer project. First some teachers wouldn't be able to understand every kids individual work, where as if a teacher assinged the project she would understand because everyone has the same project. We are all human beings, we all breath the same air, and we all feel the same way about doing work during the summer.

Schools think that we become lazy over the summer and that we forget about what they tough us when we were still in school. Life isn't just about doing school work all the time, we should be able to enjoy it and not have to worry about education all the time. We spend part of our life in school and when we try to have fun, they still want their students to always worry about it. Lastly I don't think teachers want to always be grading projects.

In Conclusion Teachers should be the ones to make the work that way everyone kows what their doing. The teacher can hand out a rubric about what the project is based on. Students would agree to do it more because, someone with experience made it and would be mandatory for them to do it. All and all students don't have enough experience and patients to make a project for everyone. If the project is worth a lot of points then they are also most likely to do it aswell because, it can impact their next year grade.