We have all wondered about what other planets are like, but some of the closest planets to us we have never layed a foot on. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents to a strong extent. The author supports the idea in the fact that Venus may have been very similar to Earth at one point during time, and NASA is trying to come up with a way to make it possible to explore the mysterious planet.

Venus is a planet that is very close to us, but we know almost nothing about due to its extreme conditions. The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" supports the idea of attempting to study Venus because of how close it was to Earth's characteristics. The article states," Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life,just like Earth,"(4). The idea of another planet being alike to ours is very appealing to people, and the author seems to agree that there should be trips made to explore the planet. The article also says," The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters,"(4). The similarities could potentially have a connection to what Earth could possibly be after everything is gone. If so, then scientists need to be able to study this planet with a very open eye.

The planet Venus is very dangerous to anything that attempts to get close to it. The author provides information over what NASA is doing to try and further the studies of Venus. He says," NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions,"(7). The author cares about what they are doing to try to make the pursuit of the planet more safe and attainable. The author also says," Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation,"(8). The author seems very supportive when it comes to broadening our minds, and horizons of the future of pursuiting the planet of Venus.

To end with the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" very well layed out his/her opinions on what the limits should be on the amount of discovery we do. From Earth posssibly being similar to Venus in the future to NASA coming up with ways to explore and take samples from the ground of Venus the author seems very on board with continuing with Venus even though there are many dangers at play.