Could you imagine what it would be like if we limited the usage of cars? We could save money on gas, who doesn't love saving money?! More money in our pockets means buying more items that are useful to us. And muse about how much pollution would decrease! We could all breathe in sublime air,

clean air! Instead of huge car garages and parking lots we could save a lot of room, and use that room to build cheap houses for people in need.

Gas prices are hefty these days. They used to be a whopping 5 cents! Now they are around 2.90$ almost three dollars! Could you even imagine how much money you would save a month? If you pay for 5 gallons of gas everyweek you would be saving around 60$ a month! You could go out, buy extra groceries, have fun with it! I remember back in 2014 gasoline prices waged to 5$ in some counties. Me and my father had to walk to our favorite stores, but it turns out that we very well like the sun beating on our skin, so we usually walk, and we rarely use our car unless we travel far distances.

Pollution will always be a big problem on Earth. We may not have cars, but we still have ships, and guess what? They can cause pollution, too! It would be so much better (and healthier!) if we all could breathe fresh air. If pollution were are main problem, "plug in cars, and hybrids would be an exception", as quoted in

Paris bans driving due to smog.

Whew, I'm sweating thinking about how much excersize you could get if there were a limited usage of our cars! Everyone uses their phones, and sits on the couch all day long. How boring! You could go outside with your friends, walk to the mall, or walk to a store. Most of our daily life would be revolved around if we could move our feet. I walk to and from school, and I enjoy it, although the nasty gasoline smell and strange puff of smoke that comes out of the car -- I do not, and Heidrun Walter is with me. In

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

, Walter states, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way (after she sold her car)."

Being car-free wouldn't be so bad after all! Thanks to technology, we can breathe cleaner air because of hybrids and plug-in cars. Pollution is deadly, I know no one wants to die this way, especially if it can be solved. Car-free? No problems.    