Phones and Driving

Having phones while driving to some is safe, while others believe that it is may be dangerous. It is helpful to have a phone while driving because many people may need it for mapping instructions or directions to get from point A to B. It is also helpful because a lot of people may need their phone to communicate in case of emergencies. However, it may prove to be dangerous to allow teenagers or young adults to have phones while they are driving. This is a controversial topic that has lead to country-wise conversation.

Having phones while driving can be extremely helpful for people who need assistance while they are driving A large number of people need phone in order to use "Google Maps" or other forms of navigation. Especially people who are new to driving may depend heavily on the navigation systems. There are people out in the world who do not fully understand how the highways and other major speedways work. They will be forced to use the navigation systems to help them get to where they need to go. Even though this may pose a risk to people who are distracted easily. They may want to use their phones to do other things. However, people still need to know where they are going. Being able to get where people need to go is better than being stranded or having to pay for "Ubers" or other forms of public transportation.

Phones also may be helpful to those who need their phones for emergencies on the road. No one knows or expects bad things to happen; so, in the event that a bad thing does happen people need to be able to make important phone calls to emergency services. If someone in the car suddenly has a heart attack, are they supposed to just drive faster and hope they make it to the hospital in time? Whoever is driving may need to call the police. Even if something bad does not happen in the car but it happens outside of the car. What if someone drives past a fire or they see a suspicious object on the side of the road; are they supposed to just assume that someone else will see it too? Phones may be dangerous but they are a necessity, whether it is on the road or in a vehicle.

While having phones while driving may be helpful to those who need GPS services, it may also prove to be dangerous to teenagers who are new to driving. Teenagers of this generation have a habit of discovering new forms of technology; especially when it comes to social media. Students of high-school level or maybe even college may fall victim to the effects that driving while having a phone may provide. When a student is driving and using the GPS at the same time, the student may want to check notifications on a topic that they were interested in. Or they may try to text back a friend before they reach a stop light. Even if the student makes the choice to text at a red light, they may end up texting after the light is green while unaware of it. This may lead to a crash, especially if it is on a main road.

Having a phone while driving is a topic that deserves further conversation and discussion. Some argue that phones are a very useful tool, especially if it is being used for GPS purposes. Some also say that phones are useful in case of emergencies. While another group suggests that phones should not be allowed for the simple fact that it is a distraction. This topic is still under discussion and no end is in sight.   