Hey, Today I am going to convince readers that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

I agree that students should participate in at least one extracurricular activity because, they are fun and helpful.

It can be fun by, playing games with your friends and other fun stuff you can think about. It can also be helpful by being a leader, if you want to do sports you can become stronger and more healthier, and the activities you do can also benefit your life in the future, for an example my dad said when he was little he really didnt play sports but when he start liking sports he started to get stronger and so now he gets paid for playing football in the NFL. And to be honest it not all about sports in this reading because other activities like serving in the student council and working on the yearbook can get you to good places academic wise like a good college and a good job.

One time me and my friends was doing art for an activity and a famous painter came and gave the three of us free passes to take drawing lessons with him, all of us was so excited! See look if we would have never did the activity we would have never got those free lessons and now we might become famous painters/drawers.

There are a lot of other activities but my favorite activity is cooking because cooking can take you a lot of places in the world and I love to eat. There are about 93% of people that cook in the

World and thats a lot of people. You can even use cooking for yourself and others. You can use cooking for yourself by cooking for yourself like how are you going to survive without eating and if you cook for yourself than you can save money by not paying for other food. Did you know that you can even get paid for cooking for other people? You can work at a restaurant or you can even own a restaurant. Either way you can make money or save money and money is good.

I hope that you have made a destion on doing an extracurricular activity. I already gave you the options its just now based on your opinion.

TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT REGREAT IT.