Should drivers use cellphones while operating a vehicle?

97% of teens agree that texting while driving is dangerous, yet 43% do it anyway. In my opinion, I am glad Georgia passed the law where you cannot operate your cellphone at all while driving. It will most likely stop wrecks from happening as much and will make the passengers feel safer knowing that the person driving won't be distracted by whatever texts and twitter messages that pop up on your phone.

It is a known fact that while you are operating a cellular device that your mind is focused on whatever your looking at on your phone, and not focused on what is going on around you in the car. Even using hands-free is against the law and the first time you get caught using your phone while in the driver seat results in a $50 fine and one demerit point. They both serve the same purpose when it comes to distracting the driver. Now there are some exceptions such as reporting traffic accidents, medical emergencies, and criminal activity, but you have to have proof if you want your case dropped. These rules might sound crazy but its finally time we took a stand and did something about people using cellphones while in the driver's seat.

Being someone who struggles with anxiety, sitting in the passenger seat while someone is using their phone while driving can be really nerve-wrecking. It's like wow is whatever you have going on in your phone really more important than my life? I don't think so. The passenger should control the driver's music, phone calls, and any other reason they are on their phone, it's really not that hard. It is proven that you cannot focus fully on the road or on other vehicles around you while talking on the phone.

Some studies say that driving while using your phone can be just as dangerous as driving while intoxicated. Which makes sense because your mind is not focused while in these states of mind. Cell phones are amazing devices that are useful in life, but threatens the passenger and other peoples lives. I wish people weren't so inconsiderate and thought about the consequences these actions had on not just them, but everyone around them. It isn't worth it!

Whatever it is on your phone that you're dying to look at, can wait until the car ride is over. No text or phone call can be that important to take your own life or someone else's, and if so let someone else in the car handle it. All in all, I think it was a great idea to ban cell phones while in the driver seat because it is making it safer for everyone on the road and ourselves. It may be frustrating to not be able to look at your phone, just think you're saving a life by doing so.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  