Throughout the article it is made known that Venus is an oustanding yet harsh planet. However Venus is one of Earth's closest neighbors and the planet most like Earth. Scientist believe that at one point Venus could of maintained a form of life, and for some reason still have hope to visit. Astronomers to this day are fascinated by Venus and would soon love to find a way to make a landing on this very earth-like planet. However, why are astronomers so fascinated by this planet?

Venus has many features that are analogous to those on Earth. However Venus has an atmosphere almost ninty-seven percent of carbon dioxide, and on the surface temperatures average over eight hundred degrees. Venus isn't the closest planet to the sun but is still the hottest. Even though some conditions are different Venus still has many conditions similar to Earth.

Throughout the article it is clearly states the similarities and differences between Earth and Venus. In paragragh three the author shows just how a like these two planets can be. "Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking land on its surface." These conditions listed are very similar to those of the conditions on Earth. However Venus may be similar in some forms, the differences between the two planets has prevented Venus from being discovered.

Venus may only ever be discovered through a ship flying over thirty miles above the landscape of the planet due to how harsh the conditions are. "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit," this claim by the author comes to show that even from a distance the conditions of Venus can be felt. Coming any closer to the planet would put those on the journey in a very dangerous situation.

However despite the harsh conditions and nearly impossible ideas, atronomers still attempt on landing something on the floor of Venus. Venus is the closest thing to Earth, and astronomers want to believe that one day it did or one day this planet will hold life.    