hearing about more than one persons opinion on a specific subject can broaden your knowledge on that subject. asking people can also tell you things about that subject. it can also help you with either a project or if you just want to learn about it. doing this can also tell you about strategies. you can also combine multiple strategies together if you want.

however this might also confuse people as the advice could either blend in or sound not good at all. sometimes speaking to only one person is better as you have one plan and can think if it will work or not. not all plans will work as they might only work for a specific thing. also don't always rely on other peoples ideas as they might not be around when you need them. but asking for others advice is a good way to solve something if your having trouble with something.

asking multiple people can be a even better help as you have more plans and have more to go off of than just one. asking more people also means you have more support. doing this like this can help you with a essay, a book, a movie, a game or a speech. you can however just solve the problem by yourself as other peoples advice might not work out for you. you have to remember that going around asking people for advice might not always be the best solution.

some people can't find solutions that easily by themselves so thats why asking others can be a good backup option. it can also be helpful if your doing something you don't know how to do but there are people around you who do. for some people however they don't have this option because of things like them being antisocial or them not being able to talk. others might just not like talking to people they don't know. others however might have this self pride and not want any help.

asking others for advice might also be a bit annoying. you might not find anyone who can give advice. there is also the possibility that everyone has the same advice but it's not good for what your trying to do. even with all of those problems asking for advice is a very good thing to do. so if your finding something hard or frustrating just ask someone for help.