Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class from home by way of online or video conferencing. Some schools already do this for students who have to make up or recover credits. Most schools just call it home school or online classes. Schools only give this option out to those who require it. So No i do support distant learning lets learn why.

Some students would not benefit learning from home because, maybe home has too many distractions, like moms and dad arguing or maybe just a wild household. Most student need full attention to learn. The students need a classroom environment somewhere to write, focus, and learn. Also half students learn not only visuals, but by hands on work and being guided, but since there at home there's no teacher to help or guide them. Hypothetically if this would happen more kids would not show up to school or attend late because, they have to learn from home and they are more likely to procrastinate and not do work.

Then socially wise; students lose a lot of social skills and will probably due too lack communication skills by not talking or being social with other students. Therefore the younger students in elementary won't know what recess is or maybe snack time, there just the basic essentials of a normal elementary childhood that these kids will never know about. The students will also be more isolated they won't go to public and private schools and meet new kids from different areas and just experience new things. Also some students don't even have Internet or a computer to even do school at home. Then some kids have brother and siblings and sometimes they are caress so what if your siblings or your pet break your computer or the internet or power all around just go out.

The schools should think about precautions of that because, what if one of the students gets there stuff taken or they lose it then they will not get there work done. Also students that wanna play sports can't play for the school now because everything is at home now. Therefore every school club or activities they wanted to play or do because they do not go to school. Also if this took places how are teachers really helping the child if they have to attend to the whole class online, that means students are all not getting the right attention and help they need. Also how will they take there end of the year test also from home?, no cause they would probably cheat or get help.

Now if you think about teachers too, they are human so if a teacher doesn't call the students or all of them are not awake at the time then who's gonna teach them, thats right nobody or they will have to attend online class late because of a substitute. Then also if the students need to ask a teacher for help the most they can do is show them from a screen. Most likely classes like p. e and other classes like that won't even be taught any more unless they do jumping jacks etc at home but they will not be in a traditional gym. Then most likely knowing students they have more time on there hands because while kids are at school at a know safe environment but ,there home might not be even a safe environment for learning. Also it just looses the interest of a traditional classroom.

So facts have proven that kids learn better in a classroom than online. Also classroom learning is the best way for students to learn and understand. So the benefits from learning from you would not have many of. Most kids would not even have school friends or do school things like a normal student. So this is why i think online learning is not beneficial.