Why are more counties offering online learning? With the increasing access to the internet, some schools are offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. This innovative way of learning brings many benefits for both teachers and students by improving participation, minimizing transportation, and offering simple solutions for problems.

Teaching online helps improve participation rates. Students that are sick will be able to attend the video conferences and complete their work as they will not be able to risk the health of others. Also, when most schools would have closed for bad weather, these online classes can stay up as students are already in the safety of their homes. Problems such as these affect teachers most because they are trying to get certain material accross before major test dates; a solution like this will really help teachers keep their students from falling behind.

Furthermore, Allowing students to work from home cuts time on transportation for both students and teachers. Because online schooling allows for both students and teachers to stay at home, students will be able to sleep in longer, and teachers will not have to take long commutes from their homes that are often far from the schools they work in. This solution will not only give students and staff more time for themselves but will also have positive effects on the environment. The gasses that are produced from busses and cars are very damaging for the environment, but the cut of transportation from online schooling will reduce these green house gasses significantly, and it will help improve our air quality as well as reduce our contribution to global warming; the improvement of our environment will help students feel more confident and hopeful for the world they'll live in.

Lastly, some argue that malfunctions can occur with the technonlogy and that students could have unexpected problems with internet connection, but with the increasing growth of technology, most places offer free wifi, and all Generic_City libraries have computers for the public to use. Problems such as these are expected and have solutions thought out before hand to prevent such issues. Counties, like Generic_City, have school issued computers that have the software and personel to prevent and help with problems like these, so students and teachers can rest assure that their online classes will have little to no problems.

After all the wonderful and problem solving benefits that online schooling can bring to students, from improved learning to reassurring solutions, one must see the need for more of it being implemented. So I implore you to reach out to your counties and parents to start a petition to increase the availibilty of online learning in schools.