What If i told you that instead of haveing the electoral college vote for us we can change the vote to popular vote. The American people and past presidents have all come to one conclusion, that the electoral college should be removed and instead move on to popular vote. Many peole have had this thought but it has never became an actual reality and I personally beleive that the electoral college should nto decide our presidents.

The electoral college is a wide variety of people from different states who gather together and decide who becomes the president of the United States. The electoral college doesn decide who are president is, but they do so in a terrible manner such as they take the popular vote into a miniscule amount of consideration and completely make up the decisions without taking into consideration the american people who perfer popular vote over electoral vote. In 2000 the electoral college had something called the diasaster factor where there was a giant election crisis. As stated in the article " the system allows for much worse" and that the american people should call them selves "lucky". The electoral college is a very risky way in order to elect our president

What people dont realize is that each state gets a certain set of electoral votes and the three major states with the most electoral votes are California,Texas, and Florida. What most presidents do is cater to the states that have the most electoral votes which means all the other states with not as many electoral votes get excluded from giving their opinion as it is taken over by the bigger states. This is also awful because most states might vote for one president but get ruled out because the majority of electoral votes are taken over by the bigger states. Agriculture states such as Idaho might not get apealed as much by presidents and don't get the supplies and support some states deserve. Even presidents such as Nixon, Bob Dole, and Jimmy Carter all belived that the electoral college should be abolished and move on to popular vote.

Another opposing view is that we should keep the electoral college for a couple of reasons to avoid run off elections but with popular vote that would almost never happen as people choose the canidate they perfer as run off election would be very unlikely. Another debate  is that presidents would go after states with bigger populations but no matter what with electoral and mpopular vote presidents are always going to go after states with more people it's a problem we can not avoid.

I personally and storngly beleive that we should abolish the electoral voting system and start using popular vote as it seems like our best chance to ever get the right president but even then we still make mistakes but us as the american people need to learn from our mistakes in order to make the future better for voting and many more things.            