Have you ever heard of FACS? FACS stands for Facial Action Coding System. This type of technology can supposedly read your facial expressions. When I heard of this I wanted to believe but I just couldn't. I didn't think it was valuable enough to consider. I found too many flaws in the system from the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto.

In this article I found many things that I need to point out. The article states "New software has been developed that improves accurracy in perceiving the emotions of others. The reason I include this is because there is a key word that some of us might skip over. The word that they use is improve. But before in the passage they claim it can detect the emotion. Now it is saying it can only improve on what we as humans can do.

What is not right about it either is it only includes major muscles, 44 to be exact. But thats not the point, the point is that it doesn't include many small features in the face. So this system isn't as accurate as it sounds. The small features if they included them would make it more accurate and then they could make the claim that it is 100% accurate.

In paragraph 6 they do have an ok point. The passage states that "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could change the lesson." If this was the case you would still have many students that would get bored for any lesson. Those computers aren't garunteed to teach them the standards that mybe the state requires. We haven't even talked about expenses. This must cost a fortune for a whole school and some schools would be left out of this. They wouldn't be given the same education of many other students around the United States.

So to wrap this up I don't think it is very valuable to have this in a classroom setting. Maybe in the future we might be able to have something like this where everything is changed. With the circumstances right now no way could this work. Too much effort has to go into this and technology is getting out of hand anyway.