Somtimes i wish i could vote, then i could argue in favor of keeping the Electoral college or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the united states. I will pick change to election by popular vote for the president of the US. I would pick that because the Electoral votes are anachronism,  it might choose the wrong person to run in office, and the Electoral votes are not fair.

The first reason why i would pick popular votes over the Electoral vote is because electoral votes are anachronism. anachronism means a person or a thing that seems to belong to the past and not to fit in the present. Source3 of the article 'In defense of the Electoral college" states that "The Electoral college is wildely regarded as an "anachronism",a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be [overruled] by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner.

The soncond reason is that electoral votes might chose the wrong person to run in office. source3 part five of the article "Indefense of the electoral college" states that,"it can be argued that the Electoral college method of selecting the presidedent may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state-Democrats in Texas, for example, or Republicans in California. Knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular vote."

The last reason why is because theElectoral votes are not fair. Source3 part 2 states that "no region...has enough electoral votes to elect a president." also source3 states that "Electoral college method is not demovratic in a modern sense ...it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. And source 2 states that "the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality.

In conclusion the electoral vote is un fair in many many ways. not only it chaets for others it does not let the people chose who to be president. POPULARITY votes are better than Electoral in many ways. and its modern.                                                                                            