Imagine you've gotten into an argument, you don't know what to do or what you should say to the person you had just fought. You're completely stuck. Many people have to deal with these types of situations multiple times throughout their lives. They just don't know what to do. Some people make decisions on their own, and others decide to take advice from others. Some even self reflect on their own opinions and then decide to seek help from others to listen to their opinions on what to do. I believe seeking more than one opinion from others helps make better choices by helping you see many different sides of a situation, you'll know what is the best thing to do more than if you just heard one opinion, and you'll personally feel like you made a better choice.

Taking opinions from multiple people help you hear different sides, therefore helping you make better decisions. If someone just listens to themselves and their opinions they'll only hear one side on things. Deciding to listen to other people helps because you'll hear from multiple different view points, so you then can decide what is right and what is wrong. For example I've been in many different arguments with my family, so I decided to talk to my friends about what I should do. Talking to multiple of my friends, not just one, and hearing what all of them had said helped me decide who was right or wrong and what would be the ethical thing to do in result of that. Therefore, listening to others and their side on what ever had happened helps in making better choices.

Deciding to take advice and listen to the opinions of multiple people helps you know what is the best thing to do when making difficult decisions and choices. Only listening and taking advice from yourself or just one other person may not be the best idea. By taking advice from more than one other person and if multiple people give the same advice, you'll know what the best decision would be. By having the majority of the people say the same thing for you to do, you'd have clarity and be sure that what advice they gave was good advice. For example, imagine that you're being bullied so you decide to tell your friends. Some say to fight back but the majority say to tell an adult, so you know you should tell an adult instead of fighting back because the majority said so.

Choices could be good overall if you feel better about what you decided to do after listening to different view points. Just thinking to yourself that you have made a good decision makes what you decided to do or say in a difficult situation a good decision because you're convincing yourself. If someone decides to talk to multiple different people, they'll know they tried their best in order to make good choices. This is because the multiple amount of people all gave advice, so you had many different choices to go off of. Knowing that the most amount of people you talked to said the same one thing helps you know that it would be a safer bet to go with what the majority said. Overall, knowing that you tried your best helps you feel like you did something good.

Seeking advice and opinions from multiple people helps in making better decisions by knowing what is the best thing to do more than if you just heard your own opinion, personally feeling you made a better choice by taking advice from more than one person, and by helping you see many different points of views. Listening to many different people's advice is extremely helpful when making important decisions and choices. If not done by someone, they'll most likely end up making a poorer decision or choice than what they could have done if they decided to listen to multiple people.