Dear Principle,

changing the policy is a good idea, because many people have c average, and if they play any sports, they might get a lower average than a c. Also they have to focus on their school work first than the sports, and like I said before playing sports might get them failing. Also, if nobody is making a change, on their grades than maybe she could change it but, meanwhile she should keep it to a b average to play any sports or to be in any activity, the students are going to try their best at making good grades to play sports. It is good in many reasons to keep a good average, because then they get their report card or their progress reports and they see that they have a low average, it is going to be because they are focusing to much in their sports or activities. The principle should first see how the students react to the changing, and if it works than, yea keep it, but she can always change it. It doesn't matter if they have a high C, but then need to have a B. Most students would argue about having to study, but i think its for their own good, also the school will change, for example, the school recognized for having a C average ad letting them play sports or do any activities, that could change if the students try hard enough and change the C to a B, then the school will recognized by having a B average on, most of the students.

The reason that its best for students to have good grades, its because also at the end of the year if they don't have a good average, they will not be able to pass the year. Back to the point it will be challenging, but I'm sure the students that love playing sports or being part of school activities, those people will actually try and make those grades, but if for some reason, those people who tried their best, like they went to tutoring, did all their home and school work, and turned it in, then you might want to check in with his/her teachers and see if they want to let them participate, but everyone can make at least a B, not an A but a B, because we all are very smart, some smart as others, but yes I'm sure, it will all work out, but if they keep on complaining, and they don't actually try to do their best, and they slack off, go to sleep in class they you won't see a difference n their grades, then that's their lost, because we want our school to be recognized, with all of out players with a B. one of the reasons why i want the students to have a good average, its because, those who want to succeed will try until they get it right, but if you are the person who doesn't care, then whose fault is that?

So i would like to have that policy. As i told you before, everyone is smart enough to pass their grades, even if, they don't think so.

It wont be so bad, either, to try your best at school, even if you just do it for sports, but i you were the type of person that was failing, then now you can say that you are passing all of your classes, don't think of what other people have to say, just do it for yourself.