Sometimes, ideas alone are like the bottoms of cupcakes. They're boring and definitely not engaging. If someone added icing onto that boring cupcake, it would look more pretty and engaging. Similarly, if someone received an opinion from someone else,

they would gain more knowledge. As more advice is shared among one person form other people, the stronger the person will be. Advice that come from others may be different than our own opinions. Although this is true, sharing several opinions can help benefit people in making the best decision. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice by giving them several different perspectives to view one idea and helping them avoid mistakes others may have made in the past.

Seeking opinions from multiple people can help a person view an idea in several different perspectives. By understanding what others think about an idea, their thoughts may help someone to make a better decision. If a person is stuck with their own opinion, they may always stick to that one thought. This will cause them to never explore the ideas others may have. Everyone has their own opinion and perspective on certain ideas. Additionally, if a person receives multiple opinions from people, those thoughts could help them gain more knowledge and view an idea in several different ways. Learning what others think about something rather than sticking to a persons' own opinion can help a person have a guide to what decision may be best. Understanding multiple perspectives can help a person find the best advice and make the best choice.

Receiving advice from more than one person can benefit someone to make a better choice by helping them avoid mistakes that others may have made in the past. When taking a chance to try something new, many people will ask others for their opinion about their experience. In this case, having multiple people share their opinions will give someone a chance to realize what they should be aware of. In contrast, people that do not seek advice from others may make the same mistakes others may have made before. Thus, if someone learns advice from others, they will be able to avoid mistakes that others have already made. By taking advice from several people, it will help a person understand the challenges people have faced in the past and therefore help them make a better choice.

Asking for advice from different people is something that will help a person grow throughout their lives. Seeking opinions from multiple people can benefit the knowledge of a person. Receiving knowledge from others will help a person view ideas in several different perspectives and help them avoid mistakes that others may have made. By asking others for advice, the different perspectives people may have will help a person determine the choice that will be the most effective. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions from different people is beneficial in developing knowledge and making a better choice. 