Venus has been a challenge to navigate over the years. The author defends the need for exploration well, and in many ways. They explain that in certain conditions, humans could survive there, give a possible solution to the problem, and explain how Venus is closely related to Earth.

First, the author appeals to human nature's need for exploration by explaining how Venus is capable of being inhabited. For example, "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." This shows that the author wanted the reader to know that living on Venus is not far fetched.

Next, the author explains how scientists are working on a solution to explore the harsh conditions that have kept them from properly gaining much knowledge on the planet. They do this by saying, "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions." By telling the reader this, the author gives hope that even though Venus's atmosphere is violent, it is not impossible to explore.

Last, the author gives facts on how Earth and Venus are similar. They describe this by explaining how "it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." They go on to say, "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." With this knowledge, the author implies that there could be more similarities than just terrain.

In conclusion, the author fully backs up their claims as to why exploring Venus is worth the risk, and they do it well. They do this by explaining how humans could survive there, giving a possible solution, and comparing it to Earth.   