Should drivers be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle?

For a while now since the early 2000s cell phones/smartphones has been a technological rise in the use of its kind. People use them daily for things like social media, internet surfing, reading, planning, alarms and more. There are many ways that the handheld "easy to use" technology can help people, but they also can be dangerous to us in many ways if we don't take fully responsibility in them and use them when we need them and when we don't. This leads to the harm of people who think they can be using their phones while they are driving.

Driving can be at times boring but using something to distract you from the focus of your own safety on the road isn't a good choice. They are plenty of reason why using cell phones while driving is bad. The most brutal things can happen while you're looking away just for a second. In my opinion the most brutal things that can happen while you're distracting yourself from driving is you killing yourself or someone else. The worst part about it is that you'll always remember what you've done just by your careless actions.

Most people would say it's not as dangerous or that if you're good at it then you can use your phone while you drive. That's not true at all because driving takes in a lot of focus and concentration in order to be a successful driver. Also, when you ARE driving you really must drive for yourself and everyone else because even though you're paying attention it doesn't mean everyone else is. It takes more than just the push of a pedal and the turn of a wheel. In my opinion while you're driving you should be at your most caution due to the risk and the things that could happen to you and anyone else.

Daily people end up either dead or injured badly due to the simple fact of a device that they should have mot being paying attention to. Since the handheld device has been put out it has caused thousands of deaths each year. In 2014 cell phones caused over 26 percent of the car incidents in the U.S. last year there where 1.5 million car incidents due to cell phones being involvement while driving. And of those incidents 58% of the drivers were teens. The rate of incident is increasing annually making driving even more difficult and complex then it already is.

So, the best thing to do is to just not handle a phone in anyway when you're driving. There are enough incidents already worldwide due to cell phone being a distraction for drivers. If you have an urge to pick up a phone or get texts or calls often while you're driving it'll be safer to just turn your phone off until you're in a safe position where you can handle it without any risk. Driving is something that should be done with seriousness and not to be tempted with. The roads would be safer and people would be safer if they start turning their phones off for a better solution to deaths by car crashes.

Should drivers be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle                                 