Why does this country even have this system? Where someone else basically chooses for you? The Electoral College should change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. This should change because the people have the right to have their opinion go to what is being voted on,not some else choice also because it's like people are voting for something they don't want foresfuly.  The United States is a what we call a democracy meaning the country is lead by the power of the people.

So when two people have an idea to make something better and another person has a different idea they each want to others to hear their ideas. Each person will have their reasons on why they think the way the way they think and the peolpe will have to make a desicion on what the they think is best for their community and their country. The United States is a democracy which means it is lead by the people. It's the people say. So when someone votes they expect their vote count against what they are going for. You making a desicion and someone else who is higher than you changes it makes voting ironic. Why vote? Just make them do the whole election. "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president"(Plumer). So technacally we are not doing the voting we are just what is called "giving options" to those who are actually doing the voting. We the people demand to be heard and want what we want. In

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the sytem are wrong it states that over sixty percent  of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. Point being be should be heard no matter what.

In the United States we are not forced to do anything really. Especially when it comes to choosing. Everybody thinks differently so why should someone else vote for the choice of the people. It's like we are voting for someone we don't want when someone higher that you is voting for you. Each stae has their own number of electoral votes but it shouldn't be that way because it the president your voting for is in a tie and he need those votes the people would know that their votes are helping the person they want to see win. But when the electors choose something else the people cant think that. Sometime the electors refuse to vote for the their party's canidate. which makes the situation even terrible.

Source 2: The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the sytem are wrong paragraph 11 it says "Electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever the please." So why even waste time on telling people to vote if someone else will choose for you sometimes not what you want.

In the end having to count so many votes could be dificult and when counting it could lead to mistakenly counted. But we the people make our own desion for our own good. Just imagine someone asks you what you want to eat and get you something totally different.    