Cars have been a necessity to us for as long as I can remember. Billions of people around the world use cars everyday. Without cars in our lives many people would be lost and not know what to do. Thinking of a world without cars is unreasonable to the people of today, but if they thought of all the good not driving everyday does for the world then it would probably be a different story.

Many places are enforcing people to go without there cars transporting them everyday, which could be a good thing. Heidrun Walter a man in source 1 states, "Seventy percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and fifty-seven percent sold a car to move here." By saying this he is showing how many people like living their lives without all the troubles cars can cause. People of this community dont have to worry about being ran over by cars or being stuck in traffic everyday. David Goldberg, another man in source 1 also states, "All of our development since World War two has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." In saying this he portraying that we need to focus on more important things and stop worrying about cars, which hurt us more in the long run than they do helping us.

Vauban isn't the only place that has enforced the rule of not using cars. Many other places have done so also. Robert Duffer states, "After days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." By saying this the author is explaining how the use of cars have dramatically polluted a city. Just think, if there were no cars, then there would be less pollution to worry about hurting all the city's. It is not hard to ride a bike to the places you need or want to go. Instead of using cars everyday and hurting our enviroment, people should think of how much good they would be doing and money they would be saving by taking another type of transportation than just cars.

Bogota, Colombia has also taken the no car use into affect. They have used many other types of transportion such as hiking, biking, and even skating to there destination. Businessman Carlos Arturo from source 3 says, "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." He and many other citizens of this place agree with saving our enviroment and not using cars. Not using cars is less stressful because your not consistently worring about gas, the car breaking, or getting into an accident with another driver.

Just imagine your life without using a car everday. Not using a car isn't that bad and doesnt hurt you or the people around you as much as it does having one. Using a car everyday puts your life at risk, takes your money, and hurts the enviroment. Life without cars would be simpler and less stressful in our world today.                                    