Dear Principal,

I think community service should be mandatory from all students. they're are many reasons why i think so. first of all community service teaches responsibility. it shows you that there are other things in life that are more important than you. you begin to realize that it is not all about you. you also learn how to plan your day smartly, and you learn how to use your time wisely. you may have community service for an hour let's say. it will help you decide when to do other chores or tasks that you have so that you can make time to go do community service. these skills will help you a lot when you get older because you always have work or something important to do. community service helps you stay organized. most importantly, doing community service helps you realize the problems we have within society. it helps you be considerate because you are helping a lot in community service. if you are picking up litter from somewhere you realize that the environment is in need because it is dirty and this can cause many problems. community service helps you appreciate the other and greater things in life. even if you or another person think community service is boring or it is a waste of time, believe it or no there is still benefit to it. if you think of community service is just another hardship in your life, then still do it. i' m saying this because when you get older you will face a lot of tough situations where sometimes you wish you were not even alive. thinking of community service as a hardship and still doing will toughen you up a bit so that when you get older you can endure those hard times better. now let's say you are doing community service where you are teaching other people something whether it be education or some special skill, this is very beneficial as well. you will learn that it is good to be considerate of others and putting them before you. it will show you that it is good to come to others needs and helping them. it is good to be concerned with others and how they are doing. if you have these habits, when you get older you'll have a lot of friends and a lot of people will like you. And who knows, maybe some people may begin to look up to you and go as far as try to look up to you. also, once you do the actual work or community service, you feel good and proud about yourself afterwards. you feel good that you helped someone or the environment. once my dad told me to go pick up some garbage that was laying around and i did not want to but i did it any way. afterwards i felt kind of good about my self because i helped the environment.