The Face on Mars is not made by aliens. There is no proof whatsoever of any signs of life on Mars, which means no aliens. The face on Mars is just a natural landform that coincidently looks like a human face. Given the shadows and shape, the Face very much looks like it has a human nose mouth, and eyes. Although up close, there is no resemblence of a human face. Therefore, do not let this anyone fool you.

Pictures have been taken by NASA of the Face to prove it is just a natural landform. Pictures taken from 1976 appear blurry, and not clear, so it is easy to believe that aliens created the Face. Although, in 1998, the pictures taken aren't as blurry, and you can see the structure of the landfrom clearly. Lastly, the picture taken in 2001 is clear and visible. You can perfectly see that close up, the Face is just another natural landform on Mars. From far away, it looks like a human face because of the shadows, but up close, it is nothing more than a simple landform.

Furthermore, on 1998, the Mars Global Surveyor went back to looks for the Face again. When they snapped a photo of it, it was indeed "ten times sharper than the photo taken in 1976." This revealed that it was just a natural landform when the photo appeared online. "There was no alien monument after all."

Some people who still believe that the Face was created by aliens say that "alien markings were hidden by haze", but the Face was only hidden because it was winter when the photo was taken. Since it was winter in April 1998, it was also the "cloudy time of year on the Red Planet." Therefore, the camera used had to "peer through wispy clouds to see the Face." This proves that aliens markings are not hidden by haze; it's the time of year where it is cloudy on Mars, making it harder to see the Face.

Plus, when NASA took another picture in 2001, it was taken using the "camera's absolute maximum solution." Based on what I read, "each pixel in the image spans 1.56 meters, compared to the 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo." There simply can't be anything you can miss using the camera's absolute maximum solution. Jim Garvin, cheif scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, even said, "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size. So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground of Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could what they where!"

Finally, NASA's explanation about the Face on Mars is based on credible information and research. People who believe aliens created the Face often get the information inside their head, making up crazy theories that aren't actually true. Furthermore, NASA went on missions to prove that the Face isn't made by aliens. They took high-quality photos that show that it is just a natural landscape. Besides making things up on their own, skeptics probably take information from the internet on websites that other skeptics have made about aliens creating the Face. You can never trust the internet, and the skeptics who made these websites probably put down their own made up facts and theories to get people to join their side.

In conclusion, the Face on Mars is not created by aliens. It is just extraordinarily shaped to look like a human head, with shadows to create the illusion that it has eyes, a nose, and a mouth from far away. Up close, there is not resemblence of a human face at all. Pictures, missions, and years of research have proved it. Plus, there were no signs of aliens, or any life on Mars when they conducted this research. The Face on Mars is just a natural landform.