Being stuck in a sticky situation can sometimes be difficult when you don't have anyone else's advice. Asking for advice from one person may help you in some ways, but if you ask multiple people for advice it could increase your chances on making a better choice. By getting advice from multiple people it could help you make a better decision because you can't always trust one person to make a decision for you, you will get a majority of one answer so it is easier to choose, and people have different opinions so you don't just rely on one.

The first reason seeking multiple opinions helps you make a better choice is trust. When your caught in a situation that isn't going so well, you might go up to one person and ask them what you should do. That person your asking might tell you something that could make that problem even worse. If you ask others for their advice then that shouldn't happen because some people want to help you make a better choice and some might not.

The next reason multiple opinions are better is because you can find out which opinion is spoken more then the other. If the majority of people say the same thing then that's great because you have most likely found your answer! When you find out what the majority said you should stick with it because that opinion isn't just spoken from one person its spoken by many. If you ask one person you are less likely to find an answer.

Lastly, advice from multiple people is better because when you ask someone a question and they say their opinion you only have that persons opinion to rely on. When you ask multiple people you will end up having a handful of opinions to choose from which is amazing because now you can find which opinion is best for you. If you stick with one persons advice it could go downhill and you would never know what other choices you could of had. It is better to hear what others have to say instead of listening to only one person.

The next time you are in a situation and need help, remember to ask multiple people because you can't trust one person to make a decision for you, you can find the majority of one answer, and people have different opinions so you don't have to rely on one. Not only will asking advice from multiple people help you make a better choice in one situation, but it will also help you in the future.    