Dear Principal,

I think that students shouldn't have phones in school. The reason i say this is because they can distract others. Even though there are rules not to use your cell phone during class, some students will disobey the rule. You can use Policy 1, but in school, cell phones shouldn't be used. Not even at lunch; people are dangerous. If you haven't heard on the news recently, but they said that teens that text a lot, have a larger chance of starting to do drugs.

School is to go to learn, not text with or call anyone. During lunch, you can have conversations with people by speaking with them in person. What other school do you think has students allowed to text. If there is a rule that students cannot walk around in the cafeteria of Home Room, you should lift that rule. If you give them the opportunity to use cell phones in school, there is a large chance that students will not obey that rule. They will end up pulling out their cell phones during class.

Students use their phones in class with the rule that they should not bring their cell phones to school. Imagine what would happen if the students got the chance to use their cell phones in school. It is alright to bring them to school with them to stay in communication after school ends, but During School?

There is also going to be a larger chance that you will get many complaints if you use Policy 1. Students will go crying to your office yelling that their cell phone was stolen, or this kid walked up to me and broke my cell phone. Parents will go to the school and disapprove what you have done if you use Policy 1. Most students will get jealous at another person because their phone is better or ore advanced.

Principal you should know that if you use Policy 1, school wouldn't be school anymore.

It will be an enormous chat room. Teachers will not be able to teach. Students might end up doing drugs. It will be compared to an Asylum for the Insane if you decide to use Policy 1. How, you may ask? The student will not be able to control themselves. They will text everywhere. If you decided to use Policy 2, you would have a much controlled school, a much easier life, and wouldn't have to struggle with the fact that a teacher walks into your office and yells "My students doesn't want to learn because he is texting. I hope that you decide to use Policy 2. It would be best for the school.