Too many people during these present days stay on the phone while driving. People should not be able to use cellphones while driving. Over 1.6 million crashes yearly happen according to The National Safety Council. More than 220 million people in the US have a wireless service and just about 80 percent use phones while driving. Did you know you can be charged with multiple charges and a fee of 150 dollars and you lose a point to your driving record.

To me phones should not be used on the roads unless it is for an emergency. I have personally had an experience when my mom was texting and driving which led us almost getting into a car accident. Results from using phones while driving can lead to death, PTSD, depression if you get into a car accident. Using a phone while driving increases the risk of their lives. Also the drivers are more distracted making it hard to focus on the road which is leading to crashing. When stopped at a red light people feel as if it is safe little do they know it is just as risky because a car can come smashing into you and you wouldn't see it. Also you can make people mad because the light could turn green and you could be holding up a line.

For people to use their phone less there was a bluetooth, a hands free thing and air play which all 3 limit the use of the phone where you can just talk. It still is not safe but it is not as bad as using your actual phone. Instead of holding the phone to your ear you just speak, call whoever and you don't have to touch your phone. It is easier to just wait to text or use your phone than to rather take your life. For Iphone users apple company made a do not disturb to mute the notifications, which is when you won't receive any notifications until you turn that mode off. There is also a driving mode you can turn on to send a message to a person who texts or calls you saying that you are driving and they won't see their message until they stop driving and check it.

People shouldn't be able to use their phones while driving because of how many crashes there have been yearly and in the past. If you end up using your phone remember there are different modes like the hands free, bluetooth, or airplay. There are a lot of effects that could leave u dead, with PTSD, depression and many other things. You can use the do not disturb as stated, the driving message mode where it sends a message. The laws should be changed on how phones shouldn't be used and they should make it more serious.   