The author of the article states that Venus is a worthy pursuit. They state that though it may be highly dangerous, it still has value. It's worth the risk. They support this by saying that the planet has some features that are analogous to those on Earth, humans are being considered sent to Venus, and people wanting to take samples of things from the planet to test it.

Venus once may have been the most Earth-like planet in the solar system many years ago, which highly fascinated astronomers. The planet was probably made up of mostly oceans and could have had many forms of life, just like our plant Earth today. To this day, Venus still has some features that are analogous to the ones on this planet. Venus has surfaces of rocks and also has features like valleys, mountains, and craters. The planet can sometimes be the nearest one for a visit. Astronomers could take the planetary visit into consideration, considering the long time frames of space travel.

Though it is highly dangerous to send people to Venus, NASA has been considering sending people to study the planet. Venus has an average temperature of over 800 degrees Farhenheit, but NASA could possibly have a solution. Their solution is having scientists float aboce the fray. It would be like a bimp vehicle hovering about 30 miles above the burning temperatures. Though the humans wouldn't be touching the boiling floors, temperatures would still be at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, which everyone would still consider excruciating. The vehicle would almost resemble a jet airplane. Just like a jet travels at a very high altitude to avoid storms, the bimp would avoid the conditions of the boiling grounds of Venus. The author also stated that their would be almost never-ending solar power, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels, which is great. The conditions that humans would have to go through if they do visit Venus are not easy or great, but it would somehow be survivable for them.

If humans are not able to visit the planet, then things from there cannot be tested on. If the only way humans can interact with the planet is by hovering over it, they cannot successfully take samples of rocks, gas, or anything else. Despite the many risks, scientists are trying to find a way to conduct a successful mission to understand the planet and get up close and personal with it. Many researchers are also working on innovations that would allow machines to last through the conditions of Venus. NASA is working on other ways to study the planet as well. They're considering using a very old technology called mechanical computers. These devices were first seen in the 1800s and played a very important role during World Was ll in the 1940s. These devices make calcutions by using gears and levers and do not require electronics at all. The mechanical computers may or may not successfully operate in the extreme conditions. Modern-day computers tend to be more delicate when it comes to those kinds of conditions, despite the fact that they are enormously powerful, easier to manage and operate, quick, and flexible. It would be like dropping a phone, tablet, or computers into a bucket of acid or any heat that would be capable of melting tin.

In conclusion, the author really thinks that humans should be sent to Venus to explore it. He mentions that the planet has some features that are analogous to the ones on Earth, humans being considered to be sent to it, and how scientists would like to take samples of items from the planet. The author also stated that human curiostiy will one day lead to visiting Venus. Though considering the many risks, Earth should be expanded to meet every point of our imagination and innovation.  