Have you ever thought of taking classes online? Do you think you have good time management and could finish all of your assignments on time? Lastly, do you believe that students who attend online classes at home benefits them? Online classes have become more frequent over the years do due students being home schooled, don't have time during the day to go to school, or because they want to take extra classes; Whatever the reason may be, there are many students who attend online classes but is it benefiting them? I believe that students being able to attend online class won't benefit them because there are more cons than pros to this issue in a student's perspective.

One con is time management; it is a key factor, especially when taking online classes from home. This could be a problem for some students because taking online courses is nothing like taking them at school. The reason why I say that is because that I believe that in school there are teachers that make it their priority to keep students on task and make sure they finish their assignments on time. At home, there may not be someone there to encourage a student to do their school work or even finish it on time. Not having someone to help a student physically can cause the student to slack off. Even giving too many assignments in one day everyday can cause a student to become overwhelmed and not finish their work because of it. Some students have terrible time management skills and if they cannot find the time to put themselves on task, then they can end up failing school which can take a toll on their mental health.

Another reason why I believe online courses do not benefit students is because it can affect their social life. At school students are with each almost everyday, they talk, help each other, and experience all kinds of students with different cultural backgrounds. Meanwhile at home, a student is just on their laptop everyday by themselves. This can cause a student become distant with others, not wanting to leave their house, also not being open minded to other students with differences. It could even cause the student to become uncomfortable around others and become antisocial because they are so use to being by themselves.

Lack of resources in another problem. Some students cannot afford taking online classes; sometimes, students have to pay to take a certain course. They also may not have internet access at home or where ever they may be. Another one would be probably not having a laptop unless a school does provides one. Also, not having a teacher helping you right then and there. Usually, the most common way to communicate a school teacher is through emails. Teachers receive a huge amount of emails daily and some days, they cannot get to everyone and that can become a problem for students, they may become frustrated or stressed. Having lack of resources can make a student slack in school and have no motivation to finish it due to being stressed.

The pros of taking online classes I would say is being at home. A home makes a student comfortable, they don't have to wake up early, and they don't have stay at one place full of people for 6 hours. Another reason can be if a harmful virus spreads in the region the students live. Attending online classes while a crisis is going on in the outside world can be good because they won't become behind in school if they can manage their time wisely. It also benefits their safety and health. My third pro would be if a student needs to support their family or need to support themselves but also want to get their education, they can attend online classes that are flexible.

Even though this issue has its pros and cons. I still stand with my opinion that students that are able to attend online classes is not as beneficial as it should be. A student would need to be very dedicated and have good time management skills. Majority of these cons can affect a student's learning ability, social life, and most importantly, their mental health. For the potential problems of attedning online school, they need to be fixed and need effort from both, the school system and the students.