Summer projects have been a task asked of students since the beginning of school. There is an ongoing debate about whether summer projects should be issued by teachers or if students should be the ones to design the project. Those who oppose this state that students designing the project would make it easier and more fun but this is not the case. Although some may disagree, projects issued out by teachers would be very beneficial.

Summer projects designed by teachers will erase a huge struggle in students summer projects. Since students already know the topic it will be easier to complete. Meaning students will be able to complete the projects in less time with better results. Students have been learning the curriculum the whole year and teachers will base the project off of the same curriculum. Students will also have a clear rubric to follow for the project. This will make it less stressful for students since teachers will include a rubric on what has to be on the project. Since all of the projects will be the same students can work together. This is beneficial so students can complete the task faster and revise with their peers, leading to students having overall better projects and better grades.

In addition, teacher designed projects will help students in the upcoming year. Teachers will be using the same curriculum. This ensures that students are learning things that will benefit them in the future. Instead of just being busy work to ruin their summers. Teacher designed projects will be helpful for the next year as well. Since the student will be doing this project during the summer they will retain the information for the next school year. Teacher created projects will also give students a head start in the class. Since students will already know the basics of what they will be learning. Resulting in less students being behind and more time to focus on learning.

Although some may disagree, projects issued out by teachers would be very beneficial. This is the case due to projects being helpful for the next year, learning the correct curriculum, and giving you a head start in the class. Those who oppose this state students will be more obligated to complete a task they designed and students will have more fun if they created it, but this is not true. Teacher created prompts will be very helpful in aiding students during gruesome summer projects.