If you were to ask 1000 students if they would like to take their classes from home, most would say yes. Students do not like having to get up early in the morning so they can come to school for 6-8 hours a day. They would much rather complete their courses on their own time. Some schools are starting to offer distance learning as an option to their students. This would benefit students to have this as an option because they would be less stressed, learn at their own pace, and have a more flexible schedule.

The first reason is because students would be less stressed. Students often become stressed because they have to get ready, go to school, go throughout the school to different classes, have no time to talk to friends, then come home to homework and assignments they need to finish everyday. Letting students complete classes online would change this, students would also be more comfortable in their own homes. They could complete all their assignments in bed, which means they would not have to move throughout the day, so if they were ever to be sick they would not have to stress over missing school. Students would also be alone when home, unlike a classroom, so when taking a test or quiz they would never feel the need to rush because other students are finishing; They could concentrate on what they are doing without feeling pressured to finish. Students should not be stressed out at such a young age, so schools should implement online classes for all students.

The second reason is because students could learn at their own pace. All people are different, especially when it comes to learning. Some students understand material immediately, others need extra help to understand. While at home the students that get the material could finish without having to listen to a teacher reteach something they already understand. On the other hand, students that do not understand could get extra one on one help from a teacher, and this would not slow down everyone else who understands what is going on. This would be a tremendous help to students who feel like they slow down the class when they ask what is going on and just go on not understanding the topic, but while learning at home students could ask for extra help without feeling like a burden on others trying to move on. Students should be able to get one on one help without feeling like a burden to their peers, so online school should be an available option to any student that wants it.

The third reason is because it allows a more flexible schedule. Students often become overwhelmed while trying to juggle school, extracurricular and social activities, homework, and a job. Online school would allow students to complete work on their own time, so students could work on school at night while working, playing sports, or hanging out with friends. They could do there school work throughout the day when they have the time. This also means students could travel and learn more about other cultures. They could go anywhere because they could take school with them. Allowing students to take school online would be great for students because it gives them time to do the things they want to do.

Some people may say that allowing students to take school online would be a negative thing because it puts too much responsibility on the students and would make it hard to do extracurricular activities. Allowing students to have the option of completing school online would put a lot of responsibility on them, which would help to prepare them for life in the real world. While not having school may seem as if it would make signing up for, practicing, and competing harder, it actually could make it easier. Students could sign up for, look when and where practices and games are, and communicate better with each other all online. The coach could post reminders of games or practices to the students, they could respond if they could not make it, and the coach could easily tell players if anything were to be canceled. Because students would be less stressed, learn at their own pace, and have a flexible schedule they would benefit from having the option of taking online classes. Implementing an online school for students would be great for society. Students would have time to socialize, work, and gather real world experience while in school. Setting them up to be smarter and more innovative, so they can create a better future. 