The principal, of the school, thinks that every student should participate in one or more extracurricular activities.

There are lots of students that would like this very much, and others wont be as thrilled if this is to come.

Some students might not be able to participate in these activities, but will have to do them if they are required by the school, some students might have other sports outside of school, or students parents might want them home after school,and some just might not like what the school has to offer. Students shouldn't have to participate in extracurricular activities.

Most teenagers now, participate in sports or other activities in there everyday life, so it might be a lot harder to manage school, an after school activity, and a sport outside of school. One of my friends has soccer practice everyday after school, so she has to leave school early to get there on time, but if she had to stay after school she would miss soccer practice, or she might level early and miss her after school activity. No matter what she does she will still miss one of them, but if she didn't have to stay after school she wouldn't have to miss practice or get in trouble for not showing up after school.

Parents might want there children home as soon as possible because they might have a younger child at home that isn't old enough to stay home alone or might not be responsible enough, so if they have an older sibling that can take care of them, they will take the opportunity. As an example*, I have a younger sibling at home who gets out of school around 30 minutes before me, and my mom dose not like it when shes home alone so when I come home from school I have to stay home until my mom comes home. Most of my friends have younger siblings, so if we all had to stay after school we would have to let our younger siblings stay home alone and our parents might not like that. Another thing parents might want there children home for is chores, if students stay after school they will have less time at home and wont have have time to complete all of there chores or get their homework done, plus some students may have sports or other activities so they would have even less time.

Then there are the students like me, who dont have any interest in sports or talking in front of random people, students who do this will have to participate in sorts and work on teams and will most likely put little to no effort in what there doing and are only doing it because it is required by the school. Some students may like to play sports and make yearbooks but they might not like the sports the school has to offer or they might not like the people on the team, so again they might put very little effort in to what there doing. Others might just not be good at sports and prefer to read or draw rather then run around, throwing and catching stuff.

If students want to join a club or activity they should feel its because they want to and not because the school is making them do so, students should have freedom over joining extracurricular activities. All in all I believe that it would be better if the principal does not make extracurricular activities required.