Let's face it, summer assignments are the biggest waste of time possible. Even more of a waste than the SOL. Who wants their summer having to be cut into, all because of a bunch of assignments at a teacher's request? That just isn't right, nor how it should be. While summer assignments are a pain, wouldn't they be less painful if the student had input on the assignment, or even designed it themselves? Summer assignments should be student-designed because it allows for more individuality, the ability to learn at one's own pace, and allows the student more time to enjoy the summer, and complete the assignment.

To begin, individuality allows a student to be more creative. Teacher guidelines require students to complete the assignment, but in their way. Which is not only much more difficult and time consuming, but is not enjoyable in any way. Schools are a place that are supposed to promote creativity, with teachers being the most vocal about those practices. But when there are so many guidelines, and a student cannot do a project their way, what is really being promoted? When a student is given even a small bit of control, the student is much more intuitive. This is not only displayed by the demeanor of a student, but the grade as well. Students perform much better when they are feeling well. With individuality, the motivation of a student is greatly improved. With the many activities that go on during the summer, such as jobs, hanging out with friends, etc. Many students lack the motivation to complete schoolwork, especially with deadlines and more work being assigned with time, students lack the will to even want to do work. Creative control can greatly change that, and provide students with a greater motivation to complete their assignments. It's simple, if a student can choose their own assignment, make their own deadline, and have full creative control over the work they put in, students will be much more likely to enjoy and complete their assignment. At the end of the day, a summer assignment is what it is, and no one wants to do it, but if one can enjoy it even in the slightest, there is a greater chance it will be completed with a positive outcome.

In addition, students should be able to learn at their own desired pace. Many teacher-designed summer assignments have specific deadlines and requirements, that not only add stress to the student, but affect the student's overall mental health and performance. Many studies have shown that assigned deadlines drastically increase anxiety in a student, which not only affects mental capabilities, but harm the performance abilities, leading the student to do worse in that assignment. This is important because if a student is not in the correct state of mind, it will be displayed in the school work and be reflected by the low grade that student will receive. Also, mental health should always be valued over school work, and if schoolwork is causing mental health to drop, then action should be taken. Going off that point, working off one's own pace greatly relieves stress. Like stated before, deadlines cause a great deal of anxiety, however anxiety does not stand alone. Adding deadlines and constant assignments adds an abundance of stress. With heavy deadlines, while still trying to meet the given criteria, a student will feel overwhelmed and consumed with schoolwork. That feeling is neither healthy, nor ethical for any student, let alone it being during the summer. No student under any circumstance should be stressed or have any anxiety attack during the summer, all because of schoolwork.

Lastly, student-designed summer assignments allow students to be able to enjoy their summer. Everyone loves the summer, but despises the school year. The summer is meant to be a break period, a time of relaxation, vacation, and so much more. However, not many can shake the thought that always lingers in the back of their mind. Even with all this free time, there's still an entire report that needs to be typed, or book to be read, or whatever the case may be. One could be having the time of their life, but when that thought comes, everything goes down, and suddenly the mood has been changed. With student-designed assignments, this feeling won't be eliminated, but much more tolerable and controlled. A student will be able to enjoy doing the assignment, as they created it, while leaving extra time for other summer activities. This is important because not only is the student much more content, but they also have much better time management. To add, students being able to design assignments allows for free time. Many students have jobs during the summer, and without school being in the summer, hours can vary. Assignments designed by teachers are not friendly, nor beneficial to a student's personal schedule. This is another reason why student-designed assignments are so beneficial. Students could design a schedule that is flexible to their own, which leaves time for school, work, and other summer plans.

Student-designed summer assignments grant students free will and individuality, their own learning pace, and an enjoyable summer. The more individuality a student is granted, the more creativity that is brought to a project. A student being able to learn at their own pace is greatly backed by many studies, and can ease the stress level of the student. Every student deserves a nice summer after a long, grueling school year full of late nights and early mornings. Teacher-designed summer assignments don't grant any of these privileges, but only hinder them. Students should be able to set their own guidelines, while being able to relax, go on trips, play their sports, and so on without a teacher standing in the way. That is the definition of summer break.