The Elector College should be abolished because of it's many flaws that it has.

First and foremost, presidential elction is not about the people. In the article named, "The Indefensible Electoral college:Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong" it talks about how the people don't get to vote for the president. The article says,"Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not fot the president, but for a slate of eletors, who in turn elect the president." This is mostly unfair, the people should get to decide whether whom their president might be not some electoral chosen by the politacl party or precidency campaigns. This law deosnt follow the ways of the constitution even though it was established by the founding fathers. It's very absurd because, the consitution starts with, "We the people" and in this case the people so to speak, dont get to vote for their own president. There is no reason why electorals are the ones who's vote count on  the election because they dont have the minor idea of what the people want. In addition to that, if the people vote for the candidate's electors, how do the people know that the electors are voting for the running candidate they won? Well they simply don't. Stated in Source 2 under "What's wrong with the electoral college" it talks about how electors vote for whom which ever candidate they want. The article says,"Can voters control whom their electors vote for? Not always. Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? sometimes." If the electors are the ones choosing who the next president is going to be, then there is no reason why the people are voting if their votes don't count. The people are not able to decide whom their next president is going to be. Moreover, who are these so called electors? Stated in source 2 under "What's wrong with the electoral college" it talks about whom the electors are. The article says " Back in 1960, segragationistsin the Louisiana legislature nearly succeede in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose Jonh F. Kennedy. In the same vein,"faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for thier party"s candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please..."Basically what they are saying hear is that the electoral are random people who actual vote counts instead of yours'. Does that sound correct to you? Normal people from around your class or any get actual count on their vote, what happened to, "All men are created equal". Congress is letting other people decide for you, nobody else but you knows what your decisons in society are. Not even electors ,A.K.A randon beings. As said before this goes against what our founding fathers would actually want that is why it should be abolished.

Secondly, the Electoral college has caused various problems in previous history before. In source 2 it talks about how congress made an error. The article says" Whaqt is a state sends two staes of electors to congress? It happened in Hawaii in 1960. Luckily, Vice president Richard Nixon, who was presiding over the Senate, Validated only his oppenet's electors, but he made sure to do so..." doesnt that seem a bit fishy to you. He validated the other candidates elector votes, why not his? Congress has been cheating us with this law. It has been controlling and deciding who maybe in power. Furthermore, in the same article it talks about how the electoral college system focuses on a winner take all system. The article says," Because of the winner take all system in each state, candidates do't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states..."you see how on fair this law is? It doesnt even acknowlege small states to vote not even the electors. There is nothing fair about this act and I demned for it to be abolisehd.

In conclusin the electoral college act is ufair and has caused for election to be a hassle. And only that but "We the people" and "All men are created equal" does not count in this law. so yeah, most devinetly it should be abolished.                        