What would the world be like if we could just type in your wanted destination and just go withoug needing a driver, how would the world react for such a thing?

Could the car just think on it's own? How would everything even work on the car?

In my opinion, we shouldn't have driverless cars untill we can get them to be fully driverless without taking away so many taxi jobs, wrecks, and confusion during them wrecks.

I don't think that we should have driverless cars, because taxi companies would loose all their emploies, it would save the company money but, also what about that families? How are they going to get their next meal on the table without a job? Driverless cares would leave people hungry and jobless, then their kids would be taken by DCS and them the ' family ' would be seperated. Meaning driverless cars are bad for the people because it can cause poverty among the people.

Also, driverless cars could cause many wrecks by not having exact measurment of when to stop. And much of the driving laws include a person to be driving. How would the car get it's licentce ? Would it have a liceence? When driving you use your brain a car doesnt have a brain aso it wouldn't work out for them. In other words, you need a person , a driver, still to have a driverless car ; so would it really be considered a driverless car? No.

Then, theres the part when they do get into a wreck, who's fault would it be because there isn't a driver to blame? who do they sue? how wouold insurence be on a driverless care?

The company who manerfaactured the car would be the one to blame because they should have prepared for the situation, also they would be the ones the be sued. It's just a bad idea all together because the company will go bankruped.

So, think again, how would the world be if there was a such thing as driverless cars? would it be good or would it be bad? we already know that its gonna be a bad idea so why am i even asking you ? It's bad because iit takes jobs from hardworking drivers, causes wreacks, and confustion. So, driverless cars for all is a NO GO.