Have you ever got a summer project? Summer projects are boring to do when all you want to do is have fun. Although, teachers can make the projects subject based and more specific. Students should design the summer projects because some students don't have access to internet, the projects will be unique, and the projects will have more effort and participation.

Firstly, some students don't have access to the internet. Most projects involve research. If the students can't do the research how are they going to do the project? Some teachers expect the project to be done but what if it can't be. Teachers need to realize not everyone has internet at home. For example, a student was given a project on King Henry's life. He doesn't have internet at home and the library is too far to walk. The student never did his project and got a really bad grade.

Secondly, the projects will be unique. The ideas that students can come up with are amazing. Kids have an unlimited amount of imagination and creativity, so letting them express that through a graded project can be really fun. For example, if the students were doing a science project. They have so many possibilities on what they can do. They could put Mentos in a diet Coke and write down what happens. If it was a photography project, the students can express themselves through the pictures and edit them however you want. There's so many more ideas tat students can come up with if you let them.

Thirdly, The projects will have more effort and participation. If the students have their own say, or choice, in what they get to do the project on, there would be more projects turned in. Plus, the effort put into the projects would be greater. For example, one class gets to choose their project and another class do not get to choose. The class that got to pick their project has more projects, and more effort put into the projects, then the class that didn't get to choose. Another example is the teachers choose what students do one year for summer projects. Many students do not put in a lot of effort, just enough to get a good grade, and some don't even bother turning it in. The next year, the teachers let the students pick what to do for their projects. Most of the students turn in the projects and a lot of effort was put into them.

In conclusion, students should design the projects instead of the teachers. Some students do not have internet. The projects will be unique. Also, the effort put it and the participation of the projects will be greater. If you have a summer project, convince your teacher to let the class design it. You'll see so many cool projects you might have not thought of.