Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes away from home by way of online or video conferencing. I do not think that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. I feel this way for multiple reasons. Students would get easily distracted by things at home, they wouldn't be getting the full school experience by staying at home, and there would be different ways to learn in a school, which would help them be the best student they can be.

Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would get easily distracted by things. It is far easier to get distracted at home than it is at school. For example, at home, there is so many things a student to do. They could watch television, play video games, eat freely, or use their phone. The problem is no one can keep the student focused but themselves because there is no teacher with them. So if a student gets distracted, they can't work to the best of their ability and it will be difficult to get them back on task. Whereas in school, if a student is distracted, a teacher can get them back to work and focused.

Students also would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would not get the full school experience by staying at home. School is not just for education. The social aspect of school is huge shaping out how students will be in the future. For example, students meet new people at school, whether it be in a class, through athletic teams, clubs, etc. If you are taking classes at home, you lose the chance to meet new people or participate in school sports and clubs. I know for a fact that if I took online classes from home I would miss out on the experience of school and I would regret it later on in life.

Another reason students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home would be that in a school, there is more ways for a teacher to teach, and for a student to learn, helping them become the best student they can be. There is many ways for a student to learn. For example, teachers can make up games as a way for the student to have fun while learning. Another way would be to do activities with a partner or in a group, learning how to work with other people to get the task at hand done. If students are learning at home, none of that is possible. The teachers would either just be telling the students what to write down, or the student would just get notes to copy. Either way, the student would not enjoy that.

Some people might say that offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home would be beneficial, but I do not feel that way. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home for various reasons. Students would get easily distracted by things at home, they would miss out on the full experience of attending an actual school, and in a school there is different ways to learn, helping the students be the best they can be. 