Dear Senator,

On the issue of keeping the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote, I think it is both necessary and unnecessary to keep it the way even if it has been since the founding fathers established it in the Constitution many years ago. The electoral college consists of 538 electors. It only requries 270 of those votes to become the winner of the Electoral College. electorla college is good for the voting process by allowing the qulified people to vote for who they want in office. If we get rid of electoral college then we might not have as many well educated people voting for who gets put in office.

Even if we have the electoral college that dosnt always mean that we will for sure win the election. In 2000 Al Gore won the popular votes but did not win the presidency. There are just a few things that would maybe make the electoral college a little unfair. The state voters do not directly vote for the president, they vote for the electors, who in return vote for the president. State electors are chosen by,sometimes going to state conventions ,the state's party's committee, or even sometimes the presidential canditdates themselves. So with that being said it may be unfair to vote straight for electors and just vote for the president directly. Another thing that would make it unfair because of the "winner takes all" system in every state candidates them selves dont spend time in the states that they are repersenting.

What happens if there is a tie in the voting of the electors? In a case like that it would go to the house of repersentatives. If we do it by popular vote than we would not have to worry about there being a tie. People would be able to vote for who they wanted and that would be settled before it even started. If you think that a tie is not likely well in 1976 a tie would have happened if just a small number of votes, 5,559 would have just voted the other way. So saying that the electorla collage way of doing it has its upsides and its down sides. It is outdated and irrational.    