The desire for mobility has always been a driving force behind human innovation. Though they are a far cry from the boats and wagons of early human history, driverless cars provide a natural progression of the techology humans use to assist in movement. Not only does the creation of driverless cars foster the innovative human spirit, but when in use, driverless cars also increase the ease of driving on the person behind the wheel, as well as helping improve safety on the roads, causing driverless cars to be a positive development in the eternal human quest for freedom of movement.

Driving can be a task that is in turns difficult, as the driver attempts to maneuver through complex traffic patterns or around work zones, and dull, as the driver zooms through long stretches of open highway. Driverless cars aim to assist with both. Although the general manifacutring consensus is that driverless cars are by no means driverless - in most cases they must still have a human driver - the technology in the cars can assist the driver and make driving an easier task (Driverless, 7). In most cases, driverless cars are able to automatically "steer, accelerate, and brake themselves", taking the mundane out of driving (7). However, the driver is still necessary during times where the car is unable to fully process the situation, such as in work zones, and around accidents, still giving the driver a role in the operation of the car (7). Although these situations can be more strenuous, driverless cars, like most newer cars, have other ablilities such as anti-lock brakes and other sensors, which help detect problems with the way the driver is moving the car, and help prevent driver-related catastrophies (5). These improvements not only make driving safer, they put less stress on the driver, as the driver need not worry about making small mistakes and causing major problems when they know the car is watching out for them, leading to a more relaxed driver.

Driveless cars, in improving the traditional driving experience, also improve the safety of driving. Driverless cars have sensors which allow them to monitor when the car and driver may be in danger, and react to situations like "out of control skids or rollovers" (5). These precuations which the car takes allows for a "far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone", causing less accidents in autonomous vehicles versus driver reliant vehicles. Furthermore, driverless cars remove driver impulsivity from the equation. With driverless cars, things such as road rage and traffic voilations would be a thing of the past, preventing many accidents and making for safer roads.

Driverless cars are an imperative in modern society, as they improve the driving experience, as well as improving safety on the roadways. Human society is reliant on constant motion, communication, and contact, and driverless cars help foster these relationships between people, not only by allowing people to move from place to place more quickly, but also by improving psychological health, with decreased stress from driving, and by preventing injuries and deaths due to road accidents. Considering the myriad of beneifts that they offer, the development and use of driverless cars in essential for communities to move forward into the future.