It is the first week of school and the principal has just announced that starting this year every student will be required to participate in an extra curricular activity.

Everyone is groaning and complaining about how they don't have time and clubs are stupid, but this rule is actually a very good idea. It is smart to require students to participate in an after school club or sport because students will probably enjoy the club they choose to participate in. In addition, extracurricular activities are vital to a students' future and motivate them to do better in school.

If students are required to choose an extracurricular activity they will most likely enjoy the club they choose. If students are allowed to pick their activity instead of someone else picking it for them, they will enjoy it more. They will pick something they are interested in and want to spend time doing. With mandatory participation in clubs, students will have more time to hang out at school with their classmates while doing things they all enjoy. This can give them time to socialize when they are not supposed to be focused on class. In addition, some students don't feel safe at home and prefer school to their home situation. Requiring participation in clubs gives these students a safe place to be in the afternoons and mornings.

Extracurricular activities will benefit a students' future in many ways. Many clubs that students can join provide them with useful job skills such as working to a deadline and working with technology. Some of these skills would not be provided in a classroom setting and certain extracurricular activities would provide more in depth experience with these concepts than would be provided in a classroom. Students can also learn how to work with others even if they are working someone they do not usually work with or someone who they do not want to work with. This is something that they will need to learn how to do regardless of the job they choose. These activities also look good on college applications and resumÃƒÂ©s as it shows colleges and employers that someone is well rounded and participated in many activities.

Participating in clubs and sports at school will motivate students to perform better in class as well. Many activities require that their members maintain an acceptable grade average. This can encourage students to bring their grades up so that they don't miss out on their club. Many clubs will teach students to work hard whether they like what they are doing or not. This ability is likely to be used on schoolwork as well.

In addition, students in clubs can help each other with homework and study together. Studying with another person is proven to raise test scores.

Extracurricular activities make kids happy, make their schoolwork better and are vital for their future success. While some might say that requiring participation in these activities limits the amount of time that could be spent on schoolwork the actually commitment would minimally affect the amount of time spent on school work. The commitment for some activities could be as little as 1 or 2 hours a week and students can decide what kind of commitment they want to make. In truth, the benefits of these activities for student far out way the costs. This is a great rule for middle and high schools and if your school does not have a similar rule then go to an administrator and try to make it a rule because it will be extremely helpful to the students at your school.