Kids doing extracurricular activity is becoming less each and every year. How about we fix that. Lets make it to where kids in schools have to do at least one extra activity throughout the year. Making them do an extra activity will teach the many life lessons, and what it is like to do something you don't want to do. Having to do an after school activity would be good for students who don't have a parental role in their life, that after school activity could help them get away from bad thing in their life as well. It would also help the school make more money to support different things because the more people you have on bad, chorus, and sport the more people that will show up to performances or games. The students can also learn how to work with other people. Making students do an extracurricular activity is good because it makes them be more active if they do a sport, it teaches them many life lessons, and will make them better in the classroom.

First lets talk about how it will make them more active if they do a sport. In today's time more kids are obese then ever recorded, it would be a tremendous thing for students to get out there and do a sport. Kid that are over weight just them doing a sport and losing a little weight could save their life, instead of them setting on the couch plying video games they could be outside running around doing something with people that they like to hangout with. It would make them feel more accepted if they did something and found a group of friends that like doing the same thing, or if they have friends hey would get to hangout with them more. Even if you dont do sports and you want to do something else, you can always find a friend group in whatever your doing. Many kids just play video games all the time and never get to experience a true childhood. Doing any extra activity with a group of people will boost your self esteem and confidence, and it will make you feel like you have a group of friends or people to rely on. Having fun isn't just a kid thing it is a life thing that everyone no matter how old you are needs to have fun.

Second doing an after school activity can teach you many life lesson that will help you though the rest of your life. It can teach responsibility and the will to do better every time you do whatever you do, and that you can't stop no matter how much you want to. It can teach you how to work as a team with other people. If your're on a football team you all have to wok together to make the play go right. It can also teach you dedication to never quit anything because once yo quit once everything else becomes easier to quit, and you never want to be a quitter you will not become successful if you have that mindset. Being able to overcome and achieve whatever you want is how you will be successful. Another life lesson it will teach is doing something you don't want to, there will be a time in everyone's life where they don't want to something whether it is school, work, or even as simple as taking the trash out. You have to be able to concur that and keep going. The last lesson it will teach you is time management. When you have two hour practice or performance you still have to go home eat, do your homework, take a shower, and make sure you get enough sleep so you can do it again.

Last doing an extra activity will make you better in the classroom. Once you do that hard training for whatever you're doing everything in the classroom will seem easier. Instead of when you get stuck on a math problem and you worry about it now you know how to overcome that struggle, therefore makes it easier. It will also make it to where if you didn't use to do your homework you now have time management kill and responsibility, so you can do your homework. Your school life will be better as well because you will have more friends because of what after school activity you are doing. Kids in schools nowadays that don't do after school activity tend to have less friends and are not as happy as someone who does do after school activities. Being able to count on that friend group will make your day go by faster and make it a whole lot easier because you have that mentality. The kids will also learn to be more respectful because their coaches will make them be respectful to the students.

Lets sum it up doing after school activities are very good an very important. You can learn many life lessons that you will never forget like, being able to manage time, learning responsibility, and how to work with a bunch of other people or as a team. Also doing an after school activity can boost your self confidence and make it to where you can get a friend group that has your back, and type of friendly relationship that everyone needs. People should get involved in after school activities for those reasons, but there are many reasons that I din't even list that are reasons you should join after school activities. Everone should have that chance to be able to do something they want and have the same oppurtunities. Regardless on your how you feel it is your choice to do what you want but there are some reason why you should join an after school activity.                                