The Electoral College has been used since the time of the Founding Fathers. "The founding fathers established it in the Constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and the President of a popular vote of qualifed citizens." (

the Office of the Federal Register

, 1). The process of the Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, meeting  of the electors, and the coutning of Congress' electoral votes. The electoral College requires a majority vote of 270 to elect a President and your state is entitled to the allotment of electors. Even the Electoral College has a few flaws in its system, such as when voters vote in the election, they actually vote for the slate of electors, and "the single best argument against the Electoral College is what we call the disaster factor."(Plumer, 11).

The Electoral is critisized as a system that only seems to fit in the past and doesn't belong in the present, not democratic in a modern sense, the electors elect the president, not the people, even with the critisism it have recieved over the past years, it has stayed here and is still being used. "There are five reasons for retaining the Electoral College despite its lack of democratic predigree; all are practial reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons."(Posner, 17). The certainty of Outcome, it's very unlikely to have a dispute over the popular vote. Because most states are award electoral votes on a winner-take-all basis, the slightest plurality in a state can createa landslide electoral-vote victory in that state, there is a possiblity of a tie, but it is very unlikely. A presidential candidate is required to have a transregional appeal, no region has enought votes to elect a president themselves. A candidate is highly unlikely to become a sucessful president with only just a regional appeal, the candidate must have appeal to throughout the country to become everyone's president. Swing states have voters that are more likely to pay attention to the campaign and recieved the most attention from the candidates. "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast." (22). The Electoral College reduces the pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast.

"Under the Electoral College System, voters vote not for the president but for a slate of electors, who elect the president instead."(Plumer, 10). The best arugment against the Electoral College is the Disaster Factor. The 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in the country but the system can allow for much worse to come. State legislatures are responsible for picking electors, and those electors can defy the will of the American people. In 1960, Lousiana's segregations almost succeeded in replacing Democratic electors with new ones that would oppose John F. Kennedy, the candidate running for president at the time. There is always a chance of a state sending two slates of electors to Congress, it had happen in Hawaii in 1960. Vice President Richard Nixon validated only his opponent's electors. This can very well happen again. The Electoral College is unfair to voters, bexcause of the winner-take-all system in almost all states, the candidates don't spend much time on states that they knew they have no chance of succeeding.

"It can be argued that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off  potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state- Democrats in Texas, or Republicans in California, for example." (23) Voters in presidential elections are people who don't think that a single vote can decide the swing of an election but they want to express a poltical reference. Even with its flaws of the Electoral College, the pros of it are just much greater and outweighs than the pros of going against the Electoral College.                                            