Surveys show fifty percent of Americans make decisions without asking for opinions. Studies show seventy-five percent of them wish they asked for opinions. Asking for opinions is important. It the way you base your actions off of how other people think. Asking for You should ask for multiple opinions because, people have diffrent opinions, to make sure somebody isn't trying to mess with you, and it can help you make a better decision.

To start off, the first reason you should ask for multiple opinions is, people have diffrent opinions. For example, if you ask someone what kind of ice cream should you have. They may say choclate, but if you ask someone else they may say vanilla. It's good to hear other opinions. You get to hear what other people think you should do. In conclussion, You should ask for multiple opinions because have diffrent views.

To continue, the second reason you should ask for multiple opinions is to make sure that someone is not trying to mess you up. If you ask someone for thier opinion and they say to do something that will get you in troubl and you only ask them; you're more likely to do it. For example, you ask a random kid how to do well on a test. He tells you to cheat on the test. You do it and during the test he tells the teacher that you're cheating and you get caught. He was just trying to get you in trouble the whole time. If you asked for multiple opinions you would have never listined to him. So, the reason you should ask for multipe opinions is to make sure someone is not trying to mess you up.

Finnally, the last reason you should ask for multiple opinions is, it can help you make a better decision. If you get multiple opinions that are complete opposites of each other you can try to make a decision that is a compromise of those opinions. For example, you ask a group of your friends were to eat. Two of them say Mcdonald's and ten of them say Chicfila. Eating at Chickfila is probally the better decision because a majority of your friends said it. If you ask a large amount of peoplee what to do and most of thier opinions state the same thing then that is probally what you should do. In conclussion, you should ask for multiple opinions because it can help you make a better decision.

So in conclussion, the reasons you should ask for multiple opinions are, People have diffrent opinions, to make sure someone isn't trying to mess you up, and it can help you make a better decision. I strongly agree with asking other people for thier opinions. I believe it is good to know what other people think. If you have a problem you should ask your friends for thier opinions. It can help you come up with a solution. In the end, I think asking for opinions is important.