The following essay is an analaysis of the artice "The Challenge of Exploring Venus." and an evaluation of the points that the article brings up. The article describes dangers of visting our neighbour planet venus and ideas of how it could be done.

The author does a great job to describe venus as the Earth's "twin", but also as a dangerous planet that is not made for us. He brings up that no spacecraft has survived a landing for more than a few hours, that the atmosphere is 97% carbon doixide, that there are clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, that the plantes surface has an average temperature of 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and that the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater as it is on the Earth. All these points convinced me that Venus is a planet that is not made for us to be on. Even if he brings up points why we should still go there it seems to me like it would make no common sense. He says that Venus once looked just like the Earth, but for me it doesn't matter how it once looked like because then we would first go into time traveling and that is not what this article is about. The author also brings up that there could be a survivable soulution by having a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 miles above the landscapre. I don't think that this is a good idea, because it would take so much work and money just to see things that we can see without a human being there. He mentions that it probably wouldn't even help the scientists that much because we wouldn't be able to take samples of anything or even inspect the ground conditions. So I think that idea is a waste of money and unless there is a really good reason or something specific to look for we shouldn't do it. The author then mentions that researchers are looking for innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute knowledge over Venus. I think that is a good think to do but it can not be an option to send a human up there, because as long as you only send machines it is just money that you send up there, but with all the dangers it is stupid to send a human to Venus. He closes his article with the statement that we have to strive for new knowlegde beyond our Earth and I do agree with that but we have to look out what the dangers are and sometimes things are not possible, because we are very limited compared to the power of the universe.

So I think that we should keep looking for new innovations that can help us explore the universe but we have to accept that we are very small in a big universe and that not everything is possible for us because we are limited, while the universe is not.