"

Your principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Do you agree or disagree with this decision?"

Extracurricular activities are some ways that students use their free time after school. On average, about 65% of all in students in Virginia participate in a extracurricular activity such as a sport, club etc.. I think that all students should participate in one extracurricular activity because it will help students with their college applications, students can find new interests, and students can meet new people.

Firstly, it will help students have a better, stronger, college application. Extracurricular activities are a strong factor on college applications. According to one of the admission officers at Harvard University,

"students are 10x more likely to get into an ivy league or higher ranked university, if he/she has more extracurriculars on their application."

Many colleges like to see extracurriculars on an application, rather than not.

Second, students are gonna be able to find new interests. Students are more likely gonna find their passion for something if they do an extracurricular. Helping students find their passion in something can help them take classes with their interests and help them improve in that skill set required for their passion. In my experience, having extracurriculars helped me find interest for many of the things I love today.

Lastly, extracurricular activities can help students meet new people. Meeting new people is probably the best part of doing extracurricular activities. Extracurriculars are good for students to meet others that share the same interests as them. For example students who tend to be more quieter and to themselves can have an easier time opening up to new people they've met if they like the same thing, and this can lead to them creating lifelong friendships with them.

Conclusively, helping students with their college applications, students finding their passion, and helping students meet new people are reasons why principals should require an extracurricular activity amongst all students. These extracurriculars can benefit a students school, and social life in a positive way. Requiring students to do an extracurricular of their interest can lead them to enjoying arriving and being at school more than before. Extracurriculars can also highly affect a students future in many positive ways.