Schools around America are talking about giving out projects during summer break, but it is up for debate if the schools should have teachers make them, or student based projects. While many students would argue that they should make the projects; I strongly believe that teachers continue making these assignments. Why: I feel that students would feel obligated to do the project. Teachers can also still decide if it is nessecary. Another reason is because the project can keep whatever subject it is, in the students head.

In my reasoning as to having teachers make these projects, I said: students would have to actually do the assignment. It is almost like a regular school project; you do it for the grade. If you are like any other student, you would do it to get an easy A. Why not start off the school year with a nice A or B. I am also a student, and when I have a project or assignment due; I like to get it done as soon as possible so I do not stress about it. I also feel that students would always have the thought of the project due, stuck in their heads because it was assigned by a teacher.

Teachers can still decide if they will take the project for a grade, or if it will not be nessecary. Teachers have this ability because they are the ones that have to take the time out of their day to grade, and make these assignments. While most people would think that teachers would make this something you need; some probably will not because of how much time it takes to grade, especially in the beginning of the year. Faculty can also say it is not something you need because: like teachers, they can also want students to have a nice relaxing break without worrying them about a paper or assignment they have to do over break.

One other thing I had said in my introduction was that students can keep this subject in their heads all summer long. What I mean by that is: having the project on their mind will always keep it fresh in their brains because it can be something that they are working on all summer, or towards the end of summer. If teachers make these projects, then I feel that it will stay in students heads because of how serious it can be for their grade. The project can also be considered as a credit, or something you need to graduate. Another reason teachers should make the projects is: to show students what it can be like when you have a serious job and when you have deadlines you have to reach on time.

Since majority of the votes that will come in are going to be from students; teachers should also try to see their point of view, and understand why students would want these projects to be student based. One: students can use their own projects as a memory trick to always remember what they wrote about. Two: if students had he opportunity to come up with their own projects; they would probably like to actually do it because it can be something that they are proud off. Some may even want to show it off to others. And last but not least: when kids really put their minds to soemthing important, they can be very creative.

In conclusion, I still feel it is best for teachers to make these projects over students. Teacher can make students feel like they have to do it. They can also say whether or not the project will be nessecary. Teachers can also give out these projects to keep the subjects in kids heads. Yet, I can still see and understand why students would prefer to make up their own material.             