Dear Florida state senator,

In few words, the United States should keep the Electoral Collage. Although the people may not depend on them, it does not mean that they are dependable either. The United States may have a long process of voting for a president for the country that in which only they can choose rather than the people, but it still is being done for the good of the countries' future.

The process for gaining a president may be long and not allow the peoples' voices to matter, but the future of the country cannot be placed on their unreliable descisions. Not all of the people are experienced on the ways of the government as the Electoral College or the House of Representatives are. In truth, you may never know that if a certified member of any one of the states is actually on the side for the greater good of the country. An enemy country may pay for any large number of citizens to elect a certain candidate that could be working for them. This could happen with the Electoral Collage. They may be paid by an organization working against the U.S. or by one of the candidates themselves for personal gain. But even if it did happen, as it claims in Source 1, by the Office of the Federal Registar, there would be the House of Representatives to also give the last vote if there were to be a tie. Source 3 states that there is an equal number of electors  which gives every state a chance of getting in the matter of equally electing a candidate for president.

Many things could happen while there is a new president to be elected. As I said before: the Electoral College may be paid to pick one candidate for president over the other. Source 2, by Bradford Plumer, states that the Electoral College has its defenses. Some of its members may be replaced in a state for that states' personal gain in the matter. Even so, it would be hard to tell. For the most part, it is the unfairness of not counting the peoples thoughts and opinions. It is their country as well!

All in all, it is very unreliable to put trust in the people, or anyone, for voting a president. Not many people may like the Electoral College, or their final descision, but even then it is the best way of getting a fair vote on a president. They will be there to select the new future of the country, besides being their job to do so, as opposed to the American people having duties elsewhere. They may want a candidate over the other, but even then by the end of the day, they would be in the same square they were on even before there was to be a new president elected. Even so, if there is a change in their style of living that they frown upon, they can always alert Congress.    