Express Yourself For The Good Through Your Grades

I would have to disagree. Because seventy or below is passing. And it's fair. Because some people struggle in some different subjects than others. So no it shouldn't just be if you have a B average. I mean yes don't get me wrong it would be amazing to have people to get all B' s and below. I mean we are going to school and learning and if everyone starts passing that means probably better Taks scores. Because they get pushed harder to do there sport.

But what I think is some people are better at some subjects or stuff better than others. Like when I say stuff. I mean as things God made us good at.

For example I am not good at math. I try my very hardest in it thought and I end up getting a low or high B, I really do try for an A. But that's because I have God who pulls me through it. I couldn't do it all on my own. I mean I'm starting to understand more about math and its amazing. I'm taking medicine to so that helps. But like I said people are better at other stuff. And that thing for me is singing, acting, and dancing. I love to perform. It pleases me and I can use my gift in ways to glorify God. And that's one of my main purposes to leave on this earth. Now don't get me wrong Math isn't wrong or anything it's just hard on some people. Like some people's parents not might be able to afford medicine to help them. That is why I am very thank full I can have it to help me focus.

Now let's say I end up getting a C average I and I wouldn't be able to perform in choir or in cheer. I would be devastated. Because those are ways I express myself. And when you take that away it would be very hard. But of course God would get me through it. The point is I tried really hard and maybe I didn't do to well on one which brought the grade down a lot.

I know a lot of people of have this probably and I think they should get to express the stuff there good at even if they have a C. I mean at least they tried. And in the real world we get to use calculators anyways.

Then there are those kids who don't care at all for school. That's why I think you should be able to participate in your sport if you get a seventy or above. Because it's not fair for them to get rewarding for not trying and not caring. When the others are. Now I know it might seem unfair to some people. But this is what I think is fair and right to the students.