Should students participate in extracurricular activities after school. Participating in activities after school is a tremendous thing because it can get your mind off of school work, it can even give you some exercise from time to time. Some people may say it is a bad thing to do an activity after school because there is no time for studying or homework, but they are wrong. They are wrong because if you play a sport and have practice after school is normally no more than an hour and a half. Lets say you got out of school at 3:30 and went to bed at 10:00 then you would still have 4 to 5 hours to study or do homework.

Even though there are some downs to having outside activities there is still that exercise portion to it.

The biggest thing to do for exercise is a sport. Sports get you moving and help you exercise while you are having fun. I had a friend who used to always play video games or just sit down all day so I suggested to him that he should play a sport with me and he did. When my friend started to play he told me it was really fun and how he started to stop playing video games. So to have all students do an extracurricular activity could make some people be just like my friend.

Outside activities are also bad because they can take up way to much time and are to far away. Depending on what the student wants to do, like a school sport it could take up to 45 minuets to get to practice or a game. When this is the situation they might not be at home for studying or homework for up to 5 hours. This could make the student stressed, angry, or even sometimes sad. Some things you could do to help this is do you school work in the car since you are not home for most of they day and could be driving for a while, or find something that is closer to home.

Past research has shown that 90% of the people who do something out of school that is close to home live a happier and healthier life. Outside activities even help students grow academically. When a student is happier they do better in school and don't sit there and worry about how boring there life is. I know this is true because when I did not play basketball I was not doing to well in school, I was always bored which made me never pay attention. When I joined my basketball team I was never bored and did way better in school.

yes, students should participate in extracurricular activities after school. even though there are some down sides to this research has proven that most people have a healthier life. some of the things you could do are play a sport, find a job, or even volunteer at the local animal shelter. so if you ever get the chance to do one of these activities don't pass it up. 