Yes I think that the projects should be student designed because then the student has the opportunity to learn whatever it is that they wanna learn.

personally i think that when i get to choose what i wanna learn about it makes it more intriguing to me and always has me wanting to learn more. if it is teacher designed then that means that you might have to learn about something that you really dont want to learn about. i know for a fact that when someone tells me to go and learn something its not the same as me WANTING to learn about it, i just have no drive to do the work because i feel like im getting forced to learn about something that i really dont care about. Especially during summer i dont want to learn about Robert E Lee or something because in my own opinion i think all that history stuff is the most boring stuff in the world. kids dont want to earn about that,they wanna learn how to make a video game or how to make music. nobody wants to learn about the great Gatsby or even trigonometry. we have always been told our whole life we need to graduate high school and go to a decent college to be successful in life or to even have a good job. that is not true but its what we believe because its what we were told since we could do basic math. our whole lives we are being controlled and we dont even know it. we dont ever choose what we get to learn the teachers choose it for us. i dont wanna be a historian maybe i wanna be an R&B singer or learn how to mix music maybe even create a video game. you cant do all that inside school, sure you might get a little taste of what you wanna learn but they will never teach us how to be successful in something that we are actually passionate about unless its math,science,English, or history. i honestly think its bull crap, yeah i think we should learn the basic history and basic math like algebra one something we could use in a day to day life situation. who in the world is gonna need trigonometry every single day or when is it gonna play a big part in someones life? rarely ever. and its crazy that we basically have to spend 4 years learning about things we most likely dont wanna learn about. people always say chase your dreams but how are we gonna be able to do that when we have to go to school to learns things that arent going to mean anything to us in about 10 years. ive talked to my parents they dont remember learning anything in high school. i show them my homework all the time and they just say "what in the heck is this?" to my math problems that im apparently going to need all my life. college is probably the most pointless thing in the world you do not need to go to college to be successful in life there are jobs in this big world that will pay you more than what a lawyer gets paid. with technology in this day and age you can become a millionaire by sitting on your butt all day and playing videos games. not even making one just playing the game. i shouldnt have to waste like 8 years of my life when i can legit be doing anything in the world but school is stopping me. i could probally be the next big thing in rapping but i dont have time to focus on it because of school. so no i dont want some stupid lame teacher picking me some boring lame topic for me to learn about i want to pick what i learn about for once. let us have some freedom. there are so many things i wanna learn about but i have to spend most of my day at school not even paying attention because they teachers never teach anything interesting. maybe if they did people who arent goody two shoes and dont get As in every single class they ever took would probally pay more attention and maybe then these black kids wont become just another statistic espically because yall make it so much harder on us african americans in school. we dont want to learn about that bull. we want to learn about cars, motorcycles stuf like that some normal boy stuff. girls dont want to learn about punctuations or how to write a dang essay. maybe they wanna start their own makeup business or something. i just dont think school is fair really. i think its a big waste of time. period. 