Our school, where we spend most of our childhood in, should be able to join any sport with any grade you have. The sport it was makes you still connected to the school. I think grades shouldn't matter because sports keep you healthy, it allows time to hang with friends and it makes you better at the sports you already do. Should we really throw that all away because of a silly grade that would matter until high school?

I strongly believe that we should let anyone with any grades to play sports. It keeps you healthy and active. Would you rather have a school with inactive kids our healthy ones? The sports we have make you run and running is good for your body. It makes your muscles stronger.

These sports are helpful. Some kids cant afford recreation sports. Then the school helps those kids and let them play. So those kids are healthy and active.

I defiantly consider that we should allow any grade kids play. They allow students to interact with friends and coaches.

Don't you enjoy having your friends on your team. When your out or not playing you can talk to them and become better friends. Also when you play sports you find people on your team that you have stuff in command with. You could be like some quiet kid then you could have become good friends with some populars just because of sports.

Lastly I think we shouldn't leave out kids just because of their grades. School sports make you better at recreation sports. They make you better, faster, stronger. When you makes a mistake in a school sport you will learn from it and become better in your town's team.

If we leave kids out just because if there grades then it wouldn't be fair. What if the kid with a bad grade is really good at soccer and you leave them out. Then the would suck all because of one grade.

I honestly think that's unfair because no one wants there school to be "losers". I think grades shouldn't matter because sports keep you healthy, it allows time to hang with friends and it makes you better at the sports you already do.