We shouldnt have driveless cars because if we do you know people arent gonna pay attention there gonna be on there phones and be like oh my car is driving its self so i dont really have to pay attention. and then some people who have gotten their liscense provoked can probably just hop in one of those cars and probably put everyone in danger. people shouldnt have to always depend on technology and other machines to always do something for them . the way driving is now is fine. the people say it will make it safer but how will it really they will have to spend billions of dollars probably on money that they probably dont have to create a whole new driving system for people and if it doesnt work the all that money will go to waste.

If people strat growing up in a generation where you dont ahev to drive and the car will drive for you what are they learning. NOTHING! becaus ethere just learnmng how to be aware with the car not how to actually drive. Yes technology is advancing but that doesnt mean that all the Technology is the safest. Cars something that you have to learn how to drive not just something that learns how to drive its self. kids shouldnt have to be glued to technology 24/7 unless you in school please books in school be so heavy i swear to god imma have back troubles when i get older we just need i pads in our school but no our schools poor af.

Anyways back to the car thing. There reasoning is okay i guess but what happens when your driving onthe highway and your car senses something and stops automatically and everyone behing you is going 60 - 70 mph and crashes into you what happens then?

Its okay to have like those little beepy sensors and the little camera in the back of your car so you can see whats behind yopu when you back out but having a driverless car just seems to risky. Another point is that there are so many other problems in this world beside trying to figure out how to advance car technology

. why dont they use that money to try to help cure cancer or help people in need not trying to make money but instead give bck people trhese days only care about themselves and there stupid fancy driverless cars instead of thinking about a child who doesnt even know what a car is. People these days kep on making up more excuses to be lazy just drive your car your self .

Kids are growing up in a world where there not gonna know how to do anything by themselves there always gonna depend on technology or something to help them through life. people honestly need to stop depending on technology to do everything for them its stupid i dont need my phone with me every second of the day unlike some kids i can actually put it up and i wouldnt need a car to drive me around because im not lazy i can drive myself. so many people are lazy and its so aggitating to know that people cant even freaking get in car and drive themselves they have to make technology to have the car drive its slef