What comes to mind when you think of the word school? Do you think about waking up early, going to boring classes, and lots of tests and homework? Well what comes to mind when you think about online schooling at home? Do you think about lounging in bed, eating whatever you want whenever you want, and doing work only when you feel like it? That's how most students think about these two different types of schooling, but when you think about it, is going to school really that bad when compared to online school? When looking at the big picture, I don't think that students would benefit from being able to take classes at home because there is less social interaction, there are more distractions, and there aren't as many fun experiences.

I feel that if students were to take online classes at home, they wouldn't get to learn how to collaborate with their peers. A school environment is essential in that it teaches students how to collaborate with peers and gain leadership skills through projects and assignments. These are skills that are important for the workplace and for working with people throughout life. School is usually the place where most people meet their first friends and learn how to talk to and deal with those peers as they grow up. I feel that online school takes that aspect of socialization away from students and doesn't allow them to put themselves out there because they're always at home. With that being said, it is also easier for students at home to turn to social media to communicate with others, which can be dangerous because they don't really know who they're interacting with.

I also feel that taking online classes at home could jeopardize students' learning because being in the comfort of their home will make for more distractions that wouldn't be available in a classroom, such as T.V., phones, video games, etc. Students will be more inclined to use these things because they are readily available. When taking classes at school, students don't have access to as many distractions because most teachers don't permit the use of personal technology in the classroom. Students are also more inclined to procrastinate and slack off when they take classes online because the teacher isn't monitoring their work, whereas in a school classroom, the teacher is in the room making sure that the students are completing their assignments on time. I know from personal experience that students are more likely to work when they are in a working environment, so I think that it wouldn't be beneficial to have them work at home.

Finally, I feel as though online school makes students miss out on some fun experiences that happen at school, such as after school clubs and activities that might provide students the opportunity have great experiences and bond with the new people they've met, field trips to museums, colleges, and amusement parks, school dances, which provides chances for them to go out and have fun with their friends, etc. Online school doesn't give students any outlet to do these activities as a group. Although the students might be able to do these activities on their own time, doing it as a school and seeing everyone united and having fun together gives a sense of belonging, and it makes them feel like they're part of a team.

Although the thought of online schooling at home is nice, I feel that it's important to remember that going to school makes students more well-rounded and provides them with many more opportunities. Students get to start to venture out and learn more about the world they live in and the people in it. I believe that school will give students unforgettable experiences, good or bad, that will teach them essential life lessons.