Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College is unfair for voters all around the United States. The Electoral College is a Winner-take-all system in each state, the candidates don't spend time in the states that they know they have no chance of winning. They only focus on the tight races in the swing states. For example during the campaign in 2000, seventeen states did not see the candidates at all. Voters in the twenteyfive of the largest media markets didn't even get to see a single campaign ad!

Further more, "voters vote for not the president, but a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president."  Voters cant always control who their electors vote for. The voters sometimes even get confused about the elector and vote for the wrong candidate. If you lived in Texas  and wanted to vote for Bob Smith (just an example), you'd vote for a slate of thirtyfour Democratic electors who are pledged to Bob Smith. If those electors won the statewide election, they would go to Congress and Bob would get 34 electoral votes toward his presidency. The electors can be anyone not holding a public office.

Did you know that over 60% of voters would prefer a direct election more tham the kind of election we have now. According to the article " a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after AI Gpre-thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the popular vote but lost the presidency. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO, in their time, all aggreed on one thing, abolishing the Electoral College. This years voters can and will expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the presidency, once again.

The best argument against the electoral college is called the disaster factor. Americans should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century, but the system allows for worse. " Consider that the state legislature are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." In 1960, segregationists in the louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with brand new elecors who would go against John F. Kennedy. Some faithless electors have even refused to vote for their party's candidate and instead they vote for whoever they want.

So its official now, the Electoral College is outdated, unfair, and irrational. The name makes no sense also why is it called the Electoral "College"? The Electoral College should just be abolished like Bob Dole said.  So who is actually voting for the president? We the people? Or the Electoral College?    