People in America vote for a candidate running for president believing that their vote counts, but in reality it all comes down to the Electoral College. According to "The Indefensible Electoral College: why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer, "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election tot he kind we have now." We, as a country, need to change to election by popular vote for the president of the united states in order to have fair competion instead of the people of America voting for a potential president only to find out the vote was worth nothing.

To begin with, majority of the nation wants to abolish the Electoral Congress because it's an unfair process. Bradford plumer states, "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." It should be that the voters vote for the president, but we are just voting for electors so they can vote for the president putting our nation's future in danger. The Electoral College used to be the the right way of election but now it's known as something from the past. Traditionally, the Electoral College was "a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens, (paragraph 1, by the Office of the Federal Register)" in which the founding fathers established this process of election knowing that then it was the correct way. But now, this process is "outdated (paragraph 14, Bradford Plumer)" and there needs to be election by popular vote.

Another key point, former presidents Richard Nixon and Jimmy Carter, agree with "abolishing the electoral college (paragraph 9,

Bradford Plumer)" as do Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL-CIO, and the Gallup poll in 2000. Majority wants to get rid of the Electoral College in order to lets the popular vote decide who become president. also, voters cant always control who their electors vote for. Bradford Plumer notes, "The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century." The Al Gore election is an example of the unfairness that the Electoral College is pursuing. Al Gore won the popular vote against George W. Bush nationwide, which means the people wanted Gore, but he did not recieve enough electoral votes to win the election.

In the Electoral College's defense, the Electoral College, as illustrated by Richard A. Posner, "restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution," meaning that a presidential candidate will give more attention to a larger state than a smaller state. Without the Electoral College, the president wouldn't have "trans-regional appeal (paragraph 19, Richard A. Posner)," meaning that no one region has enough electoral votes to elect a president so the Electoral College requires the "trans-regional appeal."

To conclude, our nation needs to change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States instead of election by the Electoral College because this process of election is unfair to the voters of this nation. Also, majority wins and the majority of the country wants to repeal the Electoral College then we should make a change. If we want this nation to be the strongest it can be then we need to make choices that will positively affect our country and the people of our country.                            