For most of the students who can't attend to school and were absenced by some reasons, it's a little bit confused for them to understand and be able to get what their classes been doing. They will miss all the new lessons, classworks, homeworks, tests, and quizzes. So the distance learning is a great opportunity to help out students to catch up on what they missed in class.

In my opinion, I think that distance learning is a helpful option that can help sudents to get what they missed from their classes. It's a great idea that teachers show the students everything throughout videos. In the videos, teachers are pretty much explained about new lessons, what they've been doing in class, and how to do it. So for those students who can't come to school, they wil have an oppportunity at home to learn about new things and what they missed. The video online will makes the students feel like they're in class because the teachers will go through all the problems and ways how to solve it.

Also, there are some negative effects beside the benefits of the distance learning. I agree it's a helpful oppoturnity for students who missed class, but not the best idea. Why do I think like that? It's because the distance learning can't really much cover the whole thing in class. The teachers will go through everything they've been learning but can't explain to the students as details as they are in class. The students still be able to catch up what they missed but it will be a little bit confused for them. Since the distance learning video is sharing and connecting to other students, the teachers will make everything shorter enough to help students understand new lessons. It also hard because some students can't write or copy down what the teachers said. But overall, it's not a bad option at all.

However, distance learning is helpful because students who were absenced can get what they missed in class. It's not as detail as they are in class but help students at home to connect with other students in class about what they've been doing. At least, students will have the ideas of what the new lessons are about and how they will be able to go through all of it. It helps them to understand some parts of the class.

Distance learning is a great idea to help absenced students to get almost everything on what they missed. Also helps them to understand what others been doing in class. It's not details but at least can cover some parts of it. Students will have a chance to learn keep up with others while they stayed at home. 