"What have Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their time, agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electoral college!" Many people are not very fond of the electoral college for several reasons. For example, voters do not even vote for the president but for the electors, when there is a tie the election is given to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president. Also, some may say that the single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor.

Changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States would be a better solution. Many people would also be in favor of this. The electoral college is not liked by many people, but there are people who are in favor with voting that way. There is a very slim chance by voting with popular vote will not wind up ending in a tie, or blaming the electors for the cause of the president. But, the electoral college is also very helpful when it comes down to the presidential election. They obviously know what they are doing, where as many people in the United States might be voting at random, they might not even care who their leader of our country is.

Many say that the electoral college is unfair to voters. The winner-take-all system is in each state, and candidates do not spend time in states they know have a chance at winning. Candidates mainly focus on the tight races in "swing" states. But, there are likely more thoughtful voters in toss-up states that are more likely to pay close attention. Yes, I do believe that the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election, but it isn't the voters who are voting? It all comes down to the electoral college doesn't it?

All in all, changing the voting system to where the electoral college is not as involved in deciding our president would be a better solution. Bradford Plumer said, "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational." The arguments against direct elections are very high. So, what do you think? Should the electoral college continue get to have a major say on who our president is, or should the people have more of a say in this chaos.    