Dear Mr. Senator,

I believe that America should keep the Electoral College to elect the president of the United States. I believe this because the Electoral College makes a guarenteed outcome, it gives proper representation to big states, and the president has to have a trans-regional appeal.

The Electoral College has more of a certainty of outcome for an election. For example, in the 2012 election, Obama received 61.7 percent of the electoral votes (a very convincing number) but only 51.3% of the popular vote (not as convincing). The Electoral College also avoids the problem of a tie in the votes. Even though the Electoral College has 538 votes, which would make it possible for a tie, it is very unlikely that there is a tie in the Electoral College. For example, Richard Nixon in 1968 only received 43% of the popular votes, but won 301-237 in the Electoral College. Bill Clinton in 1992 had only 43% of the popular vote, but also won 370-168. The pressure of a run-off election is reduced with the Electoral College.

The Electoral College gives the big states more representation than the smaller states. For example, Florida has 29 Electoral votes, while a state like Maine only has 4. In 2012, the popular vote was really close in Florida, but Obama won and got 29 electoral votes. If the same thing happened in Maine, the winner would only receive 3 Electoral votes. If America used the popular vote to decide who won,  the win by a few votes would mean almost nothing, and the big states would have the same representation as the small states.

The president can't win the election by just winning one region of states. The Electoral College has made it that the candidate would have to have a trans-regional appeal. This is desirable for most people because a president that is only popular in one region, and not everywhere will not be a good prsident. This is why candidates don't campaign in places that they know they will win, and branch out to the swing states. These swing states basically decide the election. They are the states that do not favor either the democratic or republican candidate, so they have important votes. If swing states go one way, so will the election. This is why many candidates campaign in these Swing States.

As you can see Mr. Senator, the Electoral College is the best way to go for electing a new president. It has a more certain and guaranteed outcome than the popular vote, it gives more representation to the bigger states, and requires appeal from people all over America, not just people in one region.                                  