Is technology a valuable source for everything? In the world we live in now, the year of 2016, we've discovered things that are taking place that would've never even been though of before. And now, the idea of driverless cars has came upon. I don't agree that this is the best idea for us right now. Simply because, it takes away from alot of learning, it'll cause lots of disagreements with individuals and manufacturers, and technology is'nt always dependable.

Driverless cars will take away from learning. In the United States now there are many laws for finally being elgible to drive. Going through the permit policy at the correct age, and then finally your license. Many teenagers have already went through this process, with taking drivers ed, practicing behind the wheel and more. But, with driverless cars it'll lead the growing generation right into what they don't know and you should still know how to drive while in the car, but with no knowledge of that concept, how will that work?

As stated in the passage, "if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" If there is any type of wrong happening, both sides will make any claim to make sure their not at fault. Factors like money problems and a bad name could occur against the manufacturer, and money situations against the individuals also. No one will want to be blamed, and it could cause so much. There are always lawsuits and situations where it's a company against a citizen.

As we can all verify now, technology isn't always dependable. Starting from phone problems, updating apps, getting into Google, loosing files, crashing, and more. It's never 100 percent dependable. Let's say the sensors seek a problem too late, or not at all, it's the inviduals job to just be secure and take control, then what is the purpose of even having them hold the name of driverless? There so many wrongs that can happen. If a driver is sleepy, and thats her reason for wanting the driverless taxi, and ends up falling asleep, not able to respond to sensors, what happens? And whose fault is it?

All in all, I believe there's not a big purpose or need for this concept right now. There's not, and theres so many reasons why. Taking away from learning, causing lawful conflicts, and the use of not so dependable technology.