Have you ever struggled in a certain activity, or just wanted to join a new club.

Many students often feel that way and don't know what to do, but there are many after school clubs that help out in that regard. Students who are struggling in certain subject could stay after school with a teacher to help in that situation. Many schools also provide sport clubs so that students interested would join, and possible lend them a scholarship into collage. Students who participate in extracurricular activities are more likely to make stronger bonds with others. With so many benefits to staying after school, I believe that students should stay after school in at least one club.

There are many instances in which students struggle to keep high grades up, and don't know what to do. There are many extracurricular activities that may help in that scenario. Students can find clubs in which they can get help by teachers to do work there struggling to finish.

If a student missed a day of school and can't catch up, teachers can stay after and show them and important information that they missed. Tests can bring stress to students , and even make them panic a little, when that happens students can request that teacher help them and even give tips on how to relax and focus. Trying to juggle so many things at once can be difficult for most students, but teachers are there to help out those in need.

Sport clubs are one of the most popular clubs in some schools, and for good reason. Clubs like these offer students a chance to play the sport they like and represent the school at the same time. Sport clubs also give participants the opportunity to hang out with friends and create new ones along the way. In some rare chances collages may offer them a fully paid scholarship if they see the student overall success, and while it even rarer some professionals may be interested and ask them to join there team. Sports clubs offer students many opportunities to get a head start in life and even get them interested in new hobbies.

Students coming to a new school for the first time might be timid or feel alone during the first few day, so why not ask them to come to after school. Extracurricular activities offer new students the change to make new friends and even help strengthen old ones. Many group of friends often hang out after school to just hang out or relax from the stressful day. Many clubs also relate to specific peoples interest, so people can meet others who are interested in their hobbies. Every person is unique and some may struggle to make new bonds, but after school activities can help them meet people who share the same hobbies or help steanthen bonds

After school clubs are some of the key factors in schools. They help them keep high grades, Gives students the chance to do there hobbies like sport, and may even help new kids to make bonds or steanthen them. So I Believe that students should stay after school at least once, to see new interest or make new friends.