Dear Mrs. Principal:

I think this new school policy is great! Students with a grade C average should not be able to participate in sports or other activities. It makes students have to earn the right to play sports and do other activities. If they don't learn in the classroom, then they won't learn on the field. Also, students with a grade C average are not that smart. They might do dumb things at the activity and ruin the fun for others.

Students must earn the right to play sports and do other activities. They can't get a free pass out of jail. This isn't monopoly, this is life. When the students grow older, they have to earn everything they get. They don't get free money. They don't get a free house. They don't get a free car. Students should start to earn their way through life starting right now. If they don't start now, then they won't start later, and they'll have a miserable life.

Students must learn in the classroom before they step onto a field. They can't play sports without a brain. To get into a good college and play on their sports team, the students first need to have a brain. Then they need the athletic skills to back it up. Also, what will they do if they don't get to the big leagues? If the students didn't learn in school, then they get to live on the streets. Otherwise, they will get a good job and be happy.

Students with a grade C average are not that smart. Some will ruin the fun for others at the school activities. For example, a student who has a D average might think that starting a food fight at a carnival to cause ruckus will be fun. They didn't have the brain to realize that it will cause chaos and bring the whole place down.

So some people might disagree. They might say that some students that have a C average are really good athletes, and if they don't make the team, then the team will fail. Well that's too bad. Like I said, students need to earn it. I don't care if the team will perform poorly without the star player. This might motivate them to do better in school, and then everyone will win. Also, some people might say that they can't do any better. Their parents were dumb, and so were they. Look at that self-confidence. Change that pattern. If your parents aren't that smart, then you become smart, so that your kids will be smart.

The new policy is a great idea Mrs. Principal. I think it will help students become educated. and it will bring the school average up. So go ahead! Make this new policy official! It will help the lives of so many students!

Thank you for your time.