Screaming and the sounds of objects shattering is what Generic_Name hears on a daily basis in her house. Usually its because of a small disagreement between her parents and gradually gets more intense but recently its been because of her. Generic_Name and Generic_Name are getting a divorce and have recently been arguing about who was going to keep Generic_Name because nobody wanted the responsibility. Since Generic_Name is 13 years old, she has the option of either staying with one of her parents or being put up for adoption. She wakes up one morning for school, trying not to make a sound because she doesnt want her parents waking up and starting her day of with screaming. When she manages to get out the house she puts a fake smile on and carries on her day. Throughout it, she asks her best friend, who was the only one who new about the situation, for her opinion on it. Generic_Name gives her thoughts but doesnt seem to care much about it. Generic_Name doesnt bother asking anybody else. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice can make a better choice because someone might have asked for the same advice before, there might be someone with more knowledge about it, and there is less stress on yourself on making a decision all on your own.

One reason you should ask for for multiple advice is because someone might have asked for the same advice before. For instance, Generic_Name is going through a breakup and she doesnt know what to do. She asks multiple people for their advice and a couple of them tell her they have been through the same thing then they give her their opinion on what they have done in the past. Since she asked more than one person for advice, she got results. Another example, when I was getting a pet for my birthday I had the choice of either getting a dog or a cat. I asked all my friends for their opinion about it and they all gave me the pro's and con's about each one since most of them had the same situation happen to them before. I ended up getting a cat because I was told it would be less expensive, less work to care for it, but be more fun to have. Since I got many opinions on my advice, I made the best decision and got better results.

Secondly, you should ask for multiple opinions for advice because there might be someone with more knowledge about it. For instance, Generic_Name is in an abusive relationship and her boyfriend cannot handle his anger so he takes it out on her and whenever she goes to work she always has to wear pants and a long sleeved shirt to hide her scars and bruises. She finally tells her co-workers about her situation, asks for their opinions and all of them tell her it isn't healthy to be in that relationship. She broke up with him and things started getting better from then on. Because she asked so many people about it and they seemed to know much more than she did, her life was much better and safer. Another example, when Generic_Name was asking a question on a math problem she asked one person for help and they gave her an answer but when she asked the teacher about it, she got the question wrong. She then on started asking multiple people for answers on her math homework and most of them would give her the right answers. Since other people had better knowledge than her, she got her math homework answers correct.

Lastly, you should ask multiple people for their advice because it would be less stress on yourself for making a choice on your own. For instance, Generic_Name has been very depressed lately and is deciding if she should run away. She tells her friends at school and they give all their attention on her and tell her that it isnt right so she should stay. It helps Generic_Name a lot since she is not the only with the weight of that decision and she decides to stay because she trusts her friends. Eventually things turn around for her and she is back to her normal, happy self. Since she didnt have all that weight of her decision all to herself, she didnt feel as stressed. Another example, when Generic_Name's parents were getting a divorce she had to decide whether to live with her mom or dad. Its stressful enough that she has to choose between two people she loves. She asks multiple friends and some of her counselors about what she should do and each one of them help her out. Since she is getting help from so many people she feels less stressed about her decision making. Getting multiple opinions on something could make decision making less stressful.

Generic_Name comes home one one day after school and as soon as she walks in she sees books being thrown at her dad from her mom. Generic_Name quickly shuts the door, grabs her bike and heads to the mall. She sees her friend group at the mall and joins in. They're exited to see her and they hang out. Generic_Name is debating whether to tell her friends about whats happening at her house. She finally gathers up the courage and asks her friends about it. They seem shocked at first because they didnt know about it, other than Generic_Name, but they start telling her about their opinions on it. One of her friends went through something similar and tell Generic_Name what she did and how it will have a better outcome. all her friends say that she should choose to be with another family because it will have a better outcome. Generic_Name feels less stressed about the situation since shes not the only one having to choose a choice all by herself and she trusts them about it because they have more knowledge about it. After spending her whole afternoon at the mall, she rides her bike home. She enters her house and still sees her parents arguing. She takes a deep breath and interrupts them. She tells them about her decision. 3 years later Generic_Name is living in a house that never has anybody arguing and has two new parents that love her. Seeking multiple opinions when asking for advice can make a better choice because someone might have asked for the same advice before, there might be someone with more knowledge about it, and there is less stress on yourself on making a decision all on your own.