Fellow citizens have many advantages if they start limiting car usage. There are many other things a person can do to avoid driving their motor vehicle. Car pooling, public transportation, riding a bicycle, and walking are a few ways you can get to your destination. Car usage is a big problem because of all of the disadvantages it has. The good thing is that by limiting car usgae emissions will lower, we, the people, can conserve resources and improve safety.

Lowering emissions has to do with greenhouse gas. Greenhouse gas is any gaseous thing in the atomosphere that is capable of absorbing radiation. It traps and holds heat to the atmosphere. If we lower greenhouse gas then it will prevent the earth from global warming. In source one, the writter says "Automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs and that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions tailpipes." This line states that automobiles is becoming a hug problem because it uses gas and it causes greenhouse gas emissisions.

Conserving resources is an important advantage to limiting car usage. Resouces are what people, plants and animals need. To conserve resources, air pollution can not be a problem but it is because of the dieselsl from cars. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced driving ban to clear the are of the global city." states, the narrator of source 2. This states that driving a vehicle that contains diesel engines has caused pollution and it has been banned to clear the air in the city. Air pollution is when harmful solid particles and gases mixed in the air. "pedestrian, bycycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation" are was to reduce air pollution, explains source 4.

Improving saftey is what earth needs to do. Safety is important and if car usage does not limit, people saftey will increase, and not in a good way. We can not continue living with the earth having problems because it will effect our safety. Air pollution will cause us to inhale dangerous particles and that will cause us, the people, to have a bad health.

In conclusion, there are many advantages to limiting car usage. There are many different ways from preventing bad things happening. If car usage increases then there will be many problems on earth. We can slowly make a change, avoiding car usage is hard but it must happen.    