1 in every 4 student learn best on their own outside of a classroom. In the age where learning online is being used in classrooms more every year, Learning online is now accessible everywhere. Forcing those students into a environment they are not use to will cause great stress and grade reductions. Students who need to take classes at home will greatly impact not only their grades in a positive matter but also their mental health. Students who learn best on their own should be given the chance to take online courses to take home.

In a research article written by a college student, He goes on to write about his research on a students mind and work habits in different environments. He conducted his research and came with different outcomes three of which dealt with working at home, in a busy classroom, and a one on one class with a teacher. He asked the two students what their preferred method of learning was and then put them into all three and recorded it. One student stated he worked best in his room and on his own. The other from help of a teacher. This research helps to show the impact that different work environments for different students.

The student who said they worked best in his room and or alone showed the biggest results. He worked most productive in his room like he stated but also worked well in a one on one with the teacher. This shows how the student if given the option to take an online course would do so. He got his work done and focused on it until he had finished. The other student could be used to represent the other 3 out of 4. He worked best in a one on one with a teacher and also in a classroom with other peers to assist. The student who worked alone benefited the most with completing their work and completing it well. When put into the classroom he struggled to stay on task with that causing stress and could not complete his work with the same effort as while at home.

although many argue that letting students stay at home to do school work will make them lazy or become irresponsible this just isn't a valuable argument. Setting distance classes as optional is what really counters that thought. Student who believe they learn best in a class space, they will not take the option to take the class online. while the others who believe they learn best on their own will do so. The option should be given to all students and then there they will decide in which environment they learn best, and for the maximum amount of students can benefit from this option.         