Imagine not asking anyone for advice, you cant! Asking for advice is crucial. This may be a good solution or a bad one but asking for advice is good. One of your friends could be the reason why you make a good decision. When people ask for advice they talk to more than one person because they get a different point of view, it could create a trust for one another and, it'll help you make better decisions in the future and present.

You could see the good and bad views. You dont want to be given bad advice so you see the good advice and the bad advice and you pick which view is better. People have different mindsets on it. Some people wont really take your seek for advice seriously while others will so, it matters on who you chose to ask. Seeing the real friends and fake ones. If your friend tells you bad advice on purpose then thats not a good friend. The real friends will tell you the truth and good advice. Its important to see both views of the advice people are giving you, thats why its good to ask more than one person.

Asking for advice makes them trust you, trust leads to better advice. When someone trusts you its proven that they'll give better advice so they dont lose that trust. It could even expand your friendship. Trusting them will make you guys become better friends and you guys will make sure that good advice is going around. You could end up trusting more people. If you trust one person you could try to ask someone else for their opinion so you could get more point of views on your seek for advice. Asking for more advice requires trust and those were the benefits with asking more people for advice.

It'll help you make better decisions in the future and present because your asking more than one person. Its better to ask more than one person because different people have different brains and they will help make better decisions. It's good to have better decision making in life. Having good decision making can be very crucial in your life and it starts by the people you ask for advice. It's hard to do it alone. Asking someone for advice could calm you down and there wont be as much pressure because someone is there to help you make the right decision. In closing to this paragraph decision making is key for asking opinions and thats why its good to ask more than one person for advice.

When humans ask for advice they ask more than one person because they get more than one opinion, it make you trust them and, it'll help you make better decisions. In closing of this essay you should ask more than one person for advice and not do it alone. When you ask someone else they can help you make better decisions and thats why seeking for than one person for advice is important!