Though the electorial college is considered a non-democratic way of selecting a president it still seems unbias and fair. Lets think about it for a moment the one who recieves the most votes is declared the winner right? so that means everyones vote is considered equal. Wrong! its means that we are actually voting for slate electors to vote for us. either way each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the nominee and that very trust is yet barely even broken. that is why i believe that voting by electorial colleges is the best why for choosing a new president.

For instance lets say that we were to choose based on the majority of the votes that means the one with the most votoes wins. It seems reasonable but unfair at the same time. Lets say your state is sevearly low on its population then that would mean your vote won't count against a densely populated one. The one with the most people would win without a doubt. the popular or should i the say the one with most votes will win the election.

The Electorial Colleges restore some of the weight of large states in the political balance. The Electorial college also avoids the problem of run-off elections. This is means electorial colleges produce a clear winner by a landslide. This means that there shall not be any ties. In the electorial votes the electorial colleges are worth much more then the popularity because almost all states award electoral votes compared to popular ones.

The Electoral Colleges require trans-regional appeal. Which means no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president. for instance Mitt Romney was in the south and went for states he knew he would win. This was a desireable result and presidents with regional appeals are unlikely to become president. So the residents of the remaining regions are highly to disenfranchise him for thinking that there votes shall not count. It makes them think the new president has no interest in his regards. It makes that them feel as if hes not really their president.

In Conclusion i believe that our state should keep the electorial college for it is fair amongst the people. This way the peoples voices will be heard and feel as if the president does care for his people and their needs. Also it will leave out unnecessary drama and ties among the candidates. That the election will have a clear finish of who really won. But also Avoid from having the people feeling as if their votes do not count.                    