Did you know that theres lots of students in the united states who hate going to school everyday?

Why are there only traditional, American, education in society today? We are going through a technological advancement period in the world, yet we have to force are selves to get ready just for school. Although, some people believe that attending classes online will have no real benefit, like, a classroom. I think that it is extremely beneficial to lots of students because students can learn on their own time, and they'll have less distractions overall.

I think all schools should have an option for online classes because it allows students to learn on there own time. They can sleep in and and get energized right before a busy day, which allows students to be able to process information faster and learn new material at a faster rate, than if they were in a classroom listening to some boring teacher, that they hate, teach the classroom. That's why students always fall asleep in there classes: Students, especially in high school, like to stay up late, so it helps them a lot to do what they want on there own time, instead of listening to a lecture about history that could take them 20 minutes to learn. Maybe they have jobs, and they work morning shifts, but school gets in the way of that.

Another reason why i think online classes should be an option is because students will be less distracted. When students are in the classroom, they can very loud and obnoxious. Some students like learning in a calm environment such as the library. Others, on the other hand, they love to just talk, talk, talk, which makes it harder for all the student who like a calm environment to think and be able to process the information the teacher is talking about. When their at home, they can do their work as best they can because theres no one to distract them. Imagine having slight hearing loss and students are being abundantly rude to the teacher; can't stop talking to there friends about some brand new Mercedes that just came out. The amount of participation your brain is engaging in is significantly reduced through out the class.

In conclustion, I think that it is extremely beneficial to lots of students because students can learn on their own time and have less distractions overall. Lots of students in schools feel left out because it's hard to learn without paying close attention to what the teacher is trying to teach you. Some people can't focus, others might have a learning disability. It's all about options, but lot's of students rather do online school then sit in a class. Why listen to someone teach it, when you can teach yourself how to do everything? Learning is diverse and schools should let people learn the way that they would like to learn.