Technology is gradually developing as we go into the future. New inventions are being created everyday, such as driveless cars. When you think of driveless cars you may picture things like you see in the movies, but they are much more complex. I personally think that the developement of driveless cars is a good thing and will benefit us later in the future.

In the article, the author believes."Driveless cars will use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer more flexibility than a bus". As you can see driveless cars will benefit the earth and the needs of humans. The company,Google, has had independent driving cars since the year 2009. Their research states that their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. This research shows that the developing of driveless cars is improving and actually becoming a product that will later be in use.

Although these cars are categorized as independent, they still require the alertness of the driver. The car itself will need the driver's assistence when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with traffic issues. I believe that the car not having complete independence will actually benefit the driver. Since drivers today are already being distracted by phones and passangers, not having complete control could help them be safer on the road. I appreciate how the car can move on it's own, but also requires the driver to be somewhat aware of what is going on. Let's face it humans will always be distracted, but not having to actually drive a car might reduce the number of accidents caused by texting. I know it sounds crazy that the driver not paying as well attention, but with the car driving on its own the driver would be able to text and get distracted.

Driveless cars are improving scientific research and inventions. Back to the benefits of the driver just having to be aware, technology has helped so much in the process. The car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. Scientist and workers were also able to create a viberating sensor in the seat to help the driver be aware when the car needs assistence such as in a traffic jam. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. The author believes, "Manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road". I believe that this would be a great idea and will improve the drivers safety. I know that driving might not be as fun and people will use interest if all they do is sit there, but then they will be able to text and do whatever else they are prevented to do when actually in control of a car.

In conclusion, I believe that driveless cars will actually benefit us later in the future. Its high-tech equitment and special sensors will fascinate people and lead to the purchasing. I believe that allowing product in other states will improve transportation systems and the needs of people. I predict that in the future, there will be other independent vechicles and systems being created. Driveless Cars are coming and we better be ready.