Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. Cell Phones are objects that people carry around with them no matter what and they use them for various reasons. A few of those reasons is calling, texting, listening to music, playing games/downloading games, watching videos from YouTube to movies, and etc... Cell Phones also are resourceful in helping you get to places because cell phones have GPS to help people get where they need to go. Even though cell phones are useful in so many ways, people use them while driving and that is dangerous for the driver and for the passengers in the car, if there are any, but also for the pedestrians outside on the street and fro other drivers.

Drivers that text and drive or just look at their phone in general while operating their vehicle make it dangerous for other drivers and pedestrians. Drivers should not be able to use their phones at all in any capacity while operating a vehicle because it is unsafe and you can hurt not just yourself but other people as well. So many deaths have occurred because people have texted while driving a vehicle and they hurt people or even cause a death because they were paying attention to their phone instead of paying attention to the road. As a matter of fact, teens are the age group that looks at their phone while driving, not all teens do, because they grew up with technology and they take their phone wherever they go.

Teens today are distracted by their phones because they want to see what their friends are doing or what a certain celebrity is doing and it is safe if they are doing that at home but if they are looking at their phone weather it is looking at social media or texting a friend while driving that is unsafe for everyone around them. Teens should not be able to use their phones while driving or even operate a vehicle if they know they are going to look at their phone at some point. Some teens will tell you that they know how to drive while using their phone at the same time or they would probably even tell you that they have been looking at their phone while driving for so long that they have not been in an accident, but even if that is the case those teens should not be able to drive because as stated so many times now, it is unsafe to text/ look at your phone while operating a vehicle because it is unsafe. On the other hand, you may look at your phone to help you out instead of letting your phone distract you while driving a vehicle.

One exception, even though it is still dangerous, that you can look at your phone for not too long is if you are using your GPS to help you get to your destination. On everyone's phone there is a GPS app and a lot of people use that to their advantage to help them get to where they want to be if they have never been there before or even the opposite if they are somewhere that they have never been before they can use their GPS to help them guide them back home. Furthermore, using your GPS while driving is still dangerous because you are taking your eyes off of the road, even if it is only for a few seconds, it is still dangerous even though your using your GPS to help you out to get to your destination. Ultimately, using your phone while operating a vehicle is dangerous even if you are using your GPS to your benefit to help you out, it is still dangerous.

In conclusion, texting while driving or just looking at your phone in general is dangerous for not only you and the passengers in car but also for the people outside of the car and for the other drivers. Phones are useful for so many things like downloading games or watching videos but drivers should not be able to use that phone in any capacity. So many deaths have occurred because people have looked at their phone while driving but the age group that uses their phone and look at their phone while driving are teens because they want to text a friend or check on their social media; one exception, even though it is still dangerous, is using the GPS on your phone to help you get to your destination. To summarize, drivers should not be able to use their phones while operating a vehicle.

PROPER_NAME              