When you are faced with a problem or a situation that you have to decide what to do, how do you pick the right choice? Would you come up with one your self and just choose that or would you have an idea but seek others opinions first before acting. Whichever one you are, Im here to tell you the advantages of seeking others opinions first before acting out.

The first thing your wondering might be why seeking others opinion's helps. Well you would get more opinions of something that your unsure about. You could also get feedback on your choice to truly decide if it is right or not. But if we are talking about getting others opinions in writing than, they could see errors and spelling problems that maybe you don't catch or the computer doesn't catch. Finally, to appeal to more people, you could tweak your writing based on other people's opinions to include more thoughts.

The outcome of receiving other opinions towards your actions are, you'll be more reflective and relate able towards other people. Meaning, you'll be able to agree and converse about more topics rather than just being self centered. Your writing includes multiple ideas and personalities in your writing. Lastly, your choices are changed based on other people because you will think,

what would so and so think if they were in my shoes right now.

Your mental and physical health also are affected by the opinions of others. For instance, when deciding in the future you will lean to other people or think about what someone else would do before deciding what is right. When talking about more physical health rather than mental health, you will act more considerately and thoughtful around others instead of selfishly.

The affects of this could be that your taking in others ideas so you will tend to consider them in similar incidents when you have to choose either the right or the wrong. You might also act more thoughtful too others because you learn their opinions which might change your overall mindset. All of this leading too you being a better person in general and giving you a thoughtful and more considerate mindset rather than a selfish and self-centered one. So the take away is that it doesn't take much to broaden your mindset and make you a better person, you just need to think of others maybe a little more than you used too.