Why It Should be Required for Students to Partake in an Extracurricular Activity

Should students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity?

Yes, they should.

Doing activities that aren't required have many benefits. Just some of those benefits are good for the brain, represent your school in different ways than just your grades, and get to know some teachers better than you already did.

It's also just fun.

Many studies have shown that sports or other activities can help the brain or mind in many ways.

It can help by distracting it from stress.

Another way it could help is by developing parts of the brain or educating it in a different way than "normal".

For example, if the extracurricular activity you participated in was playing an instrument, that has been proven to educate the brain in different places and that person could be very intelligent.

Next, you can represent your school in other ways then just your grades.

For example, if your sports team wins a championship game you and your other teammates could be in the newspaper or on television wearing the schools jerseys.

If you get clothes with the activity you participate in and schools name on it, that is another way to represent.

When people see your team or group they might tell people how good you were.

When schools are represented in a good way you may get rewarded for it.

Lastly, you could get to know teachers better.

Most of the coaches are also teachers.

When students are in class teachers teach you about a certain subject, but when your at a sports practice or instrumental rehearsal you get to know them in a different way.

You both have something you are excited about doing in common.

Students dont necessarily "love" to learn, so they aren't as energetic during school as they would be during something they enjoy.

In conclusion, yes it's a great thing to participate in extracurricular activities.

It develops young people's brains, shows what your school is all about, and get closer with some teachers.

There are many, many more reasons but these are most relevant.

When deciding if it should be required or not please consider these important reasons.