So, you think that this face on mars, was made by an Alien? Well you thought wrong. There are many reasons why this was not made by an alien. It could be the formation of the land on mars or spacerocks hit it, or it could even be something from inside mars. You dont always know. But Im going to explain why.

Scientist have already went up and discovered this face on Mars because at one time, a lot of people though it was a face made by aliens. Everyone was so excited to see pictures and everything. But some of the information in this article thinks otherwise. In paragraph 7 in this article, it explains how Michael Malin, flew over mars and captured sharper pictures of this "face. " But it soon revealed that it was not made by Aliens, it was just a natural lanform and there was no Alien Monuments.

A lot of people were dissapointed, but like I said anything could of happend. The people from NASA took a bunch of pictures and did a lot of tests on it and the picture pretty much said the same thing all along. Plus, Aliens were alive 1000 years ago, if that and so why would people think that they would choose mars, out of all the other planets, and burry an alien in Mars, and it all the sudden show back up. Now do you really think this is true? Now I think it is just a formation in land like the article said.

In the article, some people think that the Alien markings were hidden by haze. Thats a logical reason but I still dont think it is realistic enough. If the haze did not show up in the picture that they took, how could they of not saw it. Plus the Article says that the picture that was most recently took, the lenses on the camera was 10 times sharper and better than the photos that the Vikings photo.

Near the end of the Article it talks about how they even went back again that was even better than the 2 pictures before and that zoomed in so you could see every little detail. Then again it came back with the same results. It was a land formation. They think that it was just a lava dome and has the same formation.

So with all of fthat information I think it is pretty reasonable to say that there was no Aliens on Mars and there deffinataly is not a face from them. This could happen on any other planet to. All along it was just a land formation. At the beggining of the Article I also thought that it was a face from the Aliens too but then I went through the article and there is no possible way. Land forms on its own. So with that being said I guess mars formed with a face on it. Plus rocks and stuff could of made the indents in the face to make it look like eyes.

I hope that was a agreeable argument that aliens were never on mars and proably will never be again.  