Ever been stuck in a bad situation or problem? Had someone ever gave some advice? It's helpful than some people think. Others giving advice can help the situation or problem much faster and easier. Taking advice from others can help tremendously because the person who is taking the advice gains support and wisdom, others with more experience can offer good advice, and it helps the person explore different perspectives on the situation or problem.

Taking advice from others can help tremendously because the person who is taking the advice gains support and wisdom. When others give advice, they either had experience or maybe read and or researched about it. Either way they would have probably still given reasonable insight that might help the person who needs it. They're spreading their wisdom and support to the person they are helping. Maybe the person didn't have as much wisdom as say, their parents have. Then while receiving the advice, they are also learning the rights and wrongs of either the situation or maybe other situations too.

Taking advice from others can help tremendously because others with more experience can offer good advice.

It is very helpful to talk to people who had or are still having experiences with the problem or situation. They probably have the best advice to handle it. They don't even need to have the same exact problems. They could all have different situations but know how to handle them equally. They're smart and brave and their words will reflect that.

Taking advice from others can help tremendously because it helps the person explore different perspectives on the situation or problem. Instead of just listening to them self or just taking one person's advice, the person who needs the help should talk to multiple people on their opinions. Even if they don't have experience on it, it is still always great to include lots of different perspectives because it makes their view of things more diverse and special. It helps the person see things differently and react or take care of situations better.

In the end, taking advice from others is not a bad thing at all. It helps people open up their minds, handle different situations better and overall act and be a better person. It's great to take advice from other and learn from others. Never just ignore their words and support, because they truly care and want to help. 