Nowadays, there is one sure thing we depend on to go from Point A to Point B: cars. Cars are used everywhere to drive to work, school, a park or wherever it may be. However, the total amount of automobiles moving out in the streets consumes up too much gas. This gas being released causes smog, or air pollution, that is harmful to our atmosphere & is one of the main causes of global warming. Next, the elimination of cars improves the safety of pedestrians and people wandering on the roads which has indeed prevented people from dying in countries like Colombia and France.

To begin with, when people are driving cars for whatever it may be, they are unintentionally harming the economy. This happens because cars run off of gasoline and when a car is accelerating, the gas is being burned by the motor engine which after is released into the air. Smog is produced being one of the top causes for global warming & this is an exceedingly problematic effect to the atmospherical being of humans and space. Moreover, Paris has reinforced a temporary driving ban due to these long-term, harmful effects to clear the air of the global city. If drivers refuse to obey, they would get fined 22 euros and up to 4,000 drivers were fined. They were blaming diesel fuel although, after five days of intensifying smog, congestion drastically dropped 60% competing against Beijing, known as one of the most polluted cities in the world.

In addition, the elimination of cars in the streets has benefited society in a way that it keeps people safe. As various countries around the world face the risk of car accidents, innocent deaths, lack of resources, and car commuting, they beign to enact laws to try & stop these risky, dangerous downfalls from happening. In the suburbs located within Germany, residents of Vauban are pioneers doing what commuting executives have never done before: giving up their cars. This happens since street parking and driveways aren't allowed altough the streets are "car-free", a couple are found at the edge of a community as well as the tram running down Freiburg. Plus, without an abundant amount of automobiles anymore, cities become more loose and flow therefore providing a better walking path.

To conclude, cars on the streets may be efficient for people to get to places easily and rapidly, but the substances it releases is harmful to the environment. Smog and air pollution are formed when cars drive greatly contributing to global warming, because they consume up too much gas. Furthermore, not only does it cause air pollution, but it also creates a possibility of putting people's lives in danger by the factors that might affect the consciousness of a driver. So the eliminating of cars does the community good both physically and economically like it is practiced in Vauban, Paris, and Bogota.    