Dear principle,

I think that P.E. should be allowed to anyone even if they do not have a B in that area. P.E. is about having fun and exercising at the same time. If students have a C in that class, then it doesn't matter, its maybe because of not turning in their work. If you don't le student do P.E. then it could lead to obesity, not active in appearance and knowledge, and also in eating right too.

If you don't let student have P.E at school then it could led to obesity. Sure some students don't like P.E but at least they try to participate because teachers help them. students will think oh we have a C in P.E so we cant participate! Wrong, if they don't participate then what are they going to be doing they will be sitting down and just watching or doing work. Sitting down and not being active can be dangerous to you and your health.

If students don't do P.E then what are they going to do. Every student that are in Junior High Schools, at least have one period when they do P.E or some sort of activity. kids our age need to be active and energized because of all the amount of things we do in school and it gets stressful. if we don't have P.E all because of our grades then we wont be that active. P.E stands for physical education, not sitting down all day and doing work. being active allows students mind to be open and thinking because they have a break and able to get a break from learning. If students aren't active then they wont look good because of their weight and also the amount of learning they have been getting and no break. they will be weak and wont be able to think we will be like zombies, just staring of into space!

P.E is important for our minds to work.

P.E is also important in eating right. Kids will think that oh i have P.E at school i can pull of the extra pounds if i run. they don't realize what grade they have in that class. If they don't exercise in school then where else are they going to? once they get started on junk food they wont be able to stop. They will look bad, weigh more than they use to, and be more weaker. they wont be able to do it at school, all because they don't have a B in that class.

Although parents think that this idea is appropriate because, they think oh well my kid has soccer practice or basketball practice or they can play at nutrition by basketball or football, there is no problem he/she will get their exercise there. What they don't know is that student loose most of their weight at school, because of P.E, it does activities that you don't normally do at home or at a team. in school you do weight room, Frisbee, running, soccer, strength exercises. there are a lot of fun things that are fun and help you in your health.

For these three reason, have p. e

Just because of      