In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author makes sure the reader knows how much of a 'challenge' a trip to Venus could be. Despite this challege, the auther suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit and may soon be in our future.

Venus is one of the brightest points of light in the sky and the second closest planet to the sun. Venus is nickmaed the "Evening Star" becasue of its incredible light that even "an amateur stargazer" could easily spot. Venus is a mezmerizing planet that witholds many adventures, many that NASA has tried to complete but failed.

Venus is often reffered to as Earth's "twin" as it is the most similar to

Earth in terms of density and size. Not to mention that because of its speed, sometimes Venus is the closest planet to Earth. Because of Venus' 'close-ness', there have been many missions and spacecrafts sent to Venus in order to try to explore the planet despite the dangers. Every mission to Venus has been unmanned because of Venus's reputation of being inhospitable.

Venus has many extreme conditions that make it very challenging to explore. A fraction of these challenges include a "thick 97 percent carbon dioxide blanket that makes up Venus' atmosphere, clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid, over 800 degree heat, an atmopheric pressure 90 times greater that what humans are used to on Earth, erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning storms."

All of these challenges would make anyone run away from ever trying to explore Venus, but the author mentions thst making this exploratory trip to Venus would provide incredible insight into what our "twin" planet has to offer.

Many scientists and astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may have once been "the most Earth-like planet in the Solar System". Venus was most likely covered in oceans that very well could have supported many forms of life. In addition to this, some of Venus' features vastly remain analogous to those of Earths. These features include "a surface of rocky sediment, valleys, mountains, and craters."

The author suggest that Venus would be a worthy pursuit despite the dangers, and they are not alone. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has been experimenting with how they could possibly send humans to go and study Venus. One of NASA's solutions for surviving the dangerous, hostile conditions is allowing scientists to float approximatly 30 miles over Venus' landscape.

This is not a 100 percent reliable solution as the temperature would still be a roaring 170 degrees Fahrenheit. On the other hand, being 30 miles above Venus would offer a much better air pressure close to that of sea level on Earth. Though it seems impossible, a trip to Venus very well may be in our future as these conditions are indeed survivable for humans.

NASA's other possible approaches include simplified electronics. These simplified electronics are made of silicon carbide and have been repeatedly tested in chambers that simulate Venus' chaotic conditions on its surface.

Another possible solution takes a trip down memory lane with old technologoy called mechanical computers. These mechanical computers were first envisioned in the 1800s and were key during the 1940s in World War ll. The mechanical computer makes calculations by using gears and levers and do not require any form of electronics like the modern day computer.

These devices would allow high exposure to Venus' harsh conditions without having to risk the equiptment or lives needed to get the kind of information that would be very valuable. Mordern technology would not survive a trip to Venus like these new-old machines can. Modern computers are extreme in cases of power, flexibility, speed, and looks, but would never dream to see a day on Venus. Modern technology tends to be more delicate while "systems that use mechanical parts can be made more resistant to pressure, heat, and other forces."

The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" prove these dangerous challenges are nothing against the value of the worthy pursuit to Venus. If NASA were to send a successful mission to Venus, we would gain an abundence of insight from the planet and the journey to get to Venus. Not to mention the wonders of human curiosity that lead us into making many more equally intimidating adventures into space travel.

The author explains that "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts, but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." If humans are able to persevere through the many challenges of a mission to Venus, the dangers would hardly compare to the knowledge and experience gained from such an adventure.