Wouldn't be neat if you could do all your school work while being in bed? School is a place where you can learn and grow as a person; however, learning at home can actually help students out. Students would benefit from being able to take classes from home(distance learning) because certain events happen that make it so students cannot go to school, students learn at their own pace, and they are more accountable for their learning experience and process.

There are events that occur that prevents students from being able to come to school. For example, people get sick all the time. This prevents them from coming to school because if what they have is contagious, then it will affect everyone around them. The worst part is that people force themselves to come to school with sicknesses because of the level of classes they are taking. There are many AP classes that students take, and they cannot afford to miss that class for even one second; otherwise, their grade in the class may drop. The better alternative is for the student to stay home and get better without having to miss their classes. This is where distance learning comes in. If the student is not feeling too terrible, he/she can also complete the assignments and understand the topic without having to miss out on anything.

Everyone learns at their own pace, so paces vary from student to student. Many teachers don't recognize this and think that every student is the same when it comes to learning. In reality, everyone absorbs knowledge in any different ways. Assuming that distance learning includes video conferences and "Google classroom" type system, then students can almost learn anything they want with whatever pace they want to learn it at. This is could because if a student can really take their time and fully understand the topic they are learning, this will result in them having this information in their head for longer. It also makes sense that passing rates for the class and standardized

It is fair to argue that being at home reduces your attention span, and that you are more likely to get distracted at home then you are at school; however being home provides a more relaxing tone to studying then when you are at school. Also, at school teachers may forget something, so you are not fully accountable. You are one hundred percent accountable for everything you do if everything is given to you online. This prepares students for college life. There will not be anyone in college to help keep you on track. Everything is up to you, which makes you one hundred percent accountable. In a way, you could say that distance learning is a real life simulation of what to expect from college in terms of learning.

Distance learning provide many benefits for students. We must try to implement this system as it will truly be revolutionary for us students. Students will develop a skill that will help them in college, students will be able to not miss any content if something happens so that they cannot go to school, and they will fully grasp the idea of whatever content they are learning. The Board of Education should really consider applying this to our current school system.