Have you ever thought what it would be like to get behind the wheel and not have to drive? Well in this day and age that might be a very real possibility. Technology is getting more and more advanced these days and car companies are working on cars that drive themseleves. I believe that would be very cool to have a car that could drive on it's own for the most part at least. Google has made cars that are mostly driverless except when you have changing road conditions such as construction or an accident. These cars work pretty good too. It's been tested and has driven over a half a million miles accident free.

I think driverless cars could be very beneficial because say your out drinking or you can't drive for some reason this car could take you home instead of having to call a cab or someone to pick you up. Also the could be used to teach people how to drive. You can put them behind the wheel and just let them get a feel of what it's like to have your hands on the wheel and feel the car turn and drive.

Other potential uses for a driverlees car could be preventing accidents. They could make cars with such good reaction time that it would stop before a human could possibly do it. I mean the car may need help with stuff like pulling in and out of driveways, but it can do stuff that most have trouble doing like parallel parking.

Before they allow these cars out on the road first they have to get rid of some of the laws and regulations about driverless automobiles. Like if a driverless vehicles is in an accident who's fault is it? The car owner or the company that made the car? These kind of things need to be sorted out before they can start allowing these vehicles on the street.

I think driverless cars will eventually become allowed on roads and highways everywhere. But it might take awhile to finish some of the issues and concerns with the cars and the laws. But eventually people will get asked how they got to work or school instead of saying they drove they will say my car drove me.    