Dear Principal,

What you see is what you get.

With teenagers nowadays, we have all of this new technology we take advantage of.

We always have our faces plastered to our cell phones and computers, and we sometimes forget to stop and appreciate the simple and beautiful things in life.

As a teenager who just recently was able to text, I feel in love with it.

In fact, I was obsessed with it.

Always spending my free time looking at the screen of my phone instead of spending time where it counts.

Hours after hours of countless messages going in and coming out of my phone.

Before you know it, I've wasted all of my messages for the month and haven't started my homework for the night.

And it seems like there is no time left.

I feel as if you should not allow students to have cell phones with them at all.

Cell phones are also a trap for cyber-bullying.

How many stories have you heard on the news about how a girl and her best friend made up a rumor about a not as popular girl, and in the end, the girl takes her life.

Do you really want that to happen right under your nose, and the school could possibly have charges put on them in legal fees for something a student did while on school grounds.

We've all heard the stories, but none of us are worried it could happen to someone in any place.

I feel that if you allow students to have their phones with them for times such as free period or lunch, no work will get done.

It is supposed to be study hall, not "text OTHER_NAME what your wearing tomorrow" time.

Cell phones suck you in like a black hole.

Trust me, I learned the hard way.

All I know is that its hard to pull away from something that enables you to talk to your "BFF" all the time with a quick message.

I also think that if you do pass the rule, allowing students to have cell phones with them for certain periods but not for academics, is not such a good plan.

We're teenagers, we do whatever we can to get what we want.

If you allow us to have cell phones on us for lunch, we don't want to put our phones away.

Some of us are just too lazy but others will say, "We were allowed to have them with us a couple minutes ago." or "I'm not finished with my conversation with OTHER_NAME."

Its hard to stop, and school should not be the place to start.

If you allow teens to have cell phones in school, it is a recipe for disaster.

Things will start to go awry and school will not be the way school was intended to be.

Not a social network for friends, but a safe environment where children can get a quality education.

I don't think texting lies and hurtful things to someone else is safe.

Do you?

Cell phones are something teenagers always have.

School doesn't need to be a place where students don't pay attention.

We are here to learn, and that is what I intend to dYou must not allow any students to have cell phones in school at all.