What would be the best way for students to continue learning over the break teacher-designed or student-designed projects? In my opinion,teacher-designed projects would be the best way for students to continue learning over the break. The teachers have many assignments they can give to the students over the break. They also know would be best for their students. The teachers will assign something that will be beneficial to the students.

Initially,these summer projects should be teacher-designed because it will give the teacher a good look while they are helping the students expand their mind. It shows how much they care for their students to design them a project for them. The teacher will be helping the students grasp their knowledge while their on break. The project the teacher designed will increase their intelligence and challenge their minds.

Most importantly,teachers know what is best for their students. They already been through school,learned graduated,and earn their degrees. They will give us projects that will keep our minds fresh and stimulated For example,my teacher was named Mr. Generic_Name teaches Biology my tenth grade year. He teaches Biology class second block. He gave me a five page packet over my summer break. It was about some lessons I really didn't understand in his class. It really helped me out the next year i was the top kid in class because of the packet he designed for me.

However that might be the case but,If the projects were student-designed they could design a project that is about their weak points to work on them..Also,if the students create the projects it showed how creative they are and how much they care about their education. They will also get the opportunity to create projects they'll enjoy doing and still get a good lesson from it. For example,Generic_Name designed his project on his game system now, he get to play the game and do his work at the same time. Although,some students might be too busy or not even take the time to design one. If the teacher already have the project designed that all they have to do is take the time to do it.

In total,teacher-designed projects will allow the students to continue learning over their break. It will also give the teachers the change to show the societty how much they care about their students. Teachers know what is the best way for their students to grasp in knowledge while they are not at school. If the projects was created by your teacher it is some to help you. Teacher-designed projects are the way to be insure that your students will continue learning over break.                