Although online school would we a good convenient way to learn while still being at home, taking classes in a school would be easier for teachers to manage. Online courses, even with the technology we currently possess would still be a hard task to complete and manage. Furthermore, some students dont have the type of financial stability to afford high end devices to power such a complicated task, even if the government buys all the devices, it would cost way more than to have a school built due to the fact that so many devices in the hands of students would require constant maintenance. Also with the recent strikes of teachers in the the previous months, setting more responsibilities on teachers would only create more tension between the wages of educators and their responsibilities that they not to fulfill.

Using myself as an example, I could not be in my house all day because teens cannot be confined into one area of the house, schools offer the space to handle it, students can study work and move freely around in a classroom without being tied to one area. Also, having more technology control our lives constantly meddles with our social life, we keep limiting social interaction which is a very important part of our lives, being around and talking to people is a great way to deal with mental issues like depression and social anxiety. Also, online courses cannot offer extracurricular activities which gives students an ample amount of new experiences which colleges are looking for, if we all have the same school material than colleges cannot find students who shine and that offer more than the common teen. In other words changing our current schooling method could set other thing to change for the worse.

One other big flaw with online schooling is that we already have millions of dollars in our current school system, switching or adding online schools would only solve a non existent problem and it would only place us deeper in the debt of our government. While online schools would help our impaired citizens, that could be easily overruled by the fact that we can easily make a new classroom in our current schools that offer extra help to impaired students. what makes internet school a poor choice is the many variables that could cause online classrooms to fail, the internet might go down, the power shuts off, technical issue that might cause you to miss school for a few days and, weather conditions that might interfere with the connection.

Finally, we cannot let technological advances take over our lives because ultimately we still need to have some sort of control over programs. While it is acceptable to have some sort of technology to help us make our lives easier, we cannot just lay back and let it do the everything. Our current schooling system has barely any flaws in it so there should be no reason to replace a good system that we have created. Instead of trying to create a new solution we should just make it easier on ourselves and improve on what we already have.