People have been driving themsleves since the early 1900s, and have done just fine.

Today cars have gotten much more advanced.

We have cars that can reach 250mph compared to back in the day the top speed on some cars was only 35mph.

We have cars that can brake on their own to stop a crash, but cars that can drive themselves sounds unreasonable.

It sounds too exspensive, and unsafe.

The driverless car seems to be unsafe.

The car uses sensors to detect its sourondings, those sensors are on the top of the car.

What would happen if something where to hit the sensors and break them.

The car could respond in a dangerous way and go off the road and crash.

The cars we have today are safer as long as the driver follows the laws of the road.

Cars today have been getting safer and safer for the driver.

The strive to be safer has become one of the main priorities for car manufactures.

The google car has so many electical features that are on the outside of the car and are most certainly water proof, but if it cracks and water getis into the eletrical parts the car would not function properly.

That would become a hazard to the people inside of the car.

This car sounds outragously exspensive!

Cars today are already exspensive, but a car that can drive itself sounds even more costly.

Everything that gets put into that car has to be exspensive.

This car has every advanced peice of technology on it.

The best computers out there today cost over 2,500 dollars!

For that much money people can go out and a buy beater car.

Today some people need a car like this, but may not be able to aford it.

People that are disabled already have medical bills and insurance to pay for.

A Google car would most likey triple the price of a good car in today's market, and nobody wants to pay that much money.

Eventhough there are many possible problems of the Google car, there are a few positives.

It could really help those who are disabled and are unable to drive a car.

Since the advancemet of the driverless car it could be very benifical to those who can't drive.

My grandma could use a car like this, because she struggles with driving and tends to get into a lot of fender benders.

However cars like this should not be made until they show that it can operate properly under any circumstance and any weather.     