The use of this technology to read students emotional expressions is not very valuble. No one can read emotions like teachers and peers can. If a student is confused or needs help they can simply ask for it, theres no need for a computer to tell what they need help with.

When some people are working on assignments on they often use trial and error and sometimes they just need to think about the problem before they do it. This could get confusing for the computer because when your thinking you often will look confused or you might be confused but later figure it out. You shouldnt have to rely on a computer to tell how your feeling to get help. Dr. Huang said "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored... Then it could modify the lesson, Like an effective human instructor." This ay sound like a good idea but if a student is getting bored they dont need there lesson modified to help them and most kids are going to be bored during school thats just how the majority of students are.

One thing that would be extremly hard to control would be when kids make weird or strange faces. How will a computer distinguish between an emotion due to the lesson and emotion due to something else. Like when a student is talkling to there friend and they laugh or smile. A student could also try to look bored or confused on purpose just to get out of doing certain work. Another big issue is the fact that not every students facial features are the same. One students face could look way different from the faces that the software the computer was built to recognize.

The last reason as to why this wont be a very popular tool in classrooms is because most school computers dont have cameras and wont be able to afford them or the software needed to run the programe. Of course they could get special fuding for the equipment but theres way better things that money could go towards to help the students excel in more ways then on a computer.

Its a very interesting idea but theres just way to many issues involved with it that wont allow it to takwe off like they invision. Its also just not anything that holds much value to schools If a student needs help they ask a computer cant tell what student needs better than a teacher can. It could be used for private use or maybe for something else but not in the education field.    