To the senator of the state of Florida you have asked us to write a letter explaining why we believe in keeping the Electoral College and the answer to that is no we should not how many votes have gone to waste because of this unfair system? and wasn't the United States a democratic country? we as citizens deserve to atleast pick who runs our country, By having this system you are not giving us the right to vote if you think about it, like Bob Dole once said "Abolish the Electoral College!".

I believe, that this way of running presidential elections should be thought about more. You do realize people stand HOURS not a couple minutes or 20 minutes hours waiting and thinking that they are going to actually pick the president they believe this country needs when in reality you are actually picking electors that may or may not help you elect the president that you picked. "What is the Electoral College" By the Office of the Federal Register explains in detail much more about the electoral college and like he said "You help choose your state's electors when you vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors." We as citizen should have the right to pick our leader the one that will help us overcome our problems not some candidates.

For instance, Let's take the 2000 Gallup poll also called the "Biggest election crisis in a century" by  Bradford Plumer in his story "The indenfensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong" Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency all together and we found that out thanks to the quirks of the electoral college. Do you imagine how many presidents that must have happened to? it is like when you are first place in a race your close to the finish line, you can feel your legs givng up on you but you don't stop you keep going because you know your gonna win after all you are the first one, you're so close your about to step on the line when boom! the person that was behind you caught up and well.. you lost. Can you imagine how many votes have just gone to waste and how many hours in peoples days.

However, Some of our best presidents have gotten picked by the Electoral College there is no doubt in that. But it still does not change the fact that its an unfair system, the story by Richard A. Posner "In defense of the electoral college:Five reasons to keep our despised the method of choosing the President" explains that "As we saw in 2012 elections.. Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign-- to really listen to the competing candidates--knowing that they are going to decide the election." What he is saying is thta basically some states do not even have billboards! how are we suppose to feel like citizens when you don't give us atleast a poster to know who is running for president? The big states get the most candidates ofcourse so basically, one states could decide who wins. The system has UNFAIR written all over it and we are all just waiting for you to see it.

In the end, It is the congress decision, But we do hope you look at these letters and realize how this is taking our rights away, how many votes have not even counted, and how selfish the whole system is. I do hope you take in my letter into consideration and decide the best decision for us. But please do remember that Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, The U.S Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO said " Abolish the Electoral College!".             