A person is not always right about something. That's why you should ask more than one person the same question for the best advice. You will know when you got the best advice when you are getting the same answer. For example if you ask a man for directions to get to Walmart and he say take a left. Then you ask two more people and they say take a right. You will most likely take a right because more people told you to take a right then left. Getting answers from multiple people can help you make a better decision.

People always need advice, but they are most likely to ask a person they trust. That person could give them the wrong advice.

For example, you tell your friend that you need money now and he tells you to go rob a bank. Then you had got caught robbing the bank, now you are in prison for the rest of your life because you only ask for advice from one person. But if you had asked more people for advice they would of told you to apply for a better job or get a part time job. One person is not always right about a certain thing, but an other person could know the answer to your question your asking. Thats why you got to ask multiple people to get the best answer.

You don't always ask other people for advice because you think they are wrong. You could ask them for advice about what not to do on a date and they could both be right, but hsve diffrent answers. For example, one person tell you to never eat fast on a date and someone else tells you to never talk with food in your mouth. Then your date goes perfectly. But if you only had ask the first person for advice then you would have been talking with food in your mouth. Then your date could of went horrible. People experience stuff differently from the rest, so one thing could be their number one rule and someone else is totally different, but if you ask both of them then you will be more prepared then the both of them were.

You can also get advice to better understand something. People know more than each other. A person can be very good at math, but don't know how to fix a bike. Then the other other person can fix a bike, but not really that good at math. But you need help with your math homework and you need someone to teach you how to fix the chain on your bike. If you ask the person who good at math then you will only get your math homework done. If you ask the person who know how to fix a bike then you will only get your bike fixed. But If you ask bothof them, you will get both done.

People ask multiple people for advice so they can better understand or to do something the correct way and even to not make the mistake that they made. When you ask one person for advice they can only tell you what they know, but if you ask more people you could get information that the first person didn't give you. Asking more than one person could help you make the best decisions.                                                                                                        