Yes, I do think that students would benefit from learning online or by video conference. The reason being because it gives students a chance to choose how they wanna learn and which way works best for them. By giving students this opportunity, it could mostly likely engage students to learn. It gives them more then one option to choose from.

Many students around the world have probably been in a situation where they couldn't have one on one time with a teacher. Therefore, it caused them to do bad on a test/quiz or even fail. By giving students the option to video conference, it gives students a chance to ask more questions and to be more clear on things they don't understand. Everyone has a different pace on how they learn and process new information.

Another reason why it would be beneficial is because some students are born with disabilities or they can't walk as good. So for them it might be harder to get to places or even do anything. Which is why I think online classes are a good idea, because it doesn't allow them to do much. But they're still getting the same amount of education as someone who does go to school.

One of my last reasons are because of bullying. Bullying is one of the most common things to happen at school. The reasons people bully are because of how someone looks/dresses and if they're dumb or not. That being said, online classes are a good way for kids that get made fun of, to still get the same learning experience as others, just without the hurtful comments or actions.

I respect other peoples point of view by thinking they won't really benefit from anything. Because if you think about it, some students will take advantage and use it to their own power. Some students will go as far to cheating so they could have a good grade. Which at the end will be bad for them because they won't benefit from anything. However, they won't get to do school activities such as school dances, pep rallies and even get to watch sports games.

In conclusion, I think that students could really benefit from it, because it gives them an opportunity to try it out and see if it works for them. Some people might have there doubts, but overall it's a good option to have. 