Distance learning through video conferencing or online is a great benifit to students. It allows for any students who may be very ill for a long period of time to not fall behind anf stay caught up with other students. It also is great for people who may need to travel out of town, they would still be able to understand what is going on in their classes. Lastly, it allows student who's grandparents or parents need to be taken care of to stay home and take care of their gardeiens, while staying up to date with their education. Distance learning is a great way for students going through hard times, making it difficult for them to get to school, to stay caught up with their classes. If distance learning was not available, it would make education very difficult for those who have health promblems or home problems. Education is ver important in our country, it keeps people from being homeless and help our country industrialize even more. When people do not get a good education that can be adaptable to their lifestylr, often times it can end up in homelessness and great a more rigid class structure.

Homelives are not the same for everyone, some people come from a home where they are very well taken care of and do not have to worry about their financial situation, however other people come from homes where as a teenager you must work and help provide for your family. When you have to help provide for your family, it makes school much more difficult and often time those teens will drop out of highschool to keep their families alfloat. By offereing ditance learning, you give teenager who have to provide for their family a better aducation and a greater chance to graduate from highschool. Distance learning gives teens the oppertunity to gain their education and credits to graduate from home, where they can still help take care of loved ones who may not be able to go out and get a job or care for themselves.

Illnesses or injuries can tear someone up and completly ruin their passsion for education, as well as make it difficult for them to attend school. Offering students distance learning lets them stay caught up in school, whether it be from homw or even a hospital bed. I personally have retained many injuries and a few illnesses and it has made it very difficult to come to school and still be able to have enough energy to come home and get my work down. As an junior, I decided to take three AP classes and only one elective per semester which is difficult even before you add injuries, personal problems, and Mono to it. Previously this year I found out I had Mono, I was tired all the time, barely had enough energy to do anything, had an awful rash, and just wanted to stay in bed all day. However, I could not stay in bed all day for three months and knew I had to go to school, even if it prolonged the illness. If I had been offered distance learning through video conferencing, I would have been able to stay to date on everything, and my grades would not have flucuated like they did. Offering distance learning give people who cannot attend school due to illnesses and injuries to stay caught up on their school work and understand what is going on in those classes. Not only does it give these teenagers a chance to learn freely at home and stay healthy, but it will also help keep their grades good keep them from flucuating.

Many students often miss school to travel out of town, whether it's for a wedding, funeral, vacation, or their parents job, they all still miss school. If video conferencing is offered, it will keep these students up to date and everything will still get turned in on times, because they are not missing their classes. It will keep more students in class and keeppeople from getting behind on work. Although, some kids might try to take advantage of this and try to skip school, they will still have to attend the video conferencing to get credit for being at school and attending class, so these students will not be missing anything.

Distance learning is a great opertunity to keep more students in school, keep their grades up, and offer better oppertuntires for those who cannot attend school due to their homelife. By offering this type of learning, you adapt to your students way of life, hepl improve your education school, and give out many oppertunities and chances for teenagers who often times are not offered a second chance or imporovements to what they are going through. DIstance learning will help better your community, and give more people the opertunity for a great education. When people are educated, it leads to a better lifestyle for future generations. Help improve the future by jumping on the bandwagon and offering distance learning.