The author of this story uses a lot of information about exploring Venus. He writes about the history of Venus and the dangers of travling there too. But, is it really worth sending people to Venus if they are just going to die ?

The author talks about the dangers of going to Venus very well. He inculdes that the atmosphere is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide and the clouds are highly corrosive sulfuric acid. He also says the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on earth. That type of environment would crush a submarine, which are meant to dive into the deepest parts of earth's oceans. The one thing the author does well is he covers all of the dangers of going to Venus. Even thought he is trying to convince the reader that it's a good idea to explore Venus.

The one thing the author does not write about is how much all of this is going to cost and who is going to pay for it. The one thing people care about is money and if the author is trying to convince someone to make this happen they are most likely going to want to know how much this would cost. If people who pay their taxes are going to end up paying for this I don't think people would be to happy. Most likely a trip to Venus would cost more than when NASA went to the moon. Other than the author not talking about the cost, he covers everything else pretty well.

The author also talks about how NASA is trying to figure out new projects and using old porjects to get to Venus. He says that scientists are making simplified electronics made of silicon carbide to be tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venu's surface and have lasted for three weeks in these conditions. I think the reason the author gives you this information is because he wants you to think that there are other people who want to explore Venus as well. Another project the author talks about is scientists looking back at old technology called mechanical computers. He says that these mechanical computers would be better than the new computers because the new ones are very frail and can't be under rough conditions. But the old computers are not frail and can be put into rough conditons, such as Venus's rough conditions.

The author supports his idea about going to Venus very well. His idea would be better though if he added some information about how much it would cost to go to Venus. He did have a lot of infromation on the new projects that NASA was developing and how dangerous it was to travel to Venus as well. Other than not having the costs this was a pretty intresting article and well developed. 