I believe that students attending school from home will benefit for many different reasons. Students who experience anxiety attacks, depression, bullying, or just not being able to attend school for the day will find great use in online school, they can connect with their classes or teachers without being in school and not have to miss out on important information or work. Students are able to be in a safe environment at home if they do not feel comfortable in school.

Furthermore, students with anxiety or depression may have a harder time going through out the school day then their peers. For example, my girlfriend who has very often panic attacks, dislikes attending her current school. She was a new transfer student to the school and was also new to the school itself. She found it hard to not have anybody to go to and vent during the school day which causes her to stress and have anxiety. Moreover, she gets very often panic attacks during the day which makes her not want to come to school more often. She finds it easier and safer to stay at home. When ever we're on the phone over face time, she's always doing her class work that she takes home to complete. She's a hardworking student and always does her work but because of the environment she's in, it limits her on what she is capable of.

Not only that it would help students feel secure, but for the students who are sick for the day and cannot attend school, wouldn't have to miss out on important information or work. For example; there are days where I just feel weak and tired but I wouldn't want to miss a review day for a major test the next class. If there was online school, I would be able to connect with my teacher and the classes from home where I feel comfortable. Also, my mom wouldn't have to worry that i'm failing my classes because i'm not showing up to them. I believe that other students would agree with me on this argument because almost everyone I know, wishes they could attend school from home.

Moreover, adults might not have knowledge of this, but let me tell you; there is a lot of drama and rumors in every high school. No matter where it is, the policies it has, the advances of the students, there is drama. And drama is one major factor on why students wishes to attend school at home. Just Imagine the advances of our present civilization if there was no drama at school, and no have you heard this or have you heard that. Drama and rumors are big time distractions to daily school work and it peaks the interest of every student. By enabling online school, students dedicated to become scholars are able to take this distraction out of their equation. They can attend school without dealing with the big mouths talking up and down and all around the school.

Overall, distance learning has a very good impact on the students. Students feel safer at home, and when they are sick or cannot attend school for they day, they wouldn't have to miss out on important information or work. Online school would be very beneficial for everyone.