The topic of driverless cars is highly debabated today, and will continue to be in the near future. Each side has many pros and cons that they can bring to the table but I believe that there is one argument that is bettere than the other. I believe that driverless cars would not serve a significant purpose in our society today for many reasons.

The name driverless goes to tell that a human would not need to operate the vehicle. This is not true, in fact driverless cars can not yet function without a human behind the wheel. These cars cannot handle driving in things like road construction or avoiding an accident. These cars can drive on the roads if traffic is not a big issue, or if there is not any construction or detours that need to be taken, but if you live in an area where these things are common, it would simply not be wroth your money to purchase one of these vehicles.

Another reason that i do not support driverless cars is that driving one of these cars could cause more accidents than there are right now. if the operator of the car is not paying attention to their surroundings, and the car cannot handle a certain situation an accident is almost certain to happen. Also, in the case of an accident that is caused by the technology, who is at fault, the driver or the car manufacturer? New laws wouold have to be implemented to solve daunting issues like these. Things like insurance companies would have to also adapt to these new cars hitting the road by devising new policies for the people that own a technologically advanced car like these.

Another reason that i am against driverless cars is that these cars could potentially take away thousands of jobs. If driverless cars can replace taxi drivers, thousands of people will be put out of work. These cars may be good for long road trips, but they are not as good as navigating big city traffic as a human is. Humans can make quick decsions and may be able to avoid these accidents. Plus, there is often road work being done, and can stretch on for miles, and humans can handle route changes and detours better than technology.

These are many reasons that humans are better suited to drive cars. Technology will continue to advance, and will get smarter, but will it be safe enough to use without someone overseeing it to make sure that no mistakes happen? This is why I believe that humans should continue to drive cars, and not technology.