I believe that the electoral college is an outdated system of voting, and that we should get rid of it. If we removed the electoral college, votes could be counted much quicker, and more accurately. Our system now is outdated, and needs to be replaced with something different.

The electoral college was established in a time where technology was very primitive, and votes had to be taken as a general consensus, because counting hundreds of thousands of votes would take a large amount of time and was impractical. In current time though, counting single votes is much faster and accurate than going through the process of the electoral college. A large poll could be taken that digitally stores the votes of citizens quickly and safely. The electoral college is not very accurate either. For example, as stated in source 2, Al Gore won the popular vote, but loss due to the way that the electoral college works. Many citizens feel as if their vote doesn't matter, because they aren't directly voting for a candidate, they're voting for electors that will vote for a candidate.

The thought that in a democracy, that the voting system that we use to pick our "leader" is a winner-take-all ideology is absurd. If we are to keep the electoral college, we must change the way that the electoral vote system works. We must change it so that it is no longer winner-take-all, and make it so that a certain percentage of votes goes the party that the vote is for. For example, if 50% of people voted for Romney, and 50% voted for Obama, we should split the electoral votes right down the middle, so that the amount of electoral votes a candidate gets reflects their popular vote. Many presidents focus on larger states, which is understandable due to the fact that they have more votes, but if we change the way that the votes work, the candidate that focuses on many smaller states can stand a chance in the election.

So as you can see, if we want our future presidents to be elected fairly, our voting system must change. Whether it is completely taking away the electoral college, or just changing the way that electoral votes are counted, there must be a change. I don't think that you want to see the candidate that you voted for to lose as Al Gore did back in 2000.                