When you give someone advice you want to give them the best advice you can, right? In my opinion you should give them the best advice you can and if you don't then they can go see someone different. I think that you should try to see multiple people for advice. You should get multiple people's advice because if you only get one person's advice then the information might be bias, what they are telling you might not be correct, and it might be bad advice.

The first reason you should get advice from more than one person is the information might be bias. It might be bias because if are only hearing it from one person and only being told what they want you to know. If you only get advice from one person then you will only know one side of the story and then you wont know if they are right or wrong.

If you get bias information then you might never know the truth or you might not know what actually happened. You shouldn't get bias information because you might not be correct and you might also not know the truth.

The second reason you should get more than one persons advice is that they might not be correct. It might not be correct because you didn't hear from more than one person so then you only know what they think is correct and that might be incorrect. It also might not be correct because you only know what they want you to know so then you cant be sure of what the truth actually is. Your information might be incorrect because you only heard from one person, you only know what they know, and they might not be telling the truth.

Finally, what one person is telling you might just be bad advice. Some time people don't give good advice because they want you to get in trouble or they don't like you. Their advice could be bad because they might not know any better. Their information might be wrong because they might not know better, they may not like you, or they might have been thought that it is the right way when it is actually the wrong thing to do.

In conclusion, if you don't get multiple people's opinions then the information might be bias, it could not be correct, and it may just be bad advice. I believe that getting multiple peoples advice is very important in making an important decision. I think that you should get different peoples information because one persons idea could be different than others might be  