When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. When I was younger I broke my mother's vase and I didnt know what to do so I asked a friend of mine and they told me to hide it. Once my mother found out I had lied and hidden the evidence she was much more angry with me. Getting multiple opinions is more helpful than just one. You should get more than one opinion because you may not like the advice, it gives you options, and If you're still unsure.

The first reason on why you should get multiple opinions is that you may not like the advice you got. Not everyone is great with advice despite them wanting to help, but when those people come along you can't just take their advice if you didn't like it. Say maybe they tell you to climb a dangerous mountain to find your answers; thats not helpful nor good advice. Good advice is good advice and if you just take it from just one person out of everyone you could ask than you may not get the best outcome. If you are struggling to find help you can just go out on the street and ask, if your comfortable. In fact asking people that don't know you may be more helpful because their opinion will be less bias.

Another reason why getting more than one opinion is because it gives you more options. What if the person you ask is closed minded and don't know what to say to help. When you ask multiple people you get options and ask for reasons on why they believe what they do. It gives you the opportunity to compare their reasons and determine which one is the better option. In doing this you also can ask reasons why you shouldn't do the other option and once you average out the good and bad outcomes of each solution, you will find an even better option.

The last reason on why you should get multiple opinions is because you could still be unsure about it after the advice you got. The advice might be the right answer but there is nothing wrong with confirming your doubts. Asking multiple people is probably the most important here than anywhere else because if you are unsure, go for it, and it fails; than you may not get a second chance. One time I was hesitant about asking the coach if I could sit out one of the games because I was in pain. I was still very unsure if I should go up and ask, so I talked to my friends and they all said, "If you are in pain then there is no reason to hurt yourself more by playing." The next day I asked and he said yes, in no time flat i felt better and was back on the field. There is nothing wrong with asking more than one person, even if the first person I asked was right.

In conclusion, not liking someones opinion, getting options from others, and being unsure about opinions are all great reasons why you should ask multiple people for advice. A lot of these situations rely on what problem your having but either why there is nothing wrong with asking for more help. Don't be the one person who messes things up because you got a single, probably biased advice for something. 