People tend to ask more than one person at a time for advice because it can make them seem comfortable with their answer, but also there are so many different ways people do this and there can also be a lot of ways why people would do this. Right now I'm going to show only some ways why and the different ways they do this, yet there would still be way too many reasons to write down right now.

One example that I can think about is when your trying to spelling a word in class. You might be thinking that you have spelled that one word wrong and want it to be confirmed that you're either right or wrong. The first thing you'll probably ask is your friend next to you, but you think that they spelled your word wrong too. You might ask another friend, yet that other friend still gets it wrong. After that I'm guessing your going to go ask your teacher that has more knowledge on spelling. You do this because you want to comfirm that you were right and didn't trust yourself or had trouble with spelling that word. Now that you've asked more than one person you now know how to spell your word corectly.

There are so many different times where you need someone elses opinion on a daily bases like, someone might ask if they like him or hers outift today or ask if you liked what they cooked for dinner. They do this because they need clarrifiction with you or need someone elses opinion to make them feel comortable if they are questioning something about themselfs.

Some people may act independent but I'm sertain that they have asked for an opinion even if it's just something small. I mean that you probably ask for someones opionion at least five times a day or if not more, usally we don't even think before saying it. When we ask for an imput on what or how another person thinks I think is also a way to fit in. Just like following a trend we ask to stay updaited and so we make a normal decision.

Even just the way everyone thinks and acts differently is actually a big reason to why we ask for another persons opinion. This is because if that one person has more knowledge on that one thing, there will be some people that will ask for there opinion on it so they can have some more understanding about whatever it is that that person knows.

For example if someone is trying to learn how to skateboard (meaning they just started and aren't comfortable riding yet) and are trying to learn a new trick, they will probably practice a lot but if they are at the skate park with a friend they're going to ask there friend for some pointers on learning that new trick. Yet if you went with two of your friends one being really good at skateboarding and knowing all the tricks and the other doesn't even own a skateboard. You would want to ask the one who knows how to skate but would probably end up asking both of your friends just for the sake of knowing more and go with the opinion with the friend you think helps the most.

People giving out their opinion to someone who needs it is a person who is always willing to help. When asking someone for their opinion they might not always give it to you which might be another reasons to why you have to ask other people. The main reason they probably won't give their opinion to you is because they are also unsure and don't want to give out the wrong imformation. Somebody else that doesn't know a lot about what your asking might just guess because they don't really know too much on what your asking and at the end say "but I don't know for sure" which puts the person asking the question in an awkard situtaion and that's when they will ask somebody else.

I think the most popular reason why people ask more than one person is that they are unsure with ones opinion and need to confirm with different people so they can make sure that they are final with their decision. These people probably will do this when it's important like when your doing a school project. Yet they might do this because the first person they ask he or she might think they asked the wrong person because their answer was totally different from what they first got.

There are so many different reasons to why we ask multiple people for an opinion some I haven't even explained because of all the possible ways to this subject that you can explain. In conclussion I think that asking different people for their opinion is good so you can have more understanding and more clarrifiction to know what another persons imput is. 