December 30, 1957

"My name is Luke, Luke Bomberger. The Seagoing program was a opportunity of a lifetime for me. Yes, there were many struggles and hardships but I got through it. You should really join the program it gives you something new to try in life. Also, it helps recover food supplies, animals, and much more for the 44 nations who joined together to make the UNRRA.

There are amazing places you can go to. For intance, we took a trip to Greece. The Acropolis there was something special. In this program there is never a dull moment. You're either taking care of the animals, sight-seeing, being at night watchman. There is also times to have fun. The othercowboys and I have time to play games or do on board such as baseball, volleyball, table-tebbis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, or other games to pass the time.

Since there are struggles to this job I might as well say them too. This job is much more than a adventure, it shows you unbelievable things in this world. My aunt Katie helped me prepare for this. She might not have known it but she did.

The thing is though that I was never prepared of the dangers at sea. It was only my second trip and I served as a night watchman. That night I was to check on the animals every hour and to report to the captain. It was a very rainy night. After I had made my hourly report to him I was sliding down on my backside a slippery ladder. My heart was pounding I was slidding feet first toward an opening on the side of our ship. Luckly a thin strip of metal on the edge of the ship saved me from going to the dark Atlantic ocean. I was very happy that I was alive but I could not work for a few days or so because i cracked my ribs.

There are advantages and challenges apart of this job. Some challenges may be risky but if you join the Seagoing Cowboys program you are doing this for a good cause. If it weren't for my friend Don Reist I might have never joined this program. This was a truly amazing experience for me and also some other men like me." There was a round of applause from the crowed. Then a young boy, Jacob says to me " You are really inspiring to me. I really loved your speech and makes me want to be in the Seagoing Cowboys program now."

"Thank you. Keep trying to persue that dream, son." After that we talked a few more minutes and then waved good-bye.