Is one of your biggest fears driving, or getting in a really bad car accident. Either way when it comes to driving yourself or a driveless car there is still a possibility. '' In fact none of these cars developed so far are completely driverless.'' Another thing that came from this passage was ''This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires. so this means you still have fault even if your car was driving itself because you could've took control.

Next, if the car is driving annd has a malfunction then this could cause issues for everyone else driving with them. So one thing that you might ask is well they have sensors that will keep everyone safe. But we all know you need batteries for those things and they wouldn't last forever. So all this does is prove another point, and that is that the driver of this car needs to be alert the whole time while in this vehicle. The one thing that we all know is that people aren't going tto pay that much attention to the road, they are just going to be facinated by the car. So this just shows that this will just cause more danger to themselves and the people around them.

Then, we haven't even talked about how these car respond to emergence vehicles that are driving fast down the street with lights and sirens. Then we don't even know how long it takes for the human to regain control of the car. Do they have to pull the car over, or hit a switch, if so is there a delay such as 10 seconds or so. A known fact is that more police officerss die every year from driving lights and siren down the street on their way to something and die because of someone not paying attention. So if humans can accidently hit each other and sometimes kill each other then why would we want driverless cars doing the same thing.

Now we're going to talk about if the car took gas or electricity or both. The car seems like it would be helpful in certain areas, for example people with fatigue. they coulb be tired feeling like they're about to fall asleep. they have a car driving itself to the location. But who says the car can get them there without loosing gas or electricity. Then they don't know where they are and theycould hitch hike but they won't know where to go. So now they have to take risk and dangers with these cars.

In conclusion I think that these cars arre dangerous but helpful in some areas. The cars are hazardous when it comes to stoping for emergency vehicles because we know to pull off the the right side of the road but a computer might not. Then you have a possibility of the cars having a malfunction and crashing into things killing everyoune. But he car can save lives when it comes to drunk drivers and drivers falling asleep at the wheel. Those are my opinions on the United States on having driverless cars on the roadways.