Election after election, candidates are winning the popular vote but are losing the election. The U.S. is making a terrible decision on keeping the Electoral College. The Electoral College consist of 538 electors, but only need a vote of 270 electoral votes to elect a president. It would probably be best to elect a president with a popular vote to make the election fair.

When voters are voting for a president they are really voting for a slate of electors. The problem with the Electoral College is that they are not giving the U.S. citizens a chance to vote for who they want as president. In 2000, with the Gallup poll, Al Gore had won the popular vote, but had lost the election  do to having over 60 percent of voters prefering a direct election. It is not fair to people that if the president they like is winning that the Electoral College can change the election by making a mistake on choosing the other candidate or take the majority vote and elect that president. In the 2000 campaign, seventeen states did not see one candidate at all. The Electoral College has been named "unfair, outdated, and irrational". As for Bob Dole (lost election do to the Elector College), he was correct for hiw words "Abolish the Electoral College.

The Electoral College is a anachronism(a non-democratic method of selecting a president that ought to be overruled by the declaring the candidtate who recieves the most popular votes the winner). Even though it is true that the Electoral College elects the president, and not the people, the citezens would still want a word it electing the president. The parties selected are trusted to vote but they can make a mistake and nobody will know. In the Gore vs Bush in 1888, Gore had more popular votes than Bush, but Bush had a few more Electoral vote that Gore which made Bush win the election. Also in the Obama vs. Romney election in 2012, Obama got 61.7% of the Electoral College cpmparing it to the 51.3% of popular votes between him and Romney. Which Obama put the USA in to deep dept. By which almost all states were with the votes on a winner-takes-all basis.

The winner-take-all method is used when to focus the campaign on toss-up state. The voters in toss-up states pay more close attention to the election. In Florida in 2012 election, Obama had won the state with a 29 electoral vote. Just like in Wyoming with only 3 votes. About 1/2 of the eligle American population did vote in 2012. They are the people that wanted to express the political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election. People can argue that the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canditate who has no hope of carrying their state which is unfair.

To add it off, the Electoral college can be quite unfair to an election. They are still going to make bad decisions on which person to elect. So I would want to change the Electoral College to a popular vote takes all.                  