Turning 16 is one of the best times of your life because you get your license, your own new car and you dont have to rely on your parents to take you every where but, instead of getting a new car, why not get a brand new stylish bike? Millions and millions of people drive their car to provide them transportation to get to work, errands, school and little did they know much car usage really effects not only our planet but, ourselves too. Limiting car usage is a very effective way to eliminate stress, lower air pollution, reduce traffic, and save money to make the world a better and healthier place to live.

Two of the many advantages of limiting car usage is it eliminates stress and lowers air pollution. Being stressed is very unhealthy and a simple way to limit your stress is by limiting car usage. A media trainer named Heidrun Walter stated, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way(Source 1)." If having a car is stressful, then ride a bike, or take a bus that still takes you from point A to B, just like a car does. Car usage is bad for our planet when it comes to air polution. "...Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States(Source 1)." Using other options besides taking a car would reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Limiting car usage is a happier life and healthier living.

Saving money and reducing traffic are other advantages of limiting car usage. Traffic is always a problem when trying to get where you need to go. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog...[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world(Source 2)." There's always so many people rushing to get to work in the morning and your car only moves a couple feet per minute from all the backed up traffic but, if there wasn't so many cars on the road, that would never be an issue. Saving money is always an advantage especially in today's economy, and all you have to do is limit your car usage. "As of April 2013, the number of miles drive per person was nearly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in January 1995(Source 4)." The reasoning behind that is because people "could not afford new cars, and and the unemployed weren't going to work anyway(Source 4)." Riding with a friend is always a way to save money and limit traffic too.

Car usage is a big problem in today's society. Eliminating stress, lowering air pollution, reducing traffic, and saving money are all advantages of limiting car usage that will lead our planet to a healthier and better living. When your parents surprise you with that pimped out bike instead of a car on your birthday, just remember all the beneficial reasons of limiting car usage and plus, you won't have to pay car insurance.    