Take a step outside and a second to look around? Now tell me what you see ? The trees and grass green, the beautiful clear white clouds up in the sky, the birds chripping and flying, wandering and looking for something to eat. You see life. All it takes is a snap of a finger and all of that would go away. All the trees ugly and destory, the grass would no longer be green and the clouds all dark and upset , You wouldn't see life anymore you would see depression. This could all happen if we keep harming the envoirnment by using cars and polluting the air by all the trucks that has been driven around. We need to stop before things get worst. There are benefits and advantage of limiting car usage.

Residents in Vauban, Germany are limiting car usage they're using bikes and most of them enjoy the walk. Most passgeners don't know that their cars and them are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and some car-intensive areas in the United States vary up to 50 percent. You wouldn't want to be blame for such an act. As a matter of Heidrun Walter commented ,in Source 1: "

When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,"

If she feels like this ,there is no doubt that everyone wouldn't feel the same. If you're stress and unhappy than take a walk, Mrs. Walter walked the verdant streets where the bicycles swish and chattering of wandering children drown out the occasional distan motor. The whole point of a car is getting from point A to point B and many people are concern about the fact that they won't have any tranportation , this statement is false. Vauban has a home to 5,500 residents and they're trying to built houses where stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway.

Lets take a look at Paris, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city. If people didn't follow this enforcement they suffer a 22-euro fine of ($31). This act cause congestion meaning car traffic wemt down 60 percent in the captial of France that would mean not cause more damage to the envoirnment. This is also good because looking at their histroy diesel fuel was blamed and france has . . . [a] tax policy . . . diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a53.3 percent. .  .

There is no excuse for not being able to use a car. Look at the benefit you can hike, bike, skate and take buses. There are working on a new car progam isn't going to harm the enviornment, and plus this is a great opportunity to take away stress and also lower air pollution. There is also other wys to get transportaiont there is car-pooling. The internet also pay a big part because it makes it possible to allow people to feel more connected without driving to meet and chat with friends.    