Generic_School offers students an eighth block period which is a period that will take place after school, at home, and online. Classes like this are offered at many schools and this distanced learning has become common. Some schools are even allowing students to take their full schedule online. Some people question whether or not students even benefit from this. I for one believe students can benefit from theses courses. Students can benefit from the option of taking classes at home because students who excel can take an extra class when they get home after the school day is over, kids who work best in quiet environments or are introverted would do better, and students who get bullied by peers wouldnt have to worry about dealing with bullies anymore.

Some students truly go above and beyond in their learning and education, and they could handle more work than what's given in school with ease,but its only when we challenge ourselves that we are able to grow. The workload of their normal classes will never be enough for theses students to fill their needs. But this distance learning course will allow these students who wish for more of a challenge to engage in more school time which is great for the student. Now hypothetically speaking, if you boss asked you to read ten student's papers but you could read twenty, although you're reaching your quota, you arent reaching your fullest potential.

People may say that all the time needed is given during the school day. This is blasphemous because its neglectful of the students with straight A's, in AP classes, who still arent challenged. For muscles to grow there needs to be an overload, a point where you push your muscles to their limits, and the same goes for your brain. Some people need more to push themselves, and not allowing this is a hindrance to their mental growth. No matter what the activity may be there will always be someone who excels beyond the limits of the common folk. Whether that be sports, Art,or video games, someone will be better than everyone else. Offering this course allows students who are above the learning curve to improve and not stay stagnant.

People vary in their social skills and ability to work around people. As humans we are created different and we must respect these differences in people. Some people work best in large groups ,some work best alone, some people can work through the noise of the classmates around them ,and some need complete silence. It would be wrong to not offer these classes for the students who need to be alone to work or those who would rather work in the comfort of their home. For instance if you had stage fright and your boss told you,"You have to read these papers in front of the others." you'd be nervous. Anything from stuttering or saying a word wrong could effect your job, but this wouldnt be a problem if you could do it in the comfort of your own home. One could argue that being anti-social is no reason to take classes at home but on the contrary people who are anti-social find it hard to speak in front of the class, work on group assignments, read for the class, or present their project in front of the class all of which can affect their grade. So these kids are now not only being graded on there knowledge but now also whether or not they're willing to carry out these task against their fears. This is unfair to these students who now have to go through a more emotional struggle than the other students. But in the comfort of their home these socially challenged students dont have to worry about anything other then there work and this will benefit their work flow.

Some students are challenged with being bullied by classmates which can lead to problems in more than just their schoolwork. Being bullied can lead to depression, fights, and even school shootings. These things bring problems, not only to the kid being bullied,but the bully themselves, the friends and family of the two ,and ,in worst cases, the community. Imagine if you were at work and had to read student's papers with your coworkers but every time you made a mistake they made fun of you. Eventually that tension between the two of you would cause problems. Someone might say to remove the problem and tell the bully to stop ,but there have been plenty of anti-bullying movements and yet none of them have worked. But if students where able to take classes at home there would be no problem. The bully taking his classes at home has no one to bully ,and the victim doesnt have to worry about them bully anymore.

Overall the idea of distance learning and taking classes from home is great because it allows people to grow, feel comfortable when learning, and feel safe. A world where were kept within standards and cant go to your own limits ,or where you are forced to do things that make your skin crawl on a daily basis ,or you cant simply feel safe to get your education is a world without online learning. The opportunity to takes classes at home is amazing because it frees students from limits, discomfort, and fear.