If our principle made everyone in our school do some sort of extracurricular activity, I would be on board. Kids should be more active. Some kids don't do anything but play video games. Our school has a wide variety of activities from sports to Musical Arts to clubs. So if after school activities were required, kids could get more exercise or spend time outside, they could make new friends and find new interests or hobbies.

Lots of kids don't get their daily dose of exercise like they should. Doing a sport or certain clubs could help them get that daily exercise that they need, and our school has lots of different options to choose from. You could do Football, Baseball, Tennis, Basketball, Wrestling, Track, Archery and more. And those are just the ones that are provided from our school. There are lots of other sports outside of school that you could do including swimming, martial arts, golf and much more. But sports is not the only thing that is available.

If some kids don't like sports, thats OK. They could try playing an instrument or singing. At our school, we have an amazing Musical Arts program. We have Band, Strings, and Chorus. You could choose from one of those, or you could try two. In both Strings and Band there is a wide variety of instruments to play from trumpet or tuba to violin or bass. If you join Band or Chorus, you also have a choice between doing Jazz Band for Band students, or Show Choir for Chorus students. All of these classes teach students how to read and then play or sing music. But if music is not for you, then there is still more to choose from.

Dont like sports? Not interested in music? Well then maybe you could try a club. We have a large selection of clubs that you could do, like yearbook club, Lego club, chess and checkers club, debate club, and lots more. Some clubs require you to be enrolled in a certain class, like Jazz Band. some clubs are after school clubs, like weight lifting club and archery. And some clubs even depend on you grades like junior beta club. There are lots of choices and even if none of the clubs sound interesting, try one! You might like it and it might spark a new interest.

So if the principle made us do an activity, then it would be a good thing. Kids will interact more, they will get more involved in the school, and they can stay healthy. And with the large variety of things to do, why not get involved?