Education is one of the greatest offers we have, as well as an important asset to have obtained. There are many ways to achieve one; as well as multiple places to go and get an education. Most students go to a school for an education, but now there are more options. Another unique form to get an education is online classes from home. I believe classes from home can be a great option that can benefit many students.

Online classes, or classes from home can help many students such as students with a learning disability, or special conditions, as well as disorders. Students with a disability, or disorder who cannot leave home, or need special care; can get their education at home while remaining comfortable. Classes at home allow these students to get the care they need, while still learning and progressing in school. Since the online classes include video conferencing; if some of these students, or students in general need Verbal explanations or help, then they will receive the help they need even in their home.

One of the major benefits of classes at home is having them at home. Students' ability to learn can vary by location, and setting. Many students do not feel comfortable in a classroom environment, or are incapable of learning in a classroom space. By having the classes at home; students who have anxiety, or struggle with any other problems will not have as much as a struggle or concern as they would in class. This benefits these students, because by being at home and feeling more comfortable, and at ease they can focus more on the school work. However, there are students who struggle to keep up in a classroom, and by having these classes at home they can go at their own pace; and receive the further explanation they need.

The biggest benefit of having online classes available, is that there is always a way to get an education. If a student or students have good reasoning to have to do online school or if they are required to, then it is available to them. Their biggest benefit is that it is an option for a requirement that is a big part of their life which is an education. Online classes can also be to help students who move quickly instead of slowly, if some students want to do extra classes as well as attending school to graduate early or have extra curricular classes to add to their college applications.

Overall, i believe that classes from home can be very beneficial, and can help students succeed further in school, as well as with achieving the education they desire. It is a great option that provides a different take on the normal school education and school scene. It can be the help that some students do not have or are not provided in school, which can lead to many benefits and success' in students lives.                                