Last summer, I attended an online class for Algebra II, and the experiences were somewhat horrible. I wasn't be able to focus in the class or communicate with my classmates. Sometimes, I planned to ask my teacher about a math problem, but I always missed the teacher's video call. Since I thought I had a lot of free time, I often woke up late to attend the class. Therefore, my grades were affected, and I learned less from the online class. Online school has a lot of downsides and negatives that would ruin a student's focus, self-discipline, and communication. Because of the negative impacts that could happen to students, I won't recommend attending classes from home.

Students who lose focus in class might result in failing a test or quiz. There are a lot of ways for a person to lose their attentions on online class. One of the examples is that their family members could distract them from studying. Students who have poor time management, such as those who wake up late for online schools, would miss their lessons. Furthermore, some of the devices that often grab their attention away are phones and games. Especially, when the teacher isn't monitoring the students; they would do anything they please. As the students lose their focus, they wouldn't remember the teacher's lessons. This negative result could affect the students' test and quiz scores and grades.

Most schools often teach students self-disciplines aside from their family. For instant, they taught students to be respectful with their classmates and teachers. Another important lesson is that students should maintain a good behavior around their peers. Students who attend classes from home would miss the opportunities to learn self-disciplines. The evidence to prove the message is clear, most teachers wouldn't invest their time and energy on students who they barely know or meet. Therefore, no one would teach the students, whom study at home, on basic manners and self-disciplines.

As a method of teaching in Vietnam used to say "one should learn self-disciplines first before learning other things." Self-discipline is a significant, critical characteristic that is needed in the real world. Without it, one wouldn't be able to get a job, an interview, or become successful.

Communication plays a major role in our daily lives; it is a major tool to express our feelings with people around us. Nevertheless, distance learning that some schools offer could ruin students' communication skill. Imagine a class where the only way students could have a conversation with their peers and teachers is through a screen. By doing so, some people who attend online classes would have a diffcult time communicating with others. They are used to speak through their computers instead of holding a real conversation, a face to face one. Their face expressions would also be affected by this situation. When typing through a screen, one wouldn't have to show much expressions, however, it would be different to a real conversation. Most students, who attend classes at home, could have less expressions and emotions on their faces due to this.

In brief, online classes have a lot of negative impacts to on the students' self-disciplines, focus, and communication skills. There are no good benefits in attending classes from home. Therefore, schools shouldn't offer distance learning as an option for students.       