Doing something new is like playing a role in your favorite film; it is exciting. Being able to do something exciting as playing in your favorite film can be done in school to. I think having students participate in extracurricular activities is a great idea, for it can help students decide what they want to to in the future, boast courage levels, and students can have fun.

First, when a student gets a thought into his or her head they never stop dreaming about it. So having students participate in extracurricular activities would help students discover what might want to do in the future. By having students participate in activities, you are helping students become more aware to choices out there and develop more interests.

Also, courage levels are important to the choices of your students. Having low self-esteem does nothing but prevent your students from doing something they love and taking that big leap to succession. I think having students do at least one extracurricular activities can boast the confidence and courage levels of the students.

Third, doing extra curricular activities is fun. Having students do an extracurricular activity can help them realize that extracurricular activities are actually not that bad, but are a whole lot of fun. Such as doing yearbook club, homework club, cross country, or even student council, these are all very fun extracurricular activities to do.

However, not all extracurricular activities are fun, Sometimes students go to an activity be themselves and do not enjoy it. They think doing extracurricular activities are not all rays of sunshine, but it can be. Being lonely does not last that long before a fellow students notices the student and decides to go and talk to him or her and before they know it they became friends. Also, having low self- esteem does not mean a students has to sit back from doing something they love because they do not have to courage to come forth and try,but joining a extracurricular activities can help the student realize that there is more encouragement out there than bad, hurting words. There are many reasons extracurricular activities are need in students lives and I only gave you a little

In conclusion, having students participate in at least one extracurricular activity has many benefits and many honorable outcomes for students lives.