Many students have the option to attend online school in the comfort of their own homes. For parents, the matter of letting their child be schooled at home is an important choice that may influence who their child grows up to be. It's a difficult decision to make. The problem is deciding whether or not online schooling is beneficial to students. Student's wouldn't benefit from attending classes at home because work wouldn't get done and they wouldn't be able to be taught as efficiently.

Classwork is an important part of school that allows teachers to asses how much students understand what was taught to them. It also gives students the opportunity to practice and study. Some students, however, don't enjoy doing classwork and will procrastinate on projects or won't do them at all. This will get worse of they take online school. At home, there may be no one to keep them on track. Many parents need to work during school hours and won't be there to help their child keep up with their schoolwork. Attending school physically, there is always a teacher in the classroom that keeps the students doing their work, and will correct them if the students appear to be going off task.

Furthermore, the physical aspect of teaching will be gone if students attend school at home. Doing certain labs for a chemistry class may be impossible because of the need for a partner or a specific environment. Using Bunsen burners for an assignment may be dangerous inside the house without adult supervision. Online schools may not be able to offer a physical education class, so teachers can't make sure that children are getting the amount of physical activity they need. Also, some students may need a fun, hands on approach to learn the material effectively. Having a teacher and other children around them improves a student's learning experience.

In addition, attending classes at home would provide little growth of a child's social life. People who aren't against homeschooling would say that children participate in after school activities and meet new people constantly. However, there are many students who are too anxious, introverted, or unmotivated to engage in other activities. For some, there is only one place where they socialize with others: school. In the classroom, children are always surrounded by other students to grow with and support. Not only are friendships formed at school, but there are also many couples seen throughout the hallways.

In conclusion, attending classes at home wouldn't be as beneficial to students because of three things: more students wouldn't get their work done; teaching wouldn't be as efficient for students; furthermore, the social lives of the students would suffer. If there are any reasons why a particular student wouldn't want to attend school, they should go to the principle or guidance counselor. There, they can try to find a solution to their problems, or find a way for the school to accommodate their needs.