I believe that students would benefit from distance learning. This is due to the fact the many students find home a more safe and comfortable environment. With students studying and learning in a more friendly environment they would be able to focus more on what their learning instead of worrying about what other students think of them. This would result in higher grades and higher academic goals. Not only would this benefit the student, but it would also benefit schools. Online classes would make no need for a physical classroom resulting in less need for a school building. Then, if they were to have homework that is done on the computer like most schools already practice, this would save on paper usage and reduce the impact on the environment.

The largest downside to distance learning however is the funding for this massive move to virtual classes and learning. I don't see this as an issue in America or other developed countries. But in third-world countries such as countries in Africa and Asia would not have the proper funding to convert. Education is aleady such a scarce thing in those countries and making it even more expensive to obtain would make it even more difficult. Not only would the school system have to buy computers for the students but internet is another large cost. No internet would make the online classes totally useless if students weren't able to access them. But in countries where the cost isn't an issue and internet coverage is great, the only real downside at that point would be distractions in the students household. With students being within walking distance of their personal belongings they could get easily sidetracked or lose focus with another activity. An example of this would be a student playing a video game on their game console instead of focusing on their school subject or a student watching their favorite show could make the student focus more on the show instead of the course they are taking. Family members and pets are another distractions you have to keep in mind. Another issue with online classes are that there are some classes you can't actually take online. Such as band and orchestra and many others. For these classes you have to physically be there in person to achieve.

In all, I believe in my general area online classes would be beneficial to many but I enjoy coming to a physical classroom and experiencing a more hands on learning. Meeting new people or meeting up with friends after school is another large plus to coming to school.