In my opinion I think that driverless cars would be a wonderful thing to have. They would make it much easier to commute to and from work or school. They would also make taking long roadtrips much more enjoyable, being that you would not always have to keep starring at the road ahead in the long, boring sort of way that we have to now.

Driverless cars would also be great for public transportation, being that they could exempt the need for a driver, that would allow companies to make more profit, which in turn would allow for better up-keep on the buses, trams, etc. Also allowing for newer and better modes of transportation to be purchased, all around it would benefit the public transportation industry.

Even if we did not have autonomous, driverless, cars the roads would still be better if we had cars that sensed the road conditions and kept track of the driver to help with accident prevention. It would decrease the number of deaths caused each year by distracted driving, and also maybe even help make the human population as a whole better drivers in the fact that we would realize all of the things that we do wrong while driving and maybe try to correct those things.

Then there is the other side to the autonomous, driverless, cars. Yes they would be good because they would decrease the number of accidents that are caused by distractred dirvers, but this may also be a bad thing. Most humans, if you give them something that can make them have to work less, will rely souly on that one product to do all that it can possibly do to help them, but when that product has a malfunction it could be disasterous.

Lets use this as an example, Johnny and a few of his friends are driving up twisty mountain road in his autonomous car, Johnny, relying on his autonomous car to do its job of driving, is paying no attention to the road ahead. The driving system of the car has a small malfunction in the turning system, the road takes a sharp right turn and the cars is going too fast to recognize that the turn is up ahead, the car comes up to the turn, goes to fast around the turn and starts to slip, the car then overcorrects sending Johnny and all of his friends straight into the side of the mountain.

Now see this would have been no problem had Johnny been paying attention to the road ahead, but he thought that his autonomous car had it all under control. The autonomous car would be a great inovation to driving, but when human nature takes over and we rely too much on the product things such as this may happen.