Dear Mr. Senator,

Today I am asking for your favor of keepig the Electoral College or changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. This process now consists of the selection of the electors and meeting where they vote for the president and vice president, and the counting of votes by the congress. The Electoral College consists of 538 electors, but only 270 of those votes are required to elect the president. I think that we should change the way that our citizens vote. I also think that we should update how the elections are run.

First of all, we should change the way that our citizens vote. When we vote for a president we are actually just voting for that Elector. So there is a possibility that the Elector could vote for the opposite president and your vote basically not be put in. I think that our citizens should have enough rights that they dont have to have Elector to do the voting for them and we can all just vote for who we want. For instance, it could be just all politics and the Electors get paid to vote for a certain person and thats why most of the presidents who get elected get elected today.

Secondly, We should update how the voting system works. Instead of it being 270 people out of 538, we should just have everyone one vote without Electors. Then everyone would have there say in the voting system and then they could just average it out or figure out the math of who won by percentage. For instance, take the number of all the people who voted for both presidents and take the number of one of the presidents and divide them by eachother and multiply it times 100. Then all the political stuff wouldnt happen because everyones vote counted. Maybe a change in the system would be a good idea.

Last but not least, In The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong, Bradford said that in 1960 segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. So that vote would not have actually gone to Kennedy. So the Electors are not as reliable as everyone thought. Some Electors have also refused to to vote for there parties canidate. My honest opinion is to just change the Electoral College.

In conclusion, I am writting to you Mr. Senator in hopes that you can fix the Electoral College and change the election to a popular vote. If this were to happen, it could make our citizens have a little more rights. We may also update our system a little bit so that the election voting is a little more accurate so that everyone gets to get there vote in. Maybe this could be what solves most of the political problems in the world.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME    