Dear TEACHER_NAME

l am a student at your school and you have a argument that says if you want to play sports or do any other activities at school you have to have a B average in most of your classes. In this statement I agree with your decision because most of students want to say that when they go to school nobody is not intelligent. I would say that to my parents. In school most students do not take anything they do seriously, and do not realize what they are doing will only hurt themselves in the future. If students don't follow these rules that are set for them to keep school in order there will be consequences.

In order to set up a substantial school were every students care about what they are doing and learning each day they should realize that if the want to play sports or do after school activities they need a average grade of a B. I think this what you should do TEACHER_NAME because this will show students that they are not in charge. For example I go to school and I see so many students not caring about there work and just slake off. Even though this is something new like this idea there is always a way to try and get everything in order.

Some students enjoy playing many sports and like to do things that there parents don't let them do at home. They like to stay after school for an art project, or even a rehearsal for a play. These activities are very important to most students and they would not like to have this. I say that if they want all this they should understand what the proposal is that we are trying to send out. Even though some students will obviously disagree with this will help most of them. This is agreement that will show students what school is all about. Since most students will dislike this like I exclaimed there should be rules that you should set out that will set them straight. Some rules should say: if you fail a semester of classes you will not let you have a way out of not playing sports or do other activities.

I think that in this case no student should have a C range in school to follow this rule because if you do that no rules would be substantial, and that our school would be doing really badly. This would only help our school and only if you do everything will be fine. Even if you have a bad grade like a C students will learn to do better in school. Even if it means to work really hard and do extra work.

To conclude I think most of these students and there classes are very important to you. This idea may lead you to a spot were students test scores will be off the chart, and our school would be overcame. Through this most of the students will be upset, but this idea may change our school.