Many cities, states, and countries are trying to find solutions to our problem of pollution and smog. Many have established car free days or car free suburbs which have helped to better or environmet.

In Vauban, Germany there is a suburb in which has limited the usage of cars, seventy percent of the families living there do not own cars another fifty seven have sold their car to move there. "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" stated by Heidrun Walter a resident and mother of two. This statement shows that by selling or not purchasing a car you can avoid stress however this may not be true for all people. Not owning a car allows us to save money by not having to pay for the car or car insurrance. "Passanger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States". Limited car usage would lower these numbers to take a step forward in bettering our environment allowing a better future.

As well as car resricted subburbs some cities have other ideas to reduce car usage. Paris had previously installed a plan to have drivers with even numbered license plates to leave their vehicles home and odd numbered plates to leave their vehicles home  the next day "Congestion was down 60 percent". This shows that this idea to ban vehicals based on license plates can work, however 4,000 people were fined due to non cooperation. Paris was not the only capitol to try and lower personal vehical usage, Bogota, Colombia for three years has had a day in which cars have been banned only allowing taxis and buses, the goal is to reduce the smog in a capitol city of 7 million. Despite a rainy day most citizens participated in the car free day "It's a good opportunity to take away and lower air pollution" stated by Carlos Arturo Plaza. Foregin cities and countries aren't the only ones trying to lower pollution, "recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less ang getting fewer licensences as each year goes by." Although riding a bus or other public transportaion or an alternative to a gas or diesel vehical such as a bicycle may take longer than a car but it has shown to be worth the extra time.

There are pros and cons to limiting the use of gas and diesel vehicals. Many countries and cities are trying to promote car-less suburbs or car free days to help contribute to the reduction of smog and pollution.                    