Some people might think students would benefit from home schooling and others might think the opposite. Doing home schooling has its own pros and cons but, I believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes at school where they have multiple of resources to help them rather then at home where they only have a few. Students can learn a lot from a teacher explaining everything to them physically then them trying to figure everything on their own. They have someone watching over them making sure they understand everything. Students have different facilities at school then at home. Some students stay after school with teachers to get a better understanding in subjects they need help with, while students who do home schooling don't have this opportunity. Every student should make use of the resources they receive to help them improve academically.

Students who do home schooling might not understand what they are learning. They don't get to ask question as much as students who got to school do. They would have a hard time understanding which will caused them to copy answers from online. Which won't teach them anything. Students could easily cheat on test or quizzes. Studying at home would get in the way of opening up and meeting new people and will also cause them to be shy and have a lack of communication skills. They won't learn to be an independent person which can affect them in the future. You need to be able to both communicate and be independent to survive in the world we're entering. Although online classes give you some resource in which you can ask a teacher if you need help with something but it's not the same as asking a teacher face to face. Students might have a hard time communicating with a teacher through emails. Some might not be able to afford to pay extra money for courses and a teacher who would help you through out the course.

Students would be lazy and would not think much of studying when at home. Being lazy all the time is not good for one's health. Students would waste their time playing games and watching moves on their phones. they won't pay attention academic studies instead, they would do other things at home; anything that has nothing to do with studying. Not understanding what one's learning can cause their grades to go down which also effects their GPA. And without a good GPA it's hard to get accepted into a good collage. Being at school gives you an opportunity to go and talk to different people which can teach you a lot about the world around us. It can build up communication skills that people need in order to survive.

Students should attend classes at school rather then at home because having a person physically be their to teach them, can help them in different ways. It can teach them way more then they can accomplish at home. A person who would disagree would say, students would be more comfortable at home. They would learn better at home with no one disturbing them when studying but, a person who is in their comfort zone all the time wouldn't learn to be independent and too much comfort can cause a person to be lazy. I agree with the fact you can study better when no one is disturbing you but not all student willingly want to study they need someone telling them what to do. That is why students should attend classes at school instead at doing home schooling.

I Have never done home schooling but, I have friends who has. Her name is Generic_Name, we used to go to a private school together until her parents decided to have her do home schooling. Generic_Name and I haven't talk to each other for two years now. She doesn't have a cell phone and her parents are strict; which made her cut off communication with everyone. I think people can can anxiety disorder being locked up at in their houses. Some kids might not even want to do home schooling but they have no other choice but to follow their parents choices. It can affect them in various ways causing them to have personality disorder or anxiety. Home schooling can also some students stress because studying alone, figuring everything own your own and not know what they are doing can be really stressful. People have a lot of other things going on other then studying in their lives so, they need to get out a breath some air and school is a good place to take load off their chests. You have people you can talk too and help you if you need anything. This is the reason why I believe attending class from home wouldn't benefit you as much as attending them at school.