I am very much against the idea of putting my life on a machinge. I no not agree in putting my life and others in danger because I am to lazy to drive the car myself. So many things could go wrong when letting a machine work for us such as more distractions, machine breaking down, WIFI disconnecting, and overconfidence are all things that could cause accidents and death all because we want a machine to do work for us!

The fact that people are actually considering risking their lives so that they can places faster and more convienently is very concerning. We are actually hoping that one day we can sit back in the car and let a machine take us places and actually believing nothing would go wrong. I don't trust in machines at all. I am a student at Guerin Catholic were computers are needed, and I see someone having problems with them everyday. If we cant trust simple electronics like computers to be working for us everyday, then how are we suppose to expect a car that needs sensors, lasers, GPS, WIFi, and so many other things to work 100% of the time. We are risking our lives and those of others trusting that all this will work properly.

Today we have laws that prevent us from using phones and other electronics in cars, because they are distractions and can cause accidents. In the text we learn that some manufactures are wanting the car to control 80% of what happens so that in unexpected cases we humans can take over. I seriously doubt that is someone were in a car in which the did not do anything but sit for 80% of the time that they would not be doing something else. If we allow people that much time to have a machine control the movements of the car we cannot really expect someone to just be 100% ready to take over the job to prevent something dangerous from happening. It just won't happen! If we have people texting and talking on phones inside of cars were we are the only ones in control of what is happening how are we to expect people to be resonible enough to know when they need to take over in command because the machine warns us. The law clearly warns us to not talk and drive and yet we do it. What would be different when the machines says, "take over now"?

In our world today we already have a lot of technology in control of part of our lives. We drive machines, use computer, phones, GPS, WIFI all to help us in our daily lives. We of course know that the are not 100% trustworthy, because we see them breaking down all of the time. Now imagine a car on a road with about 50 other cars around. Are we seriously thinking about about installing a system in these cars that drive them for us. What would happen if one of them suddenly broke down? It would be a catastrophe! This car would cause a major accident and could possible ruin everybody else around them. They indeed would be very convenient if they worked 100% of the time, but since we know that won't happen then we shouldn't do it. There is just to much at risk!

Something else we should think about is what will happen when a car breaks down, hitting another car and killing the other driver? We known today that there are laws that specifically tells us who is to blame in certain accidents. In a world with no drivers or with drivers who control the car 20% of the time, then who are you gonna blame. If you blame the company which built it they will simply say "well you bought it. What happens now is your fault and not of my concern". Is it really your fault though? How can you be to blame if your not even in control of what you are buying? The answer is your not. Truthfully there is no one to blame excpet for those who though all this would be a good idea!

These are all very good reasons that we should think again about what we are about to do. Companies should overlook the money and start thinking primarily about peoples safety and the danger it will be if all of this actually comes to reality. After seeing and analyzing all these reasons are you really going to risk your life by letting a maching drive you, or are you going to put in the extra effort and drive yourself?