Dear Principle,

I think that we should have policy 1. Because some kids actually know how to respect the policy and keep their phones away during class, and some kids don't. but why else would discipline be invented? if their cell phones are out during class, the teachers can just take them away; and if that doesn't help, then you call the parents; and I'm pretty sure they'll deal with that!

So, policy 1 really caught my attention; i mean, if kids are using it during classes, cant the teachers just take them away as discipline? Kids would really learn their lesson if they get it taken away. I hear my friends talk about it all the time... Like "Oh my goodness Ashley, my phone got taken away by the teacher! I'm going to be in so much trouble if my mom finds out!" And the only thing I tell them is, "maybe next time you should think about that, huh?" They get mad at me but whatever. Ha-ha, oh well! It's only the truth! If you take their phones away! That's like torcher to them!!!

Let's see, if you have a school policy that you can have phones on free time or at lunch! Wow; our school would be known as the coolest school ever! Maybe not the coolest, but we would be known as a very good school. Everyone always complains about how we don't have any freedom, i think every school does. But our school would be very known; and i can promise you EVERYONE would be talking. I mean, you already complain enough about how our school is known for bad things; if you have policy one, people would think that we achieved all of the goals that were set for our school, that we have good students. All that kind of stuff. Isn't that what you wanted our school to look like? To be like? I remember you telling out whole school you that you wanted us to be known as a good community? I think that'd be amazing! cause it's way better then how we look right now!

Now, if people are taking advantage of policy 1, you can deal with that by calling their parents. Some student's are VERY scarred of their parents sometimes. AND even if it gets to the point where it's really bad; then you can call the police for a meeting, or even to take away the phone during the whole school year! I know if i was in that situation, i'd be balling my eyes out! i would be so upset, it wouldn't be funny at all! I'd probably go through a depression! hah, but seriously; some kids are like, ADDICTED to their phone! Kind of like me! (;

So, i hope this letter help you figure out what policy you're going to have, cause i mean come on; I'm pretty sure if you asked the whole school to do a letter about it; i'm 90% sure, they'd all agree with me!(:

-STUDENT_NAME      