To the Principal,

I don't think that kids should be required to perform community service. It should be volunteer work that kids can enjoy. I only think that kids that get into a lot of trouble should be required to perform community service. If kids are required to perform community service it might take time away to do other extra curricular activities, such as music, sports, etc.

I do believe that helping the community is very important. It helps make the world a better place. Whether it's tutoring students or helping clean up the environment, it's a very big part in helping the world one step at a time.

Some kids like to do community service while others don't. I think that if the kids would like to perform community service then they should. Someone who doesn't want to, shouldn't have to. Kids who don't like to do community service sometimes wind up doing anything they can to get out of it and nothing gets accomplished. If there was a way to inspire kids who don't want to do community service, then that would be a perfect thing to do. If they're inspired to do that then they will enjoy it and keep doing it. Tutoring elementary kids is a very good example of community service. It helps kids become more intelligent. If your tutoring in sciences or social studies, for example, you can help kids become inspired to perform community service. I think it would be great if all the kids helped out in the community somehow, but I still think that they shouldn't be forced to do it. It's not really fun to do something when you're forced to do it. It would be better if the kids that help out actually enjoyed doing it.

Cleaning up litter is another good example of community service. It helps the world stay clean. If it stays clean, people might realize how clean it is, and they might stop littering. Some other examples of community service include; cleaning up graffiti, helping at a retirement home, help clean at a restaurant, rake an elders leaves, shovel someone's sidewalk, etc. There are many choices and most kids like different things. There's a big variety and I think if kids knew what there was to choose from then they might change their mind about helping out.

Another reason why I think community service is important is not only because it helps the environment, but because it can encourage some kids to get out and experience new things and ideas, instead of sitting around all day at home playing video games or watching television. I myself have a habit of doing that, but I help out sometimes. I'll go to my dads work sometimes and help out with the elderly, or I'll help my neighbor kids with their work that they don't understand, or I'll go shovel somebody's walk. Community service can be really fun and I think that kids just need to realize that there's a whole bunch of choices with helping out in the community. That's the position I stand in. Thank you for your time.