If car usage is limited like it is in Vauban we would have malls on a walk away off a main street and not by distant highways. New communities that are less dependent on cars are being developed. The EPA in the US is promoting "car reduced" communities and legislators are starting to act cautiously.

In Paris they have such a high population which is near record they enforced a partial driving ban to let the air clear up.

On Monday people with even numbered license plates were ordered to leave their car at home or suffer a 22 euro fine in American currency $31 and the next it applied for the odd numbered license plates. 4,000 drivers suffered the fine and 27 had their vehicals impounded for the way they reacted to getting the fine. Because so many people live in Beijing China and use vehicals it became known as one of the worlds most polluted cities would you want that happening to your city. Due to the warm days and cold nights the car emmisions were trapped in the air. Diesel fuel was blamed for the pollution.

In Colombia a program was set that one day was to be car free and they would use other modes of transportation such as buses, bikes, etc... it was the 3rd straight year in a row they did it and people who refused faced $25 fines. A businessman named Carlos Arturo Plazza states that "it`s a good opportunity to take stress away and lower air pillution." and for the first time  ever 2 more citties in Colombia joined the event. Municipal authorities from other countries came to Bogota and were enthusiastic to see the event. This campign began in Bogota in the mid 1990s. Which has lead to the developement of 118 miles of bike paths in Bogota. Also parks and sports centers bloomed throughout the city and new upscale shopping districts as well.

Finally in the US president Obama had goals to curb the US` greenhouse gas emissions were unveild. Recent studies in America show that fewer Americans are buying cars and get fewer licenses as each year goes by. The US having broad expanses and suburban ideals had long been on of the world`s prime car cultures. It`s the birth place of the first ever model T in Detroit. The rate of car ownerships per household and per person slowly began to decrease withing 3 years. If the patteren persists and many beleve it will it will have benificial implications for the US` carbon emissions and the environment. transportation is the 2nd largest source behind power plants. It would have a negative implication for the car industry. ther has been a large drop in percentage of 16-39 years old getting their licenses.

These are some reasons why people should limit their car usage so we can keep the positive trend in the car for our enviroment and make breathing healthier to people and lower our pollution. So keep it up and our enviroment will start to recover from the years of pollution we have caused.    