When you don't know something, you ask someone. It is what everyone tells you to do, ask questions. Well most of the time you ask more than one person. Why? When i'm trying to get information from a person I look at their experience, viewpoint, and also for accurate results. It gives people more ideas to think of on a topic.

I look at their experience because it gives me a better idea of what the person is like or has been through. For example if their family is democratic and I ask this person if I should vote for a republican, they will most likely say not to vote for the republican because of their experience with their family. If it is an issue like skydiving and I want to do it but i'm not sure. I will ask someone who has been skydiving for advice, because they have been through it and they tell me what I would expect. Maybe I ask a person for advice on something and they know a person that went through the same thing I am. When i'm sick I want to know what it's going to be like, so I would ask my friend who has a family member that has had this sickness and they would tell me what to expect.

Another reason why seeking multiple peoples opinions is for looking at their viewpoints. When you have your opinion on an issue you want other people to see your way or feel the way you do about the issue. So when you ask more than one person you are seeing the other persons viewpoint. This is why you should ask multiple people for their opinions. They also might be bias towards the issue because someone else told them their opinion and they now agree with that and really don't like the other issue so they like theirs so much. If you have multiple people to talk to you will have each persons different viewpoints and you will be able to look at the pros and cons, then you will be able to decide on what you think.

When you talk to more people the more accurate the results get because the amount of people. If you are only talking to one person. You only have persons opinion to go by and you don't know if their are more ways or ideas on how to do that thing. Different people know might know more things than just one person, for example if you talk to a smarter person they will know more than a person not as smart. When you are talking to more people the wider the results and more accurate they get. It is a positive correlation, which means if you have more different variety of people the more accurate and better the results.

If you still think that talking to one person is better than talking to multiple just remember. When you talk to more than one person you look at their experience, viewpoint and when talking to different people it gives you more accurate results. So next time you have a question or want to know an opinion on something. Ask multiple people it is the best thing you can do.                                                     