Texting & driving

Should drivers be able to use their phones while textng and driving?

No,they should not, a total of 47 states has banned the use of electronic devices of any kind, in 2013 around 3,154 people were killed and an estimated of 424,000 hurt in a motorcycle accidents due to people being distracted by their phones. Phones seem to have more control over cars than people driving them do.

In 2010 a phone company called "at&t'' started a campaign that has over 20 million pledges with a simple phrase "distracted driving is never ok".

Some of the pledges states; how mistakes were made and now they are dealing with the consequences and how they affected their lives in various ways both, physically and mentally. For example,

a 16 year boy was hit by a car who says he was texting his girlfriend that was sitting next to him the whole time. Yeah distracted driving is very much not ok.

Texting while driving is not taken lightly in any state. In fact in mississippi a man was found guilty for vehicular manslaughter by hitting and killing a 24 year old college student, while he was walking one evening. The driver faced 20 years in prison following hat accident. Texting while driving is never ok and never will be ok considering the fact that many people are falling victim to this horrible problem.

Drivers that does not get into car accidents normally follow the laws of the road.

January 1st 2018, the state of Georgia established a new law called "handress free", hands free is pretty much self explanetory, this law basically means that if you are opperating a motor vehicle of any kind you are not allowed to use any electric devices of any kind. With this law being passed more and more lives are being saved and more and more people are being much safer than they were while they were being blinded by their phone screens and committing crimes while doing so. At this rate people might not be able to have their phones in the driver seat at all.

In conclusion, phones are avery big distraction while on the roads. With a big increase in the death rates and as well as an increase in the laws being passed connected to texting while driving is enough to confirm that phones on the road is (A) a distraction and (B) a huge safety hazard. The less that people use their phones on the roads the safer society will be and the safer the streets will be .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     