Operating a motor vehicle while on your cell phone

Being on your device and driving could be an overly dangerous choice in life. Many people around the world are injured by this situation every day. It could lead to accidents and altercations. In addition it would even cost you your licences. The most detrimental outcome is death. There are far more outcomes to operating a motor vehicle while being on a cell phone. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a motor vehicle.

One leading cause to motor vehicle accidents is being on your cell phone. It could lead to accidents and altercations. Yourself and the passengers are more at risk to bodily injuries and harm. These bodily injuries and harm can range anywhere from mild to critical condition. In an motor vehicle accident there is more than one involved. There is another person or group of people that could have the exact same conditions than the driver on the cell phone. In an example of an altercations you could be more prone to damaging an building or such. An direct result of an event in place; a fee or very large payment would need to be made. Secondly another consequence could be having your license taken.

When you have violated a driving law there will always be an consequence. Rather it being jail time, injuries, or more. Your license will be subjected to suspension. A suspended license defines as you are not able to drive until they are reinstated. The process can take anywhere from a short period of time or even a long period of time. The average time for a suspended license is sixty days.

For some people if it is not your first offense they may even take your license for good. Furthermore there is another cause to driving while being on your cell phone.

After all the consequences the most detrimental is death. Many people happen to pass away due to a motor vehicle car accident. Not all people pass away at the crash site, some has a condition mild to critical that causes them to die. Around 1.6

million people a year die in motor vehicle accidents. Out of the 1.6 million, 1 out of 4 pass away because drivers are on their cell phone. That includes the driver and the unlucky few that may have been in the car, around, or in another car. Passing away from a motor vehicle accident can be prevented by simply waiting until you have reached a stopping point or your at your destination to pick up your phone.

In conclusion, drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a motor vehicle. It can cause accidents and altercations, suspension of license, and even death. Prevention is simply not being able to use your phone while operating a motor vehicle. Take a moment to focus on the road.

You are able to check your phone when you reach a red light or a complete stop. This is one step closer to its prevention. It will save many lives even your own.   