Dear Principal,

Ever think about how dangerous school can be? Having a cell phone there with you can be a big help. When students have emergencies, need a break from school work and just to have on the bus ride to and from school. Having a cell phone at school shouldn't be a big deal. I mean everybody gets and has a cell phone at one time. When you where in school I'm sure you had a cell phone at least once in school. There no big deal if there not used in class while being taught.

Beep, beep ,beep the fire trucks rush to the school. In this case if 20% out of 100 students don't have a phone, its going to be a big problem. Everybody is going to be going crazy trying to call there parents to tell them the problem and where they are located. If you let student bring there cell phones to school on a day to day basis, problems like this wouldn't occur in a disorderly fashion.

Ring, ring . Students all around eating, drinking and laughing at lunch. There's nothing a teacher can do because the students are not in a classroom teaching at the moment. Having free time at lunch and in between class should consider that students can have there phone out because everyday would go by much better. Instead of parents coming to the school being loud about why you took there child's cell phone.

Red light ,green light, yellow . On this bus early in the morning nobody wants to just sit and listen to those loud out of hand children. Well i know i don't every morning and afternoon. So bring phones to school would be a plus for students. The could listen to there music on there phones on the bus to and from school. If you asked a number of student would they prefer cell phones at certain points in school or no cell phones at all. More than half of your student would prefer cell phones at certain times of the day.

Also some student work better if they are listening to music or something soothing and not all the loud talking in the background.

All in all cell phones at school only during lunch will satisfy the students more. I'm pretty sure more of the students grades would improve if they have something to look forward to doing at lunch and other free time in school. So principal i hope my words have encouraged you to think about having cell phones in school during lunch and free periods of the day. I'm sure whatever you decide will be for the better. Remember everybody should have a chance to prove someone right or wrong. It wouldn't be so bad if you gave the cell phone in school a try for at least a week or two.