Can a student taking online classes at home receive the same education as students in school? I feel that online classes can benefit students because they can work at their own pace. I also think that taking classes online will help students become more independent. However, I believe that going to school helps students become more social. Students taking online classes at home have more flexibility in there schedule than students that go to school.

Taking online classes gives students the opportunity to work at their own pace. All students work at different paces depending on their skill level in that class. Some students struggle in school because the teacher is going to fast, while other students are ahead of everybody and have to wait for people to finish. Online classes will also let students be more flexible with their schedules. Most students don't like waking up at six in the morning everyday to get ready for school and catch the bus, being able to attend class from home will let students get more sleep and in most cases have the ability to start when they want to.

Another benefit is that students will become more independent. Most students are used to being in a class where the teacher tells you everything to do. When taking an online class students will adapt to the new situation and be more self-reliable. Students will also have to get used to not having 30 classmates to help you out. At first this will be difficult for most students because a lot of the time students will rely on their classmates for assistance or answers, but it will help make them much more independent and intelligent.

Although there are many benefits towards taking online classes at home, I think that going to school will help students become more social. Going to school gives students the opportunity to meet new people and to see friends. I feel that taking classes from home will distance students from their friends. I also think that going to school will helps students experience new things. There are so many sports, clubs, and groups that are available at school that help students do things they enjoy and find new friends.

I believe taking online classes is the better option for getting a good education. I think most students will enjoy it because they get to work at their own pace and become more independent and self-reliable. Although going to school will help students stay in touch with their friends, taking online classes will help improve their education. And in school education is the top priority.