As a high school student we have 185 days in our summer vacation. Though most of us do not have to worry about a summer project, a lot of schools do. This could mark the question of; what is the project about? Many schools have the teachers assign the project and others have the students determine the project. If I had a project to do over summer break I would prefer it to be made up by me.

We understand that teachers and schools want us to keep learning over summer, but a lot of the times many people go out of the country, visit family, do not have internet access, and etc. So, if students had the ability to choose their own project, they could do it based off what they have available over the summer. We all have to take our course classes in school, where we already do lots of learning on those specific subjects. So why not for a change, change it up. Give students the chance to choose their own topic. Maybe something they do not have a class for at school or something that really interests them.

Student-designed projects would give students more of a broad area to find an idea. If a teacher were to design the project, most student's projects would all be the same. Having the students create their projects will give a wider variety of projects and topics. If having to present, other students could find out an interest they never knew they had. For example: I have been learning about the wars since around 6th grade, so if that was what my project would be on, I would be very bored writing about it because, it is something that I have talked about for almost six years. But if I was given the opportunity to write about something I want to write about, I would choose forensics, because we do not have a class about it at school but it is something that I am highly interested in and want to know more about.

Statistics from Harvard University in 2019 say, "93% of students have gotten better grades on self-made projects rather than ones handed by teachers." More students believe that when they are given the choice to choose a topic and make a project based off what they like and what they prefer, they receive a higher score. Self-designed projects give the students a chance to explore their interests and create something that is meaningful and custom made by them. No one wants to do the same project as everyone else, it is time to be unique! We do lots of projects throughout the school year that everyone else in the class does, so why not have summer be the one time we create something special to us.

So tell me what is your project going to be about if you had that chance? Take this chance to be creative, find something that really sparks your interest, or whatever is available to you. Studies even showed you will do better when your project is self-designed. You have 185 days in your summer vacation then school comes around just to end it. Find a good way to spend it, do your project but enjoy it. 