The advantages of limiting car usage is incredible because we can actually just get out of the house and hang out with friends and family. Also people could get some exersice at that by walking to work or school or wherever you are going to and the percentage of people with obesity would most likey drop down excessivley by just doing this.

You also might actually have a happier life by giving up automoblies for example what this person Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." This evoultion of limiting car usage is very beneficial especially for the environment by decreasing carbon and greenhouse gas emissions from cars and all of the bad gasses going into the air by all these automobiles and just maybe get or climate and everything back together they way it should be.

In this new approach, to make suburbs more compact and more accessible to public transportation. Stores are placed just a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highways where you need a car to get there.

By doing things like this especially in America would be big in safety because you would have to worry as much about your children being hit or ran over by cars or being kidnapped to because you can only walk or ride bikes, taxis and public buses.

Therefore you can also take time and actually look where you are and where you live and take it all in instead of panicing and being all tense and stressed on having to rush or go somewhere and just being in a calm, peaceful and quiet location. Like in what thisperson Carlos Arturo Plaza, a businessman said " It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" as he rode on a two-seat bicycle with his wife.

By doing this it would also decrease the amount of congestion in different cities across the globe.

In my opinion, I'd love to try in do this because we would  not be on our phones going strait to our cars  instead we would be walking or riding our bike or get on a public bus and actually see and meet people instead of just waiting in the traffic and waiting to just go and do whatever we want to and the Internet is a big deal in this to. A sociology professor at Drexel University and director of its Mobilities Research and Policy Center cities various factors like: the Internet makes telecommutung possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to goo and meet up with friends. The rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has faciliated more flexible commuting arrangments, including the evolution of shared van services from getting to work.                    