In the excerpt the author talks about how even though going to venus will be a challenging journey it will aslo be a meaningful one. Through paragraphs 1-8 he paints a perfect picture of what NASA's has tried to do and what they are currently doing. He starts by explaining that yes, the living conditons on Venus are not ideal but they are survivable. Through the previous voyages to Venus, they have been able to establish that Venus is not a stable enough planet for them to completely land advanced technology there yet. The author tells us that in the past NASA has sent rovers and stuff up to the surface of Venus to get us a better view of our galaxies "evening star''.

But within hours the space craft was lost and in a way killed due to the harsh conditions on Venus. Taking all that into consideration, NASA is planning on devising a better plan to rediscover and reexplore Venus. They are brainstorming on a way to make a device that can hover 30 or so miles above the surface of Venus. That distance will be the equivalant to jets and commercial airplanes flying over storms here on earth. The author succesfully persuaded me to believe Venus is worth exploring after reading this excerpt.

He did so by descriptively creating a scene in my head of Venus being Earth's equal. He talks about there being valleys, hills, and craters on Venus's surface just like they are here on Earth. He also goes into detail about how there is a strong possability that long ago Venus could have been covered in water that could have supported various life. There is also a strong possibility that if Venus can support our earth needs, then it could possibly be supporting someone elses. With further research and explorations we could find out if there truly is other life forms other than us.

In conclusion, Venus is worth going back to and doing a deeper investigation of what the planet really can do. I do believe that if anything would happen to earth it would be in our best bet to be able to flee to Venus. The author did a amazing job of supporting the idea of conducting better research on Venus by painting a vivid image into my head. Through his use of words and use of back story, he helps show that with enough motivation and dedication. We can transform Venus and its rough planetary conditons into another Earth.