Forida senator, I argue to remove the Electoral College and replace it by changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. Voting is not fair to the people because they can't vote for the President, only for the state electors, and even if the candidate that won the most popular votes, may not be elected. Also, the winner-takes-all system is not fair to voters because the candidates don't spend time in states they cannot win in or small states and mostly in swing states.

"Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the president." The passage stated in paragraph 10. Voting has changed over many years, but I think that people should be able to vote for the President and have that candidate win the election if they get the magority of popular votes. If the people want to have that candidate as the President, so be it. Although the Electoral College may help by not having a tied election and have a "Certainty of Outcome", but it should be what the people want and vote for. In my opinion, it would be better to not feel like you're putting in a vote that isn't what you wanted. The vote from the people go to state electors for them to choose and that is not truely fair to the people.

The candidates should spend time in all states to try to get their vote instead of the winner-takes-all system; therefore, it should be removed. There are people in the state that have voted for that candidate but they don't go to the state because they only focus on the swing states. I understand that they do go there to try to win the election and become president, but they should at least spend some amount of time in other states. "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." As stated in the passage in paragraph 13.

So overall, the electoral college should be replaced by having the popular vote be the decider of who gets to be president. It's fair to the people and to the country.                             