Driverless cars could be the step toward a new world and new gerneration.

The driverless cars are not always a good thing though, because people feel the freedom of driving and love driving.

People also could have driver less taxi cabs, because of that over thousands of people would loose there jobs as a taxi driver.

There are people who agree with driverless cars, because if they are on a long trip and they have been driving all night and they fall asleep, and with the driverless car they are still safely on there way to there destiantion.

driverless cars will change the world, but sometimes that is not a good thing.

As I mentiond before there are tons of taxi and bus drivers across the United States and the world.

Now imagion all of those people who are working to support there family, and now they get fired because the new driverless taxi or driverless bus came out and took them all out of the job.

People would not get to experience the freedom of driving.

Driverless cars are not the worst idea of all.

Think of it like this you are handy capped or just at an old age where you should not be driving with the driverless car it helps them get to there destination saftly, or even if you were driving and you were playing with the radio and there was an accident in front of you and the car took over and started driving.

Think of it as the back up plan incase something happens.

My oppinion on the driverless cars are split I mentioned the good and bad of driverless cars, but if I had to choose I would say I do not want driverless cars.

My reasoning is I love that feel of freedom, and the feel of the open road.

People share a connection with there car weather it be they proposed to someone in it or they had there first kiss in it or it was the first time they went to an amusment park, no mater the case you share a connection with it.

The invention of driverless cars take away that bond because you are not driving a computer is, so a person's bond with a car is as strong as a person's bond with his or here children or husband or wife.

Nothing can beat the connection a person has with there car.       