"when people ask for advice the usually talk to more than one person"

\reasons why talking to more than one person is good:

you get more opinions you have more options you have more of an opportunity to get it accomplished because the more you talk about it the more stress it releases things that need to be included to get good advice:

full story how it all started even the part that makes you look bad the problem things that you can get advice about:

how to prevent a fight how to do better on a test how to strive to your goals life lessons how to solve a problem with the advice you get:

listen and take the advice step by step don't be nervous be positive stay away from the drama when asking for advice talk to more that one person because it helps make better decisions because all the advice you get will help you because you have more opinions to choose from.

when people ask for advice they usually talk to more than one person because it helps them make better decisions because they get more advice from more people. Everyone has different opinions so when you talk to more than one person it helps out because you have a lot of different opinions. when i ask for advice i like to be able to talk to more than one person because then i have a variety of opinions to choose from. Asking for advice does not always mean that you have to talk to more than one person because everybody has different opinions. some people think that you should not believe other people's opinion ans others believe you should listen to people's opinions.

when you talk to people for advice it helps you release more stress and make good decisions. It can also help you make a better choice because when you talk to someone for advice you look up to them. therefore if they are making good decisions they will inspire you to make good decisions also. when asking for advice don't just ask any random person ask like a family member, or friend, or teacher,counselor,principal at school. be careful who you ask for advice and share your information with because if you do it online then you could think it was your friend but could be a stranger on their account.

If you ever share any information or problems with the wrong person they could spread the rumor around your whole school,social media, and your outside life. only ask for advice and share your problems with people you can trust but be careful because anybody could turn their back on you. when asking for advice you have to be specific with what you need advice about. therefore that means tell all the details and dont leave anything out tell the full story. when getting advice a bout a problem that is going on,to get the best advice you must tell the full story and tell the things that make you look bad too.

Even though that it makes you look bad and shows that you mad bad choices it helps get better advice. When you tell the full story and the bad side that makes you look bad people understand because nobody is perfect everybody makes bad decisions. making bad decision is not always bad if you are doing it to help yourself or someone. but if you make a bad decision like just punch someone in the face then you should be in trouble. some advice you could get for a fight or something that was not your fault is like just walk away and go tell an adult,or just try to push them away but don't harm them,but if you accidentally punch them back but that is not your fault because you were just trying to defend yourself.

after getting advice for a problem try to solve the problem with the advice you got. when trying to resolve the problem after getting advice try to stop the drama not make more. first way to solve a problem,walk up to the person and say sorry. second way you could do it is like,hey can we just end the drama because there is no point of it. then if that does not work just don't talk to that person or anyone who is going to get you in that situation again.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               