Phones & Driving :

In my opinion I think we shouldn't you cell phones while driving, because that causes lots of accidents. This has become the number 1 distraction for people. Most teens have road rage

, and that is a bad feeling to have while behind the wheel.

Teens swear they can multitask

, no they can't that's why you should always focus on the road.

There are lots of ways you can use your phone though.

If you connect your phone to your car then, you will be good. Most teens like to buck and do what they want to do

, and that's how consequences come in. That is why a lot of accident be occurring so much, you guys be hurt so bad. There is always for teens getting hurt and dying because they wanted to have they phone and be on it while driving.

You shouldn't want to text and drive anyways.

It doesn't take that long to hit someone soon as you look down or anything like that.

There are reasons why is shouldn't text while drive . The phone will take your eyes off the road for a long time, and

Teens like they can do it but they can't safety first.

You will loose all of your focus towards your cellphone.

You will be sitting at the light for a while thanks to your phone. People will beep their horn and you will get a attitude.

We as young people, we think everybody is disrespecting us, but we be in the wrong cause we be on them cellphones while trying to drive. There has been a lot of teens dying than adults ,because of these cellular devices.

I'm not gone lie, some teens do know how to text and drive. They know how to Multi-task and everything. Some teens know when to get on that phone and when not to . For Example, you at a red light you can take a look at your phone, and do what you have to do . When that light turn green put your phone down, and continue driving . Some teens want to get on the phone no that is not a good idea.

In Conclusion, Texting and Driving is the number one distraction for us young people. I want to inform young people that it's a lot of consequences that come with this distraction. My opinion to teens Is please stay off your phones while driving, these phones is that a good reason to lose your life. Cellphones are big distraction to us on the road. We need to banish phones when we are on the road , we should be able to make it to our distination very safe and sound.                                                    