We should keep the Electoral College for a number of reasons. While it is usually thought of as "out of place", it is the fairest method in voting for our President. The Electoral College, first of all, the outcome of the Electoral vote is less likely to cause a dispute than the popular vote. Second, avoids the problem of Run-Off Elections. Last, the Electoral College helps balence the political weight for large states (by population). We need the Electoral College so not create any problems.

The outcome of the Electoral College vote is less likely to cause a dispute than the popular vote. The number of elctoral votes a candidate gets usually exceeds his popular vote. For example, "Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared to only 51.3 percent on the popular votes cast for him and Romney."  Since most of the states have a "winner-take-all" system, its easier to determine which candidate gets the elctoral vote if there is a plurality in the state. A tie in the electoral vote is possible, but not very likely, even if the total is an even number. Voting based on the popular vote would just cause more problems than we would like to deal with.

Run-Off Elections are avoided because of the Electoral College. Run-Off elections are elections that are caused when neither candidate recieves a majority of the votes given. As the article states, "Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College (301 and 370 Electoral Votes)". The Electoral College clearly shows who wins without any complications that would create pressure for run-Off Elections. We are releived of this pressure because we have the Electoral College.

Finally, the Electoral College helps balence the weight that large states lose because of

I urge this country to continue with the Electoral College as it always has! There may be better methods out there, but the Electoral College is the best system we have right now.                                                                                    