I think that we should get rid of the Electoral College. In "Does the Electoral College work?" and Sources 1-3 by the office of the Federal Register, Bradford Plumer, and Richard Posner. I think it is best if we get rid if the electoral college and the president gets elected by the populer vote.

I would be better if we got rid of the electoral college. In source two it said " Under the elctoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president". Us voting for other  people so that they can vite for the president feels as if we arnt even voting for the president at all. The winner take all system also so that whoever gets the mosts votes in that state gets all the electoral college votes. The person you voted for would not matter because what if the other person you did not vote for gets all electoral votes, then your vote did nothing to help on the person you voted for.

Electoral college was used because people who made it thought that it was a bad idea if they just let the people vote.

They thought we were njot qualified to elect a president so they made the electoral college so that they make a loop whole so they can vote.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            