7 out of 10 students in every school participate in at least one after school activity. After school activities consist of participating in sports, helping other students out, and cleaning the school. I disagree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students have other things to do at home, some parents won't allow their children to stay after school, and students will go home later than usual.

I disagree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because students have other things to do at home. Students have to do chores, homework, take care of their siblings, they wouldn't have time to do any of these things. They will have somehow make time or do it some other day. One example of this is one day the principal told me that I had to stay after school to do a sport. Next, I called my mother telling her that I had to stay after. I tried out for track and made the team, I had forgotten that my mother wanted me to cook the chicken because she wasn't going to be home. Later that day, I went home and my mother was furious! I felt so stupid for forgetting to go home and cook the chicken that she had prepared the day before. My mom yelled at me, but she ended up forgiving me but she didn't want me to stay after anymore even if the principal made me. Another example is one day I had to stay after school to clean the floors of the hallways because my principal said the custodians needed help. What's crazy is that same day was my sister's graduation! My own self even forgot to give my mother a call telling her that I was going to stay after. I eventually finished quite fast, actually. After, I walked home and my mother was waiting for me, she asked why I came home so late and if I don't care about my sister. I was literally confused, I had no idea why she was involving my sister into this. Finally, I realized why my mother involved my sister, it was because her graduation! I apologized, and I never stayed after again. Overall, this is why I believe that the principal should not make students participate in at least one after school activity.

My second reason why I disagree that all students must participate in after school activities is because some parents won't allow their children to stay after school. Parents are very protective over their children, it was hard enough for them to let us go on our first day of school in Kindergarten; now they have to be even more cautious. One example is one day I was in English, which is my last two periods in school. The principal went over the intercom saying that there was going to be tryouts for volleyball. I really wanted to try out, being in a sport is something I always wanted to do. Also, I wanted to get into better shape. After, I called my mother asking if I could stay after school to try out and she said no. My mother and I went back and forth arguing why she wouldn't let me. Her voice started to break and she said that she's scared and she doesn't want me to. So, I didn't try out, I missed all of the try outs for volleyball. Later, my mother got a call from the principal from my school asking why she didn't let me, he overheard our conversations when I was on the phone with her. My mother kept telling the principal that she's not going to let me stay after. Lastly, I never stayed after because I knew my mother was never going to let me. Another example is one day I stayed after school because they were going to play a horror movie in the auditorium and the principal wanted as much students that could stay. I was excited, I've never stayed after school before, it was going to be a day to remember. Soon enough, I feel my phone vibrate. My mother was spamming my phone with text messages! I ran out of the auditorium and called my mom, she was between furious and worried. She sounded like she wanted to cry but also wanting to yell at me and hit me. My mother picked me up from school and we drove around and she told me how if I wanted to stay after I had to let her know before hand. Overall, this is why I think that the principal should not make students stay after school because some parents won't let them.

My final reason on why I disagree that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity is because students will go home later than usual. When students stay after, it's usually for about two hours. In that case, that would mean if school ends at 2:50, then if you stayed after school you would go home around 4:50. An example is one day my friend named Generic_Name stayed after school for a yearbook program. Later on, the program took longer than she expected, she got home around five. Her father screamed at her for coming home so late. It was late for him because the sun was already going down. I felt so bad, she came to school the next day saying she couldn't stay after anymore for the yearbook program or anything dealing with staying after. Another example is I was staying after school for a track meet and I was the manager because the principal wanted me to be the manager. The meet ended at 7:30, I honestly didn't think the meet was going to end at 7:30. My sister came to pick me up and she said if my parents were home they were going to be so mad. I should've sent a text to my sisters or my parents telling them I was going to go home late. Overall, this is why I believe that students shouldn't have to participate in after school activities.

Because of students having to do other things at home, parents not allowing them to stay after school, and students getting home later than usual, I believe it should not be a must to do an after school activity, even if the principal wanted to. 