Our principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Do you agree with this rule? Yes I do, you see, there are a lot of things you can do as a extracurricular activity maybe you can join your schools sports teams like Baseball, Soccer, Football, or even Track and Field. The point I'm getting at is there are a lot of opportunities you can have with extracurricular activities. Don't like sports or dont want to move around to much?

Don't worry, there are plenty of other things you can do. Maybe you like photography you can join the Yearbook club or the Earths Wonders club. Want to help the environment and help clean up trash on the streets and roads? you can join the Better Tomorrow club. Dont worry though there are a lot more things you can do like maybe you are a creative person and like to paint, sketch, or draw. You may like the Art club full of great artists.

There is also a lot of musical opportunities such as Choir, and Band. In Choir you will be able to sing to your hearts content, go on trips, and sing in concerts. Maybe you dont like to sing you may like band. Band is a purely instrumental group composed of Brass, Percussion, Woodwind, and even Strings. If you like to make music, those are your best choices.

Don't like music and instead like to read. Our Book club might interest you. Just come on down to the library after school and talk about books you like to read. Thats not all though, there are also clubs for TV watchers as well. There is a anime club that talks all things Anime, and a Netflix club as well. If you like watching TV come on down to the Netflix club or Anime club.

If none of that sounds enjoyable or maybe cooking is your calling, our school holds a Culinary Arts club to help students learn and master the art of cooking.

lastly, there is the Teachers For Tomorrow, a group of students willing to teach the next generation of students. We also hold a Ethical Hacking and Computer skills class for those who like technology. There are so many clubs you can join and enjoy at read mountain, for information please ask one of our secretaries in the front office and they will give you a information slip of all the clubs and there meeting places. The club director will give you there specific club meetings. 