When people talk to more than one person for advice, they usually seek a common denominator

. A common denominator would be how random people have the same reason. Not only is it to see a common denominator, people would be able to make better decisions from looking at something with views gathered from peoples opinions. Say you were about to join the Navy. You would have great experience with water, like holding your breath underwater for a long time, going deep sea diving. You would also have to think about the risk you will be taking if you join. you become uncertain whether or not you should join, so you go survey fifty people if joining the Navy is a good idea. After the survey, you count who said yes, who said no, who was in between, and you look at there reasoning. some say to explore the world and see new things, some say it isn't worth the risk. the reason some people will find multiple views is to see whether something is worth it or not.

When I make a tough decision, i want to know how it will affect me in the future and with others. If I had important, long work to do over the weekend after doing a lot of work on the weekdays, should I relax on Saturday only to rush through it on Sunday after church, or should I finish it on Saturday to relax on Sunday after church? Before doing it, I would weigh the good and bad things about my options.

One of my examples will be mission seven in the recent Call of Duty: Modern Warfare game. In the mission, the player is sent to the embassy to retrieve the wolf, the main enemy in the game. you are sent against the Butcher, the right hand man of the wolf, who has brought militia warriors and the rioters. Now, the example I'm using isn't the player, but the rioters. At first, when I thought about it I was like,"I get the fact that the Butcher is after us, but why are there rioters? I get that the president did X,Y, and Z, but Jesus! I would've understood major protesting,not arming yourselves and banding together!".

In the Division, when the epidemic first started, most people had the same idea:Looting, Stealing, causing panic, arming yourselves,etc. In the Division 2, people were starting to think long term:Building communities, creating invention such as water purifiers, using solar power,etc. When the Division 2:Warlords of New York DLC cinematic trailer came out, it showed a random division agent going into a trading post. That trading post was a example of people trying to rebuild New York, and it's system. In conclusion, common denominators is the why a mass of people will do the same thing and what there reason behind it is.