Do you think that summer projects should be student or teacher-designed? Studies show that 40% of students with teacher-designed projects procrastinate and share answers on summer projects. I think that summer projects should be student-designed because students should have easier work over summer break, and it gives them more freedom on how to do their project.

The first reason why I think we should have student-designed projects, is because students should have easier work over summer break. Students over summer break should have easier work because they work hard all throughout the school year, and should have time to relax, and do things they would like to do.

Most students procrastinate their project and finish it a few weeks before school starts, so I think a student-designed project would be more beneficial as they could complete it quicker than a teacher-designed project.

My second reason why I think that summer projects should be student-designed, is that they can have more freedom and leniency on how to do their project.

Some students have a hard time doing assignments that have a lot of restrictions and can't focus on assignments that they aren't that interested in, including myself having trouble focusing on things that I find difficult or frustrating.

Also, students need to have free time to themselves since it is summer and need to make the project as enjoyable as possible.

One reason to have teacher-designed projects would be to have and exact rubric to follow and go down the list checking things off of what to do. Although, I think that a student-designed project is better because students should have easier work over summer break, and it gives them more freedom on how to do their project.

I think that summer projects should be student-designed because students should have easier work over the summer, and have more freedom doing their project.

I think this because students over summer break should have their projects be easy, but keeping the mind thinking, and having leniency while doing their project.

I think you should consider my argument and have student-designed projects.