When people ask for advice they usually ask multiple people to see all the different opines and witch one they think would best be able to help them. Image being the quarter back of the Baltimore Ravens think of how many different people he has to talk to or listen to for him to know what is going on and how to do it correctly.

Lamar Jackson is the QB of the Baltimore Ravens he is 23 years old and he has already made it to the playoff two years in a row and just this year he won MVP of the NFL and get better. Coming into the NFL he was not liked at all everybody that saw him saw what he could do just thought he was just a running QB and would never be anything different but turned out to become the leading QB to trow touchdowns this year and the best running QB ever in the NFL he shocked the world on what he could do most of all sliced the doubters.

This season for Lamar was amazing but he did have to go though a lot of hate from last season even though he did make to the playoffs he did not play good at all in the first half he threw only 3 times and did not even get a completion he looked and played awful he booed in on his home field and all the haters came back to try to bring him down with them but he did not let that happen he went to the QB's coach and asked him over the off season what could he do to improve himself. He asked his teammates to come with him to help him train he asked the back up QB to give him pointers on what he thought that Lamar could do better and Lamer listed and got better and better and he was ready to go out play with a chip on his shoulder from the last season and Come out with a bang.

Lamar did come out with something to prove and he showed that in Miami it was the first game of the season people thought the ravens wold win but not be how the did it they just killed them it was like the rave were playing a collage team they were not just trying to win they were trying to prove something after that horrible loss that had the year before and the score ended up being 59-10 it was total blow out and Lamar and the ravens were riding high until they lost 2 straight in week 3 and 4 so they were 2-2 on the season and barley won the next two against two teams that were not very good. Then the Ravens had to go into Seattle and show the what we were made of and we did the

Seahawks were a very good team and the ravens won and were 5-2 and never let up and ended the season 14-2 they just destroyed all the other teams but then again the ravens went up against the titans and the Ravens were supposed to kill this team but they were good and the ravens did not show up the play in that game lost and just like that their season was over but I think that Lamar will come back work hard ask people what be can do better get their opines and try to do the best he can to do them.

So in the end Lamar making sure he that he gets the help that he needs by asking diffent peole what he can do to make himself better I think he will be just fine for next year and the yars to come. When people ask for advice they usually ask multiple people to see all the different opines and witch one they think would best be able to help them.