Did you know schools in your area have decided all students must participate in at least one after school activity? Incredible news if you ask me. Being involved in extracurricular activitys has shown to have amazing results on young growing minds. They're good for your overall health, they improve your skill sets and have a helpful impact on schools.

Firstly, Being required to do a type of interactive activitly are not only expressive and fun but improve you mental and physical health. For example when playing a sport you practice getting stronger, improving your active ability and are getting in shape. You gain muscle and strength throughout your body. Your running gets much cleaner and your breathing gets more controlled. When I was really serious about my dancing skills I noticed a huge build up of leg muscle. Through out the years I've gotten alot stronger in my core and arms. Mentaly being active can take your mind of off hard times in your life. If you had a bad day at school or haven't been feeling your best, being active can make you feel alot more calm and have less anxiety. It takes you to a safe place. Every child should have access to something like that and the fact that not all kids do needs to change. Personally when I get in a fight with my parents I like to go for a run outside or play vollyball with my friends. I always end up feeling happier. Sports can also allow students release any anger or upset feelings they have. Some kids struggle with mentle health issues and don't all have resources to help. Playing a sport or being active can allow you to get ride of the upset feelings in a healthy way that won't harm anyone. I notice this can be a way to cope. It's okay to be angry but it's not okay to take your anger out on others or cause harm. There's also many ways after school activties can improve your different skill sets, here's some examples in the following.

Secondly, extracurricular activitys helps improve your different emotinal skills. You learn to be more dedicated. When you playa sport or apart of a club you're on a team and you need to be there for one another. When you miss a practice you're not only letting yourself down but you're letting your team down too. When someone misses a practice on my dance team it's hard for all of us. We have reblock dances or fill in peeple who arn't there. It's more work for us which is unfair. You also learn to be more motivated. You start to set goals for yourself and strive to achive those goals. It can work with your school and home life too. Motivation can also make you more confident and work harder to be successful. I used to struggle with feeling motivated but when I stared dancing I found a strive for working as hard as I can to get better. It can be stressful but it's worth it. Dedication is also a skill that is getting worked on. Being dedicatied is always doing your best no matter how easy something is. Dedication is found when you try your best and go above what is required. If your apart of a yearbook club you learn to stay dedicated to finish the book and make it look as good as it can. You don't give up when it gets too hard. Your school does alot for you and you should always give back to what you get in return.

Lastly, participating in after school activities helps improve you school. When being apart of sports your school provides, that's a way of donating money. You have to pay for things when you're apart of a team ( outfits, games ect). When giving money to your school it helps pay for field trips, better lunches, classroom design and lots more. My old school was able to have amazing field trips because we saved money from donations. Some after school activites can include art clubs, design groups and student council. We could make groups that help clean up trash around the school, let kids get creative and have art work around the school and create new ways students can express themselves and help others. The student council could be in charge of these groups and ensure work was being done. Finally after school groups and activites can help teachers and staff. School's are very dirty and it's a lot of work for only a few staff memebers to have to clean. Cleaning clubs could be a great way students can give back to our school. We could clean the floors, windows and bathrooms. Competive sports teams are a way to get our schools name out there so people pick going to our school rather than any others. If we have good sports teams that win parents will notice that and could end up sending their kids to our school. I have many friends that have moved schools to have better luck in getting into collage through good sports teams at their schools.

In conclusion, schools requiring all students to endore one after school activity not only shows they care but improves your health, adds to your skill sets and is very helpful for your school and making it a better place. Students may not be as joyful in the begging but will soon notice a huge postive change and outlook towards school everyday. What is your take on this topic ?