there are many thing in life people want and need such as money, families and fame. but what people dont understand is that most of what they want is stuff they dont need and they would be better off without it. cars are beginning to be something people dont need. all it is doing is causing more problems then solutions. Major people are starting to notice,presidents and governements, and are  acting apon it. limiting car usage would bring a lot of advavtages such as more pocket money, more excrises and less harm to the earth acorrding to Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota by Andrew Selsky, Paris bans driving due to smog by Robert Duffer and the end of car culture by Elisabeth Rosenthal.

Cars are defined as a motor vecheil that provides fast transportation for more then one person at a time. thats what most people veiw it as, what that dont know and relize is that it give people a lot more stress to deal with because of either car payments, repairs, or even runing out of gas.  acorrding to Heidrun Walter in the passage in german suburb, life goes on without cars she said that when she had a car she was always tense and now that she doesnt have a car sge is more relaxed and is better off without it. she doesnt have to pay for insurance, car payments, repairs on the car and not even gas. that will leave her with a lot of stress free moments.

cars do not only stress out people but they are pulloting the earth. almost all cars run on gas which is put in the car and releases pullotion into the earth. paris had to enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air of pullotion.... that is how much damage it is doing to the earth. it took five days the smog finally rivaled beijing, china which is know as one of the most pullated cities in the world. this could have made people go to the hostiptal because they could have gotten sick or even die from the pullotion. many countries are banning cars for a couple of days each year because of this global problem. according to car-free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota in colombia they have a program that bans cars a for a day which leaves people to walk, hike or even bike to where they need to go. its a good way to take away stress and lower air pullotion said carlos arturo plaza.

furthermore not only does it help the envirment for limting car usage and gives relief to peopl. it will also make people healther because they would then have to walk, ride or hike to work or any other place thay need to go. this will strength peoples bodies by doing everyday things more often.  it would require more work to walk to a destiantion rather then to sit down in a car and press on the brake and gas pedal with our foot. limting car usage will not only make people helthier but it will make people less lazy. for example if a person was lazy and had no food in his/her house they would just easly get in there car and drive to a local fast food restruant to get food. on ther other hand if they did not have a car they would have to walk all the way to the grocery story burning off lots of caliores and buying lots more food rather then stoping at a fast food place just to get a quick meal.

in clonclusion limting car usage would be a more beifical thing to do rather then a problem due to the stress reilf, envimental saftey and healther citzens.    