There is many different advantages to limiting car use. The  most important advantage to with this experiment is less gas emissions exit the exhaust pipes and cause greenhouse gases. This is a major advantage because our economy is filled with so much pollution and can and has caused serious damage to our health. The Environmental Protection Agency is promoting many car reduced communities. Paris, France enforced a driving pan to clear its air of smog and toxic gases. Any motorist who got caught driving was forced to pay a fine of $31. If refusal to pay the fine came to, The drivers car was impounded. The main cause of this smog in Paris was caused by diesel fuel. Diesel vehicles make up 67 percent of vehicles in Europe.

Another main benefit from car and driving reduction is exercise. Instead of driving people can ride a bike, walk, jog or even run to get to their destination. In Bogota, Columbia there is a program that is possible to spread to other countries. Millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car free day. In America studies show people are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses each year. This can help stop the obesity rating not only in the U.S. but also in many other countries.

Finally, Another advantage is people can save a whole lot more of money each week, month, and year. People of every country spends hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions on their car. Whether it is for gas or buying a completly new car, People are consistently spending hard earned money on something that can be avoided with a nice relaxing walk. With citizens not spending money on these so called "necessities", they will be able to buy more important things. For example, Many people will be able to purchase a newer home instead of living in a weekly rent pay of an apartment. This can give many people the feeling of accomplishment and the feeling of control over their life. They will also be able to purchase food and drink so they don't starve or dehydrate. Many people go hungry everyday and suffer from dehydration. With vehucles gone people can save the necessary money needed for more life saving things.                    