A Facial Action Coding system sounds like something that would be invented or created in the far future. So if there is a real such thing as a facial action coding system it seems that there aren't many negatives as to why it shouldn't be used in a classroom setting today. The Facial Action Coding System should be used in the classroom setting because it will show students understandment, interest level, and overall thoughts over a topic or subject. Also another plus is it could show students themselves something they may be interested in which they didn't know even themselves.

So imagine a class where there is a Facial Action Coding System on a computer for each student to use, there would be so many benefits to using something like this, it sounds perfect for a classroom setting. First of all, it would show teachers the understandment level of students to a certain topic or subject, so if there is a subject or topic in which kids faces were scanned for their feelings about that subject, the teacher could maybe improve or make the lesson easier for students, which overall would create a better education system for the sutudents in the class and better oppurtunity. The second reason as to why it would be valuable to have the facial action coding system int he classroom would be because it would show students and teachers levels of interest kids may have on a certain subject or topic. For example say there are kids in a class and they begin there science notes or studies etc., and some kids have more higher interest feelings than others on the topic, that can show both teachers and even students what they truly feel about science, and it can lead to helping kids making bigger decisions in their lives, such as whether or not they want to pursue a career with lots of science involved or not. The third reason to use facial action coding system would be because it is universal. From the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile", it is said that "The facial expressions for each emotion are universal." The facial expressions for each emotion being universal means that anyone from anywhere around the world can use this as a tool to help them succeed in school, no matter what ethnicity they are from, and if they look different. Also if this facial action coding system is universal, imagine how accurate it is. So it definetely would be valuable to classroom setitngs all around the world, and would creat greater oppurtunites for students to get a better education.

To conclude, the Facial Action Coding System would be valuable to a classroom setting because it shows understandment, shows interest, and is universal which could also mean it is extremely accurate and enhanced. The Facial Action Coding system has many benefits to it which would be a great help to teachers in a classroom as well. The Facial Action Coding System could be used as a tool to succeed to many around the world. And so overall, the Facial Action Coding System is great and would be extremely valuable to classroom settings. 