Dear Principle,

I would like to agree with you. I think its actually a good idea to not let the students participate in sports or other activities unless they have a grade B average. The reason I agree and think this is because that way the students will focus more on their grades to raise them, students will be more interested in the activities, and the school will have an excellent reputation.

All the teachers would love if all their students would a grade B average, this will make them focus more on their grades. Most of the students can care less about their grades. If they would actually change this, the students would actually want to focus and try their best in order for them to be able to get into sports or any other activity. Also, if students would want to try harder they would raise up their grades a lot. I think that's an excellent thing that not only teachers would love but also the principle. So why not change it?

If this were to be changed the students would be more interested in the activities, because they would see that most people will raise their grades to be able to participate. Most of the time students don't really care to get into a sport or anything, but if they see that other students with a grade B average actually like it, they will get more interested and actually do something interesting with their life. If this would help out more students to become independent and responsible, there should be a change.

Not only would this help out the students but the school as well. It would make the school have a better reputation because of the students grades. No school wants to be known as the school that has students of low grades even if they're grade C average, it would be better to be known as having grade B average or grade A. Also, it would help more in the reputation because more kids would want to come to it, and the more students there is the much better and nicer it is. This would change the reputation of the school into a nicer way.

Once again i agree with the principle's statement and think that it would be better to change the school policy for the students only to be able to participate in a sport or other activities with a grade B average. This will not only help out the students but also the school itself and teachers & principle. If this would make a drastic change why not change it?

Sincerely,

Student.