Scientists are claiming that it is worthy to explore Venus even though it is risky. However it is dangerous to explore venus, but scientists are willing to do it anyway. Scientists challenged themselves to explore Venus due to human curiosity. Their goal is to expand the the view to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation.

It would be interesting to know what is Venus cabaple of.

Studying Venus would be worth a risk. However not a single person can land on Venus for no more than an hour. In the article of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" it say "researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from a distance." it gets interesting when those material are denied from Venus. Therefore, scientists are challenging themselves to explore Venus and study it.

NASA is also working on other accessbility to studying Venus. They are attempting to use an old technology, mechanical computers, the first device envisioned during World War ll. Modern technology is smarter but when it comes to physical conditions, it does not have the capablity of preventing itself. New technology can not resist heat.

For more information, NASA is allowing sending scientists to float above the fray. In the ariticle of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", it say " solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." from this phrase, you can tell that scientists are really pensive about exploring Venus. Even though it is a difficult condition, they are willing to explore it, at least it is survivable for human.

All in all, scientists claimed that studying Venus is a worthy even though it wil be difficult. Scientists challenged themselve to make an outcome. In paragraph 8 of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", it say " our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the every edges of imagination and innocation." to show that scientists take these challenges seriously. 