If you want good advice would you rather have the good advice because of multiple people's ideas or be lazy and only ask one person for advice and it will be a more likely a mediocre opinion. When asking for multiple opinions on a subject you most likely can thrive in what the advice was for. When people ask for advice,they often talk to multiple people because of better opinions,different ideas,and most people when asking for advice they would not be lazy and ask multiple people.

When people are asking for advice,they often talk to multiple people because they might have a better opinion because they could have thought of something that you have not come up with and that could help them majorly or it could help them in a minor way but it still helps them. When I ask for advice I want to find a common idea throughout all the people I ask because that could a common and a better way to do the thing I am asking for. The opinion could be smarter and move thought out because people give different advice. When giving advice you tell them most of the time what you would do in there situation and based on your experiences that makes your answer. When you are getting opinions you can build trust with that because they can use there advice and it works they can now depend on your judgments on certain things or maybe everything depending on the person. In my experience when I use the advice that a person has given to me it helps form a bond because I know I can trust that person with there judgment on that certain subject. In conclusion when people ask for your advice, they will most of the time talk to another person about it also but they do it so they can get a better opinion because of people thinking of something you haven't,smarter or more efficient opinions,and can build trust with a person because they give you a better opinion.

When people ask for advice,they often talk to multiple people because everybody might have different ideas or opinions. When getting different ideas it can help you because you can see in a new and different perspective and a new outlook and there advice could mean something totally different then what you thought it meant. When I learned about a new perspective I looked at different things in two perspectives and now if people ask for advice then I become more versatile became of the depth I have in this area and I can look at it two ways. There is always another method and that is to combine both ideas and or opinions together to make one really good piece of advice. If I were to combine two ideas that are both good the opinions on it will not be the same as having one piece of good advice because of the value each one has and the importance that each one has and combining two good piece of opinions together they advice can give more help and is going to be a efficient and it will be better advice. When you start combining opinions together it starts to become a habit and it will be a good work habit because when you are working in groups you can get better feedback to the bettering of the group. When I started asking for different opinions in group work or group projects it helped me better than someone else just doing it for me then the group has different ideas thriving and making it a successful project or piece of work we are doing. In closing when people ask for opinions, they often talk to multiple people because they want different ideas and or opinions because they can get a new perspective,they can combine ideas,and they can create good working habits.

People think that just one person is enough to ask for advice but what if the advice is not good and it very one sided or a mediocre advice? If you ask for advice and the advice is not good then asking only one person is a lose-lose situation and then you start to lose trust in that person because of the failed advice and then something might happen since the advice has failed. If you ask multiple people what they say you can combine your's and there's and have a more than decent advice then have a set up to fail advice. If you are being lazy and only asking one person for advice it is more of a lose-lose situation then a win-win situation because of the failure that is awaiting you and even if the advice works it will not work as well as asking multiple people for the same advice. I have only asked one person for advice before and the advice ended up not working and then something bad happened after because of only asking one person and evidently I found out that asking more people is more efficient and better than asking only one. In summary when people act lazy and only ask one person instead of asking more there is more of a loss then gain and that is why asking the same question to multiple people are efficient.

I believe that you should ask multiple for advice before making your final answer. If you ask for advice you should ask multiple people because of the better opinions,the different ideas,and most of the time people will not be lazy about asking for advice. I believe that when asking for advice for multiple people it helps you understand in different ways and helps you grow on your way of thinking and in a way makes you more knowledgeable.