I believe that students should no be able to attend classes from home because,and here are my three reasons. They tend to be very socially awkward and towards other kids,my not learn as much as they should and as fast as they should in order to pass school,and also many students in rural areas in the world still dont have access to wifi/internet sadly.

The students and why they become socially awkward is due to them not having the school kids judge them, because that is the way the world is it seems now a days. And kids to say are not getting to say bullied or judged in school and need to get tough and thicker skinned because in life not everyone solves your problems they need to learn us teenagers plus are whining babies that still go to mommy for all of there problems, We are teenagers this generation needs to get tough or get lost. Which is sad to say and is a really honest opinion of mine.

Second reason being is students not being where they are supposed to be at their age and what grade they are supposed to be in and that is a factor. Because students donÃ‚Â´t always do what we are told I am guilty of that one sometimes, and also it has been proven that it is harder to do self governing work that is necessary to do. For example is the many online classes here at my school half the kids fail due to them not doing the work that is assigned and then never make it up or even try sadly.

Finally the third reason is lack of internet access and wifi reception which is a constant problem for rural schools. Who have less then 300 kids and the students parents also not having the money to afford it is a problem also in which has not been sorted out yet. But for a fact our superintendent Generic_Name is working on a solution for it and has already came up with wanting to park buses with wifi in the more rural areas of the county to help students pass class and pass with good grades.

The conclusion is that students should not have the opportunity to have classes at school and go though school their parents did years ago school is one thing that should not change it ways. For example my parents remember the times before SOLÃ‚Â´S and they had exams which sounds not bad because many classes in our county have both which is tough to handle but its always doable. And my position on this topic is final on not having classes at home.