Educational resources are readily available to all students in a school environment, but they are also at home too. Via online or video conferencing, some schools offer this as a option to students. They attend the class while they are in the comforts of their home.

Whether students prefer home or school, education can be found in many places. In a home, the student can attend the class via video conferencing or online while staying in the comfort of their home. Furthermore, the student could have more time to spend with their family and pets while also working on their school work. School can be stressful to some students and having their pet around could help their stress. If the student doesn't have a pet, their parents could help relieve their stress, having your parents around to help you could be less stressful.

Stress can be the number one reason why some students choose to do their learning at home via online or video conferencing. Laying in bed while doing school work could be less stressful to some since you don't have to leave the comforts of your bed for school. My friend, who actually does online school, says their stress is low since they don't have to worry about being late to class or worry about waking up so early to attend school. Waking up early could be another reason some students wish to attend class at home. A friend of mine wishes to do online school next year to avoid waking up at 6:00 A.M every morning to get ready for school.

Waking up at 6:00 A.M every morning isn't ideal for everyone; Nevertheless, students are required to some form of education whether it be online or in a educational center. Being able to wake up later is another reason why online school could be preferred. My friend says that waking up later is less stressful and tiring and is the reason why they chose online schooling. The friend also states that waking up later is rejuvenating, relaxing, and better.

Those are a few examples of why some students could choose online schooling. While it could be less beneficial to some who have trouble focusing, others it could be the stepping stone they need to be successful.