In some areas around the world students are required to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break. In thought this is a great idea, it allows for students to continue their education outside of school using their own knowledge as a catalyst. However, these projects can either be designed by the teacher, or designed by the student. I believe that the student should have full control over their summer project because it allows for them to be more free with it and actually do a subject they can enjoy, and they can set their own deadlines for certain parts of the project so they aren't stressed over their vacation.

If students were given permission to design their own projects it would allow for them to do a project on a topic they are either really interested in, making so they actually want to do research and other tedious work, or a topic that they find fun and interactive. By using this system students will learn to be their own leaders and their decision making ability will be shown as the outcome of their project. Not only will this project be a kick starter for their brains during the summer, it will also be a chance for the student to grow as an individual and learn to make important decisions. Not only will this system give students a chance to show their passion for a topic, but it will also allow them to be more free form about how they do it, which will allow for their personalities to develop and grow as a whole.

Secondly, the whole reason for summer vacation is to give students a chance to rest after a grueling nine months of school. No student want to purposely work on an assignment they have no interest in, and continuous work on these assignments will just make a student very monotone and non-energetic. If the student is forced to turn in papers, they have no interest in, over the course of the summer they may be burnt out and unwilling to work by the time the school year finds its way back into the lives of our students. This simple problem can easily be fixed by giving the student full power and decision making roles of their project, letting them decide what parts of their project are due, and when.

Now some teachers or even parents may see this as a way for students to slack and turn in mediocre work as a sort of side effect of having control, but fear not. Before a school year is over teachers shall be tasked with assessing their students ideas and helping them expand those ideas if they are weak, or not suitable for creating a project. Through this trial and error of finding a subject students will be able to find a subject that truly matters to them and will make them motivated to work. This trial and error will be key for the students success, as it will show how much they are willing to do in order to find a subject they can dig their teeth into and create something masterful.

While doing a project at all during summer vacation may seem like a struggle and a hassle, it doesn't have to be. If students are allowed free choice and decision making of their project then they will put in the effort and go the extra mile for their projects. Thus giving teachers and parents nothing to worry about, but instead something to look forward to, as they will be able to truly understand what drives their students and rising adults to put in their best efforts.