The project should be student-designed for various reasons. Children of any age have very creative minds and that could be very good when it comes to this project. Being that it is a summer project, it would be a lot easier on the students to make the project student-designed. A lot of children have jobs or get jobs in the summer so it would be better on those kids and others to have a self-designed project. The project being student-designed would cause students to pick their strongest topics, get more creative, and manage their time properly.

Students should be able to plan their own projects. If the students were able to plan the project, they could pick a topic they felt they were strong in. Having a teacher pick your theme or topic could be very hard if you were not strong on the topic they picked. For example, a teacher assigns a project on the solar system and that child doesn't know much about it, it's not going to be a A+ project. The student knows a lot about Albert Einstein, but he could not pick his own topic. Student-designed would result to better grades. A self-designed project would let the teacher know how her students think and what they feel they are strong in.

Also, you could get more creative when the project is self designed. When you come up with an idea by yourself it makes the project well put together. Students would be able to incorporate all their true colors, true feelings, and lots of meaning into this project. You have no limits when you are designing something that you feel strongly about. For example, with a teacher-designed project you have limits such as a certain amount of words, color, and size. For some students those kind of rules are hard to follow because they want to express their inner self.

Lastly, making the project student designed would result to better grades and finished products. Students would know how much time everything takes to get done and they would not be rushed. Not having a rushed project would result to more passing grades. Students would be more comfortable presenting because they know their projects does not look have to look like everyone's project. They would also let people know how they think by the amount of color, drawings, and length of the project.

In conclusion, it would be a good idea to make the project self-designed. Students have a different mind set from everyone else, so it would be a good way to see how each one thinks. Having a student-designed project could benefit both the teacher and the student in many ways. The teacher could learn a lot about the school year ahead of her and what kind of students she going to have. And students would find their inner selves and natural talent without even knowing. The project should be an student-designed project because students could pick their strongest topics, get more creative, and manage their time properly. 