Do you ever wonder if asking more than one person for advice can help someone make a better choice? I think asking more than one person for advice can help someone make a better choice because they get multiple options to choose from. Another reason why I think asking more than one person for advice can help someone make a better choice is because advice can be hard to get from only one person. Another reason why asking more than one person for advice can help someone make a better choice is because advice from more than one person gives you more advice to think about. Getting advice from more then one person is a better choice because you have multiple options, it can be hard to get from only one person, and it gives you more then one idea.

Asking more than one person for advice can help them make a better choice because they have multiple options to choose from. Having multiple options can help someone make a better choice because they might not agree with someone. It could also help someone because they could choose one that they like and dislike because they have multiple options to choose from. For example if I needed advice for high school and I ask multiple people, I could choose which advise I liked the most. Another example would be If I needed advice on how to get good grades at school and I ask multiple people if I don't agree on what someone else said I could agree with someone else and take their advice.

Advice can be hard to get from only one person because you need to get other people's advice on what you need advice on. Another reason why advice can be hard to get from one person is because you also need to get more than one persons opinion. For example if I ask my friend for advice and she gives advice and I don't like it, I would go to someone else because I didn't like the advice she gave to me. Another example would be if I ask someone for advice and they give it to me and I don't like it I would go to someone else. That is why it's important to get advice from more than one person because you might have not liked the advice someone gave to you so you go to another person.

Getting advice from more then one person gives you more advice ideas to think about. For example if I ask someone for advice and I ask someone else and they both give me great advice I can have two advice to think about. Another example would be I ask multiple people for advice and they give me advice and I like both of the advice multiple advice to think about. Getting more then one opinion can help someone make a better choice because they have more then one advice to think about and they can choose which advice they like the most. Getting advice give you more ideas to think about.

Advice can be hard to choose from, but asking multiple people can make it easy because you have different options to choose from. Sometimes when people give you advice you might not agree with them, but the more people you ask the more advice you get, and the more advice you can choose from. In my opinion asking more than one person for advice is a better choice because you get different answers from people. When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than on person because they need to get more then one opinion. Asking more than one person for advice is a better choice.