Dear Principal,

I STUDENT_NAME have yet again do agree with you. students should not be able to play sports or participate in other activities because we should not just come to school for any thing. We come to school to learn not just to do work to just get by. Many of you boys and girls play basketball, cheerlead, run track, play football ect... but lately have you looked at your grades. Teachers come to school early to teach and you should come to school to learn.

One reason i agree with the principal new policy is because students do not want to be in a class room and feel that they are not learning. In life its not just all about doing what you can to just get by. Bad graded on a report card is not success its also not a good thing to score low in a class or to just not want to learn period. Being dumb is not a good thing. Yes students should not be able to play in sports or be in other school activities if they have a c average if they can do good after school why cant they prove that during school hours.

In addiction, i do agree to the principal because why do so good at a game but not during the hours that you are at school. in my opinion i really do not think that if your graded are bad then you should not participate in all the after school activities, because you are just wasting your teachers time to come to school and teach you. we need to do our job so they can do there's.

Further more, i do agree to the principal new idea of not allowing students to play sports or participate in all of the after school activities because why come to school to take up space and to breath air. don't waste your time in the morning to come to school and do that. being in all the after school activities is not going to help you pass. keep in mind that do well in school can take you a lone way in the future.

Hence, i STUDENT_NAME does agree with the principal on not allowing students to participated in after school activities because teachers need to do there job and we do to, also there is no point in wasting time, if you can do good after school; do well were it really counts.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME