I think that you should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program because ,It helps animals, you can have a great story to tell to your chilldren, and you can have fun. Well if that did'ent convinc you than, hears something that might, Luke Bomberger him self said "He found time to have fun on board, especially on return trips after the animals had beeen unloaded."The Cowboys also played baseballand volleyball games in the empty holds where animals had been housed. Table-tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass time." Before all of that Luke and the crew took care of the horses, young cows, and mules that were shiped overseas. When Luke and his friend Don they were sent right to work. Luke was a little ahead of him self becaus he helped out his aunt Katie on her farm as a boy , but his chalang was the dangerous seas.

Now Luke was in his early 20s and he was on his second night of wachman job, that ment that Luke had to check the animals every hour. It was a rainy night ,he was making his hourly report to the captin. on his way down he sliped down aladder on his back. Luke shot feet first to an opening on one side of the boat but a small strip of metal stoped him from falling into the dark, cold,tarorizing Atlantic.

He had crackend a couple of his ribs. In Lukes life time Luke had made nine trips the most of any Seagoing Cowboy.

Being Sea going Cowboy is much more Than a great time its an opportunity for you it giving you achance to see the word, and it shows you how much we are given in are country than other people around the world.

That awareness stays with you forever like it did with Luke Bomberger. After you do this you can tell stundents and others about what you did to help others ,and you might even make an impact on others. For being in his 20ntys Luke was a smart young man for what he did.

So what chose are you going to make during your life , help ,or let animals die and people that need the food to servive and let them die to die?

Whats your chose?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      