Some schools offer the option of attending classes by "online" or "video conferencing". This may not be a good idea because how does the student going to get responsible? or how can the teachers know if the student is not cheating on a test?. Is there any benefit to know is this option is going to help the student phsychlogy, mentally or physically?. Education is too important! And a better way of learning is by attending to SCHOOL! The way as many people done it. Also, by this way attending to school students might join in sports, activities, etc. It gives more benefits and helps to refresh your mind. School gives classes of "PE" which is important because doing sports is healthy.

In 2015, a student at Generic_School took the option to attend classes by online because the student was not a "social" person which means the student did not like to communicate. But after all the student did regret it. The student noticed that communication is too important because is part of education and how to success in life. The words of the student to advice the students were " There is no more benefits than attending to school. School does help you to your knowdlegde and prepare you for your future. Did not like the fact of waking up too early and to deal with all those people every single day, but here is the thing as people we cannot avoid people. It does affect you plus It does not make sense at all. Why? because WE ARE THE PEOPLE. What I learned by taking this option and what made me regret it was : We are the community, we are the voice of the world and as a group working together we can make big changes and a better society as well. And classes from home by the way online or video conferencing, this does not give you "P.E" classes and doing sports is wealthy. So by now attending to school is the best option for everyone." The student had excellent grades, scholarships, made new friends than he expected to have. Where is he now by making the best option? He is now at SCHOOL_NAME preparing for his major as a lawyer. He became an example for many students that have the same issues as he had.

As an immigrant this is a real big request, they must attend classes by going to school. It is too important because the lack of language and credits are needed. United States is an immigrant country and their schools has these excellents programs called "Esol". Of course, immigrants need these kind of help. They need to get involved by attenting to school. Why? Many immigrants come to this country to have a better future, they absolute have different customs, a different kind of thoughts, etc. So that infers a lot more than you think...Especially, each country have a different system's programs for graduation like in South America you only need to pass all of your classes for graduation, but how many classes are they? More than 17 classes. In United States you need to pass all of your classes plus the SOLS. This is the reason why immigrants must attent to school, It does help you to refresh your mind, to have new thoughts, new experiences, and to know what you need for graduation. Its is hard because Immigrants needs an esol teacher and to not attend to normal classes for awhile as long as you learn the language.That is why it takes a little longer for them to graduate and that is why they do need to attent to school. To understand much better the topics of each SOL class because they do need credits as any student. Otherwise if they choose the option to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing is not going to help them as much as the school will.

In conclusion, a better learning is by attending classes from school because school give you more opportunites, more methods of learning, to socialized, to communicate. It inpires you to keep going and to have an idea of what you want your future to be like. Which means it prepares you for life. Any issue that you have they will help you to work on it, to find a solution. Like this student did not like to communicate at all, but he noticed that attending to school is the best option because it gives you the ideas of what you want to do, the opportunity to meet the college you want to go. To know what you can do to improve yourself! Also, It helps immigrants to learn the language with this program to pass your SOL classes to graduate, they receive a double help from school. Going to school has more benefits than you think so you need to fight for it because anything in this life is not easy, but is worth it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            