Imagine being in a driverless car and the car turing against you and crashing. That is the exact reason why I am aganist driverless cars. I feel like driverless cars are dangerous, unreliable, and not affordable. This article made me feel like it is even more unsafe than I orginally thought. I feel like it is unsafe for people to be in a car that does not have a driver, because of it's limited abilities and how little technology there is for it.

I think that having a driverless car is dangerous because of its limited abilities. The article said that driverless cars can not navigate through work zones and around accidents or pull in and out the driveway. If the person in the driver seat were to fall asleep at the wheel or be completely distracted how would vibrating their chair and flashing light get their attention. The technology could malfunction and that is extremely dangerous. Imagine being in the passenger seat going 60 MPH on a highway and you have a gaming device or are watching TV in your car, and then out of no where you wrecked into something else. You had no warning or no advisery that you were in a dangerous situation because that technology failed you and just caused a crash. The only solution that could possibly work is for manufactures to have cameras in the car watching the driver that is a positive. It could also be a negative based off of how it is a invasion of privacy. The smart roads would help in these situations but would cost to much money so it's practially eliminated.

Having a driverless car is plain out unreliable. If everyone has a driverless car the roads would be filled with computers and technology controlling every move and turn on the roads. Just one thing could go wrong and there could be a serveral car accidet or someones life could just have been taken. What if the steering starts acting up and it can stay in the right lane and another car has a driver who isn't paying attention then they collide. All that happened just because a car steering started messing up. Something even worse could happen for example the brakes stop working. Imagine going the speed limit down the street but someone was speeding and just got in a accident right in front of you. The seats start vibrating so you wake up and see the situation in time and try to hit the brakes and it didn't work. That would've caused another accident based off of it's unreliability with its technology. The coordination system could mess up and you end up somewhere completely off target then what you were expecting to be. All the unpredictable factors that make driverless cars unpredictable just overweight the postives of a car driving you because you don't feel like driving.

It could be to expensive for everyone to get a self driving car. Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan plan to have self driving cars by 2020. The question is will be able to afford the car or be able to pay the insurance. Most cars are expensive but afforadble over a course of years because you pay a monthly payment. Imagine buying this brand new self driving car and then crashing it even though it wasn't your fault and you already went broke trying to pay for it. How would you even be able to pay for it to get fix, the thing is you would not be able too. It might be to expensive for the average person.

I think it just is not smart to have self driving cars on the roads. It is to hazardest for people to mainly rely off of it when anything could go wrong. They are trying to make it more safe by putting in cameras, or vibrating seats, and entertainment to keep you away. That's all positive stuff but that doesn't mean it is realistic. There is no promise that any of that could do what it is expected to do. I think we should just stick to people driving cars for a better and safer driving experience on the road. It's to dangerous, and unreliable, and potenially to expensive for the average person. Let's let humans do the driving and stop having technology run our lifes. 