From my own observations, many kids when they come to school end up skipping class, falling asleep on their desks, and continuing an overall confusion with whats going on. To combat these centralized issues, schools are starting to offer a home bound option for students looking to learn away from school. With the new found freedom of taking classes and listening to lectures at home, comes many benefits.

For many kids and young adults, being in the atmosphere of school is stressful enough to stop them from getting their education. Class is suppose to be a place of comfort and learning, however as soon as people walk in they can immediately shut down. The anxiety of a full classroom of people that you don't like, all talking too loud for you to hear, stops many students from even paying attention in class. Furthermore, when students get overwhelmed in classes, they walk out of class and miss concepts all together. With online teaching you can insure that kids are at the least listening to the lesson.

If you were to ask any high school or college student what they with they had more of, sleep would be at the top of the list. On average, people are suppose to endure eight hours of sleep to be fully rested. Unfortunately, I don't have a single friend that has been able to do this continuously for more than a day out of a week. Many kids, because of after school jobs or extra curriculars, get home fairly late on school nights. By the time they have eaten dinner, finished their homework, and maybe spent an hour on free time, they have completely missed the eight hour window when they wake up at seven the next morning. Having online classes or video conferencing prevents kids from needing to get up early for school, and instead keeps them at a comfortable level in their pajamas.

One of the versatile things about having prerecorded class lesson or set times to listen in is a great way to let material sink in. Not only does it keep people engaged in the conversation, but it allows slower readers, or anyone needing to really get a concept, to re listen to discussions. To continue, having a centralized place where students go to find work and lessons prevents confusion of assignments. I've had personal problem in the past where I didn't fully understand what was being taught, but we just kept moing on. If I had that class online, I would have the option to go back and learn what I missed.

The offered distance programs that are being made today promote a safe, easy, and fast way for teens to blossom into adults on their own time. Working from home gives kids more free time for out of school activities, keeps drama out of the learning space, and provides a smart new way to meet behind students needs. 