Technology that reads students' emotional expressions should absolutely be used. This technology would make it possible for a computer to know how a student is feeling during an assignment, which could help with advances in later work.

Confusion, boredom, anger, whatever a student is feeling during an assignment a computer can pick that up. In paragragh six,Dr. Haug states,"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored. Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." This could change lots of things. If a computer notices a student getting bored from an assignment, perhaps they can make the next assignment more interesting. When a student is bored during an assignment, they tend to not be completely focus or to not do the work. With this technology computers could prevent students from getting bored during assignments, which could result in more students doing their work. This technology could also help students when they are confused or don't understand something in the lesson, by modifying the lesson, which could be needed for many students.

In the article aslo states, "If you smile when a web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown,the next ad will be different." This could change alot for students that have any type of social media. Social media could become much more popular using this type of technology. Students will see things they like, thus pleasing them. Then, they will begin to like social media even more and maybe even encourage others to join.

This new technology could change alot for students and even students with life on social media. Students would do much better in school if this technology were to be used in schools. Assignments turned in on time would become more effecient, students would pay attention to their work instead of dozing off, and students would not be as confused and have more help with their assignments. While students will also grow to love social media much more, resulting in more money for the distributers of social media. This technology could be a win for students and social media.