Have you ever asked for another person's advice because, you don't know what to say? When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. For an example, the person that you ask might have the exact advice you were looking for. Their advice might be a ton better than another person's. Last example, their advice might be extremely helpful.

The person that you ask might have the advice you were looking for. That could be the advice to ask people personal questions. It also could be the advice you needed to have courage and stand up for yourself. People have the advice you might need to learn you self manners. Like your parents, they don't always give the advice you want so, that is why you dont be embarrassed to ask for advice.

Sometimes, another advice might be a ton better than one another. Some people have different opinions. So, that means you will have to ask more people until you agree with them. I asked my dad for advice to tell my friend that I was responsible for his phone at the pool, and it fell into the water and tore up. My dad said,''Just go tell your friend what happened and apologize.'' My dad's advice he gave me worked my friend forgave me and I bought him a new phone.

However, sometime the advice the person you asked might be extremely helpful. The person you asked might have the same opinions as you but, that might be a bit rare and hard to find them. The person you ask might have the same thoughts about the advice they might give you. Sometimes you might be lucky and luck up to find good advice you need. Its difficult to get the specific, and certain advice you are looking for.

Finding the advice you need or want is hard. Sometimes, you might have to look up at your older brothers, sisters, and maybe your parents. Advice could be good or bad you just never know what type of advice might get.

Good advice builds up courage to say something or give a speech in front of hundreds of strangers. Its good to ask or advice because, advice is helpful,more on topic, and better said by other people.     