Kids don't always make it to school. They might be sick, sleep in too late, have family issues, or are just on a vacation. To keep on track with their learning some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. This could be useful for students who are sick a lot, are on vacation, or they just couldn't get to school that day.

When students are sick and they have to stay home from school they miss a lot of content that they have to make up without the teacher's lesson. A student might get lost and not learn the material correctly because the teacher wasn't there to help them or they just didn't do the work at home. If they had a video lesson from their teacher they would learn the material, do the work along with it, and fill in any notes that they missed from that class period.

Lets say that a student went on vacation in the middle of the year and missed a week of class, they would have to make that all up themselves without the teacher's lesson to help or guide them. The student will fall behind immensely and their grade will drop. The student will eventually fail the

SOLs because they took a vacation and fell behind. The online class will prevent that by helping them while they are gone.

When a student oversleeps they usually have their parent or older sibling drive them to school, but what if they don't have an extra ride to school and just have to miss their classes. The online class would be perfect for a situation like this where they just couldn't make it to school. Also the online class could work for students that don't have a specific class at their school that they want to take, so they can use the online class to take the class from another school.

In the end, online classes could be useful for students that miss a lot of school or just aren't there all the time. It could be used for students that can't take a specific class, that are sick for a few days, or just couldn't make it to school on time.