I think you should join the Seagoing Cowboys because, You get to see and visit many cool or weird places that many people may never get to see in their life. You have a lot of free time after you clean the stalls, feed, water and groom the animals. With a lot of free time on your hands you have a lot of time to play games such as, Volleyball, Baseball and other games. A cool thing I have learned about being a Seagoing Cowboy is like me, If you turn 18 while on The Seagoing Cowboy progam, and you're able to be drafted, if you do manage to get picked, being on the Seagoing Cowboys Program counts as Military service.

When you join the Seagoing Cowboys you help people in need. You help people in need of food, and suplies to survive. Being a Seagoing Cowboy opens the world up to you and makes you relise that there all many people all over the world that need help. The UNRRA signed people who didn't have very good jobs or good pay and made them Seagoing Cowboys to help others trying to recover from wars and other disators.

While being a Seagoing Cowboy I had to check on the animals every hour to three hours. Cleaning stalls and feeding all the animals takes up a long period of time. You had to get down loads of bales of hay and oats which ment you had ot be strong. You also need to be careful around the ship and being on the ship, you could get hurt by one of the animals or something could happen to you like what happend to me, I fell down a slippery ladder and got caught by a metal peice hanging on the boat, I did crack a few ribs but I didn't fall into the ocean.

It takes long periods of time to go from country to country or from state to state,

or even to the other side of the world to help someone in need, so you need a lot of paitcene for those long periods of time being a Seagoing Cowboy. Caring for the animals while going to diffrenet places kept me very busy, whilst still having planty of free time while abord the SS Charles W. Wooster. It takes bravory and gut to be a Seagoing Cowboy, being on the ocean for very long periods of time, not being able to see your family, not having the greatest of food and resorces, all to help other countrys, or states in need.   