I'm in the 11th grade and have been doing summer projects since 8th grade. I either sometimes get great projects or I get a project that I don't even feel like because it doesn't interest me at all. Since 8th grade I have never gotten a summer project that is designed by me, but I know that this is the best for me and my teacher's. I know that it's better for my teacher's to design my summer projects because If I was able to do my own summer projects, my projects would be simple and not get any growth in my learning at all, and if my teacher's design my summer projects, I guarantee that the projects would be beneficial for me. I haven't always gotten a project that is for me but it does make my learning grow which is what I always want.

The reason I would not like to design my own project is mainly because they wouldn't benefit me in any way in learning. I would make my project really simple that it would most likely take a day and not help me in my learning. for example, when I get asked if I would rather have my sandwich or my mother's sandwich, It's always going to be my mother's because she knows what is best for me and she knows how to make a sandwich better than I would. If I were to make my own sandwich, my bread wouldn't be toast, I would put to much mayonnaise, and I would finish making my sandwich in less than two minutes. Thats the reason I would have my mom's because she would take her time and make it perfect, same goes with my teacher's; I know that they'll make my project better than mine. The reason that they'll make the project better is because they'll make sure that I'll get learning experience form it, it'll be a difficult project but beneficial, and my teacher's would make sure that they have everything in their project and not make up a project in five minutes. That's why its better for my teacher's to design the project instead of the student's like me.

The most important reason why summer projects should be teacher-designed is because the projects would be beneficial for every student. For example, last year my teacher's gave me study guides for my test that were coming up. I was able to make excellent grades by studying the study guides. Now this year in 11th grade my teacher's don't give me anymore study guides, and I have to study without a study guide. This makes it so much more difficult now to study and my grades are lowering because of this. It's way much more beneficial when the teacher's give me a project or a study guide to do because they make sure I benefit from it. When I design my own project or study guide it's harder to benefit from it because it's either i'm to lazy or just can't make a good project to help me out and learn from it. This is why all teacher's should design my projects and every other students because they'll make sure you learn what your suppose to.

Since 8th grade I've been doing my summer projects designed from my teacher's, and honestly Im so glad that they can make the project design because I would be lazy and not really try to make a good project and my project wouldn't have the same benefits that if my teacher's designed them. I got to give a lot of credit to teacher's because they have to spend so much time trying to figure out a perfect project that can suit me and all my classmates. They also have to make it beneficial by assuring me that I get to learn from the summer project. I would totally let my teacher's keep designing my summer projects because if I was able to do my own summer projects, my projects would be simple and not get any growth in my learning at all, and if my teacher's design my summer projects, I guarantee that the project would be beneficial for me.          