How could asking more than one person help you with a question/advice. Well asking more than one person could help you improve at certain activities. Asking questions/advice to multiple people is really good and if you have a chance you should do it often.

Asking questions/advice to more than one person could help you. It is good because it could help you achieve your goals. If your goal is to get a good grade then ask for advice to some people who got good grades to help you. Asking more than one person could help you learn. If your doing a project and you ask multiple questions to multiple people,they can help you get ideas and answers. It can help you with your every day life. Your every day life will become so much easier because you wont have to go to each store to find the best milk or go to a bad restaurant because you asked multiple people. Thats what i think about how asking multiple people about questions and advice can help you.

How can asking multiple people about questions/advice can help you in the future. It could help you get a job. The reason why it could help you get a job at a place because you can ask people how its like and what the person interviewing you is like and it could help you get prepared. Asking multiple people questions can help you with some of your problems. If your sick you would go to the doctor and if he said you where not sick and if you still felt sick you might get a 2nd opinion and he might give you medicine. Also asking multiple people questions/advice can make you a smarter person. Lets say you dont now this math problem and your teacher explains it to you and you still dont get it you might go to another teacher and then you understand it. Thats what I think about how asking multiple people about some questions/advice and how it would help me in the future.

what happens if you ask one person and they give you the right question/advice. Well the first person you ask will not always get the answer right. The more people you ask the better chances you get the answer right.

The reason why you would get a better chance is because if most of the people choose one answer than i would choose that one and it could be right. Asking questions/advice to multiple people is really good and if you have the chance you should do it. So asking questions/advice to multiple people is good and it could help you become smarter ,it could get you a job and it can do many more things. Thats what I think about how asking questions/advice to multiple people can help you in your life.        