Public Schools have started to offer distnace learning as an option for students. By having class online, students would be able to video conference and do work online instead of having to go to physical school everyday. The benefits of online school are quite limited. Online school wouldn't work becuase of distractions at home, high school sport conflicts, and a lack of social interaction.

There are many distractions ever-present in a home environment. Students are not being watched by a teacher and do not have to be focused in their online classes. Students could be on their phones, eating food, or watching television while they are supposed to be working in their online class. Also, labs and projects would all be done online, and would be unable to perform those activities in person, limiting the quality of learning.

High school sports would also get very kaiotic as students wouldn't be attending an actual high school. Online students would not be able to participate in high school atheltics, as they wouldn't be a part of the active student body that could be selected for a varsity team. This puts online students at a major disadvantage, as much of high school is centered around athletic activities such as football, basketball, and baseball. Online students would have only the oportunity to attend these games, and couldn't even tryout for the team. Becuase of this, online school demands a certain type of normal school student, one that doesn't play sports or participates in activites. These students are somewhat rare, as many high schools have very active student bodies that participate in many different clubs or sports.

From the social standpoint, online students would be missing out on social skills that are needed for the future. Online students would be unable to interact face to face with other students. These students wouldn't be practicing social skills like conversations, handshakes, or asking questions. When college or a job presents itself after high school, online students would not have the social skills necessary to thrive in these situations. In todays world full of technology, our normal high school students struggle with this form of interaction. Normal high schools force students to converse with one another. Therefore, a switch to online school would hurt students by not forcing them to interact with other students.

For certain students a switch to online school could be a great idea. Students with social anxiety or personal issues could benefit from an online school enviornment. By not being in classroom, students with anxiety could focus better and learn easier than if they were in a room with thirty other people. These students more than likely do not participate in many clubs, don't mind missing physical learning, and don't enjoy the social standpoint of high school. Therefore, students with social anxiety should be the only students using this form of education. This form gives students the ability to thrive in a low stress environment.

The online school concept has many flaws. Students would be limited to certain forms of learning for their classes, possibly hurting their grades as a result. High school sports wouldn't be an option for the online students as they do not attend a physical high school. Social interactions would be non-existant as class would be held online, limiting contact with other people. All the drawbacks to online schooling limit the types of students able to use this form of education. The only positive affect it would have is it would give students with anxiety an opportunity to attend a school without the stress of being in a large classroom.  