What is my position on a driverless car? I believe with enough improvments and optimization it could be a great substitute for real drivers and offers some great advantages with some disadvantages as well. As they currently are however I don't believe they can be substituted fully instead of a real driver. However with enough improvment and bug fixes they certainly could be.

Why couldn't they be used fully now? They aren't really as reliable as they need to be so they can't be used instead of real person. Driverless cars don't seem to have the ability to deal with unknown stimulus such as an accident on the road, therfore it is ill equip to make an apropriate decision to avoid these situations. And it appears the they can't handle speeds that you would find on the highway. Driverless cars aren't perfect but they do have some advantages along with the disadvantages.

First of all they have bulit in GBS so they wouldn't get completely lost like a human can. If there tech is advance enough they could avoid danger more effectively since a computer can react faster than human. There would be a decrease in mortality rate on the road because there wouldn't be as much danger paying attention somewhere else like being on you phone since you aren't the one driving. The amount of money you'd spend on gas would decrease since it would always drive the most cost saving speed.( while staying in bounds of the speed limit of course) You could be more productive with your days since you would be spending less time driving the car.

But currently they aren't advanced enough to take over driving fully from a person. The GBS tachnology that we currently have is faulty and will often make mistakes. The Cars sensors could malfunction causing it to speed up or slow down to rapidly causing a accident. They Currently can't make the apropriate decisons to avoid a accident or navigate around a roadblock. Also it can't really go speeds that you would find on a highway safely.

Now here are some of my suggestions to where they could get to the point where they are useable. There would need to be a large amount of servers set up to help the cars to make all the correct calculations. The censors on the cars would need a serious improvement so that they would be able to take acquire the correct data from the envronment. They would also need a better built in computers to process and interpret all the data. All of this development would increase the number of available jobs around the world helping out the economy. The driverless car isn't a reality but with enough effort it sure could be. Of course i'm no expert so take these suggestions at face value.

So in conclusion no they shouldn't currently be developed. They have a lot of problems that need to be addressed before hand. However in a few years they certainly could be. Technology needs to catch up with the concept because it currently isn't as reliable as they need to be. People also need to change they're perspective on them if they are going to go anywhere. They have a lot of potential and I would love to see them live up to it one day. What about you?       