The advantages of limiting car usage have are there's going to be less smog in the world. More people going to play sports and excersise. It's better too walk,ride a bike, instead of driving a car. Car usage is really bad for the earth.

If they limiting car usage there's going to be less smog in the world because in the second story it stated  that, "cold nights and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions". That means when you keep driving your car and it cold or warm the warmer layer in earth trap the car emissions. And its hurting the earth. Also, in the second story it said that "the smog cleared enough Monday for ruling French party to rescind the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday". They use less car in French becuase they had ordered motorist with even-numbered license plates to leave they car at home.

More people going to play sports and excersise, because alot of people not going to want to pay alot of money for a car and a place to park it. in the first story it sated that "A car-owner buys a space, for $40,000, along with a home. Not everybody going to want o pay that much money for a car sapce with the house. Also,it stated that "As a result, 70 percent of vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move her". That tell me a car is really expensive and not alot of people got enough money to buy a car, they would walk instead of driving.

It's better too walk,ride a bike instead of drive a car, because when you drive a car its releasing smog in the air and that's bad for our health. The air the car release's can get us sick. Alot of people rather ride a bike or walk."it's a good opportunitty to take away stress and lower air pollution". that means walking help u alot if you stressing you can take a walk its going to take away your stess and its going to be less air pollution on earth. Also,thres going to be less air polution.

The advantages of limiting car usage have are there's going to be less smog in the world. More people going to play sports and excersise. It's better too walk,ride a bike, instead of driving a car. Car usage is really bad for the earth. That's why i walk most of the times beacause I want to save the earth.              