Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Attending classes from home would not be considered beneficial due having less access to many items they could get at a school building; including school materials, communication with other students and as well as communication with teachers.

There are many materials a student need for their educational benefits. A lot of these materials are also expensive and difficult to use without the guidance of a physical teacher such as textbooks, measuring materials, graphing calculators, etc. Many of these materials are already in a school classroom, and the student has access to them for free. To spends hundreds of dollars for school material may be difficult for the student and the guardian providing for the students' needs. With each of these materials, they should be able to provide a better understanding to the content the student is learning. Often these materials are provided to schools by taxes, the community pays for materials that students use for their better understanding of whatever that subject may be. From obtaining these materials with taxes, students in that class will get a better understanding of the material they're learning, and will make their work easier to do. For example, having a graphing calculator in geometry. This is a needed material but prices can start off at $100. Not many students can simply make a huge purchase of a calculator. To have to study at home though, a graphing calculator will rarely be provided for that student, thus they have to pay that same price or even more.

Students should be put into a classroom environment and surrounded by many types of people and things. Doing so teaches the student life and communication skills in which is very useful for life after their education. They will have access to group work and presentations which provides skills of teamwork and independence in the long run. Many have difficulty in communication skills due to limiting themselves to technology usage and relying on it in many ways, including avoiding communication skills. Often, students bury themselves in technology to avoid situations of talking to others due to the feeling of anxiety and having the constant fear of "what do they think of me?" mindset, and never proceeding to face that fear and talk to others. For students to use technology to get their education will further reduce the basic skills of communication by not having the ability of talking to others. Communication is a skill that takes many years to develop, often adults still struggle with that skill today. Since students spend most of their life learning, they should take those twelve years of education and also learn communication among each other and even adults around them.

Having a classroom environment can also offer a better teaching and understanding of material one may learn. There would be better resources for an understanding such as a teacher going over the subject "one on one" with a student, and students around the individual who may have a better understanding of the topic. At home, a student is limited as to what they can do to have a better understanding of a subject they struggle in. They won't have access to ask their teacher what they are struggling in and if they do, it would be over technology and not physically there. Being physically there can allow both the teacher and student to have a better understanding of the question being asked and the question being solved or explained.

Being in a school environment can also teach the student professionalism. Schools offer dress codes or uniforms not only for distractions, but to teach the students professionalism of their dress code and behavior. Being educated on professionalism and proper adequate can help when getting a job, have better offers/opportunities, and will overall take one seriously on an eye to eye level. This is beneficial if they are ever in a tight situation in life, in which is something can is rarely learned at home. To stay home and attend classes from there, students have the leisure of relaxing at home, not worrying about their appearance and gives an excuse to limit their hygiene, their manners, and ways of going out to public places.

Schools can offer a student many opportunities to explore the future path they want to go in as well. Many offer extra curricular activities, in which include clubs, sports, or a simple gathering. Schools can also offer travel opportunities, many becoming exchange students, or simply going on a field trip. They often offer these for free or at a much lower price than if doing an extra curricular activity or traveling by oneself. Many schools also offer advice on financial aids for college. During spring or summer break, students can be sent to a college from their middle or high school to be offered many scholarship opportunities, and learn how to get scholarships and financial aid. Often, for participating in a club or sport, students can maintain a scholarship for their future as well. To have an education from home, these opportunities are often limited for that student. Participating in such can be very expensive, schools often get these prices much lower, and sometimes even free. This automatically limits opportunities for a student getting an education from home from scholarships, opportunities to know what career path they want and travel opportunities.

Students would not have a benefit from getting an education from home. Communication skills between them, adults and other students would be stripped away from them, opportunities can be taken, expenses could be very high, and they could lack material for a better understanding. Having an education from home makes that student lose the "high school student life", and overall not receive the best education as they could.