The Electoral College is a system of electing our president created by our founding fathers when they were writing the Constitution.  Lately though, people have opposed the Electoral College due to the election when Al Gore beat George Bush in the popular vote, but lost the electoral vote(and a seat as President.)

Based on many sources, I do not support the Electoral College because of the lack of a direct link from the public to the election of the president and the unfairness of it towards voters.

I do not support the Electoral College because of a lack of a direct link from the public to the election of the president.  Instead of the public voting for the president, they are voting for a group of electors who, in turn, elect the president.  The problem with that is that the group of electors can be anyone not holding the public office.  But just in case of dishonest electors, states hold state conventions to pick the electors.  But even after this, voters still can not control who their state's electors vote for.  Sometimes, electors get confused about who someone voted for and put them down for a candidate different from whom they originally voted for.  Now we could avoid all this trouble if we just did away with Electoral College and had a direct vote for president, and have the election "by the people and for the people" instead of "by the people and for the electors."

I do not support the Electoral College because of the unfairness of it towards the voters.  Due to the winner take all system in each state, candidates for president don't focus on winning every state.  Instead, they focus on only winning the "swing" states, or, states whose political party support is constantly changing.  In the presidential election of 2000, the presidential candidates didn't see 17 states(including, but not limited to, Rhode Island and South Carolina) and 25 of the largest media markets' voters didn't see a single presidential campaign ad.  This is another good reason to get rid of the Electoral College.

Based on this evidence, I believe the Elelectoral College should be done away with because of a lack of a direct link to the election of the president and the unfairness of it towards voters.     