Driverless cars sounds like a good idea, but if you really think about it, is it really? A car that can drive itself could come with many other problems. Personaly I don't think its that good of an idea. In the following paragraphs I will be explaining why I am not for driverless cars.

Basically driverless cars are controlled automatically by like a computer. Think about all the times you've had an issue with things messing up with your computer or cellphone. If smartphones have technical problems some times, what makes you think a smartcar won't? Imagine driving on a busy street or a highway and something going wrong with the car and you not being able to control it. Someone could end up seriously hurt, or dead.

In the article it says how the car would still need the drivers assistance in situations such as navigating through work zones or around accidents. I feel like because this car is designed to steer, accelerate, and brake for themselves the driver would be less aware while on the road and if for any reason needed to take charge of the wheel they wouldn't do it fast enough because they are not being as focused on the road as they would be with a normal car you drive yourself.

Also, if these cars were to start being more used there would have to be more laws made in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. They would have to see who would be held responsible, the driver or the manufacturer and that just makes everything more difficult. There would have to be a lot of work put into these cars being able to be used.

I don't think technology is advanced enough for a driverless car to be completely safe. Cars controlled by a person aren't even completely safe, a car controlled by a computer definitely isn't. The technology could fail and people could end up severly hurt. There could be many problems for the drivers and manufactures of these cars. Maybe one day in the future there could be driverless cars but I don't think right now is the time.                                