Imagine you wake up one day and its the last day of school, you then realize school is not over just yet and you have to still complete a summer project so that your learning continues. Think about does your school require for you to do a summer project. Some schools require students to complete summer projects, most students think it's a bad idea but some think it's a great thing to do during their summer break, but what if the students can design the project theirselves? My opinion is that students should be able to design their own summer projects on their own because it would help students stay out of trouble and doing teamwork is always good.

To begin with, summer projects can be a positive thing because it helps students stay out of trouble. Having to complete a summer project is the best things schools can require because when the students is on summer break for a long period of time they tend to do bad things such as: drugs, alcohol, fighting, and much more. Even though students is on break and dont have to attend school for awhile staff members still care for their students. Having the kids do their own project and design it however they would like can make their imagination be wild and creative and have the students to really think of what to do for their project. Parents would also agree on the summer projects so that their kids would not be bored and would not be into any trouble. Having kids to do summer projects is a great thing to come up with beacuse they would be out of trouble and focus on completing their project.

In addition, working as a team can also be good thing to do because the kids can meet new people. For example, say if the staff members put you in groups that doesn't have anyone that you know in them. Coming together and planning your project out with other kids can build a bond that you never knew would happen a day in your life. You might have someone who has the same idea as you for example like people always say, "Great minds think alike." Having someone in your group that think like you is a great thing because yall can already see your project being creative. As a team, working together is like working with other people when you have a job in the future, its preparing you to be able to work in a enviroment with other humans.

On the other hand, having the teachers design the projects would be a better organization beacuse they can lay out the requirements of the project. Even though the kids would'nt think the project would be fun the teachers would think otherwise. The students are more creative than the teachers, but the teachers are more organized than the students. The teachers can lay out the requirements and what they would want to see in the kids projects, but the students would think thats boring and not interesting. Even though, the teachers can do a better organization and lay of the project, the students would think that it would not be interesting enough. Having the students design their projects would be great!

As you can see, I think the students should be able to design their own summer project because it would help students stay out of trouble and doing teamwork is always good. Having the students design their own project would be a good benefit to them and the people around them. Doing a summer project is the best thing schools can ever come up with, because students can still learn things even when they are on summer break. The projects can be a very exciting thing to do and its also keeping the kids busy!     