When you are in seek of some good advice, is just one opinion really going to suffice?

Deciding between the wrong and right choice is challenging and may even be a little frustrating, so naturally, you are going to want to ask guidance from multiple people. collecting advice from multiple sources is good for your decision making because different relationships interfere with others opinions, You can find people with the same interests as you to get advice from, and when you ask more than one person it feels way more confirming.

Getting advice from people who have different relationships with you may affect who you ask and the advice you get. If you want advice on your relationship with your mom, spouse, or cousin you probably don't want to ask your mom, spouse, or cousin for advice about them selves. For me, personally, I like to ask my friends relationship advice about my family and ask my family advice about my friends that way no one knows I am asking for advice about our relationship but I still get all the opinions I need. Relationships get messy when they cross paths so asking multiple people for advice will really help make sure you are making the right decision.

your probably like well what do you mean by crossing paths, I mean when one person has a relationship with someone and you have a different kind of relationship with the same person. Thats why I think asking many people with different relationships with you is so important.

like many of you I have family, friends, and family friends and depending on the advice i'm looking for I will go to the people who relate to my problem the most but sometimes it is good to get an outside opinion from people who don't relate.

When you need advice about a relationship you go to the people closest to that person and the people closest to you but if you go to someone totally opposite of those "requirements" you may get a perspective you never thought of before. Having different opinions when it comes to relationships is all about perspective so get all the opinions and don't be afraid to ask for those opinions from anybody.

If you ask multiple people about a interest that you share you can keep progressing and getting better at that interest. When doing a hobby the easiest opinion or advice source is probably going to be the people who also share that love for the hobby. I love to do anything that has to do with design weather it be fashion, homes, or even the perfect lay out for my locker, my mom also shares the love for design but has a very different style then me and my friend likes to design to but has a very different style as well. I ask advice from many people weather they have the same style or not so I can get all perspectives. If your hobby is watching sports and you are trying to decide what your favorite sports team is going to be that is perfect time to ask many different people with many different team preferences for advice.

My dad likes the Redskins my mom likes the Seahawks and 90% of my friends like the Eagles, So if I only ask my mom I might not have made the best decision but if I ask everyone and compare and contrast than I will probably make a much better decision. collecting information from everybody that you ask and then think about it is always better than settling for advice from one person.

There are certain things that you need more than one opinion for or more than one person giving you advice. When it comes to something like appearance people arent going to want advice from there grandma so they might ask there mom but when you think about it she has to say you look good shes your mom so you ask your friend. Asking multiple people for advice about appearance is for, in my opinion, comfort that you actually do look pleasing so in this case multiple opinions is very important. Another example of something that people always need assurance on is are they good at something meaning once again you need opinions and advice to make the right decision to keep going or stop with that particular something. Again you probably should not ask you mom " am I good at football" she will probably say yes but ask advice from a coach or a teammate so you get comfort.

The last thing people always need advice on to feel comforted is being accepted by others for this I would say get advice from anyone because no matter what there are going to people who dont accept you. If you ask multiple people for advice on the subject it will be easier to come to terms with the subject and you can accept it. Being assured you have something or you look like something needs way more advice than just one person.

It is good to ask more than just one person for advice because you get more perspective and insurance. you need to realize the people who have different relationships with you, have the same interests as you, and need comfort in advice like you do are great people to go to, to get advice. Asking anybody for advice or and opinion will automatically make your decisions more correct or easier but asking multiple people will be more effective. When you need advice always ask more than one person.               