Never having to leave your house and not having to go to school sounds fantastic but, in reality, it would be pretty terrible. Many belive taking classes online instead of going to school would be a great idea but it wouldn't be as great as it sounds. Every single human being needs some form of social interaction to function and being at school provides that; along with being able to prevent distractions by being a focused environment; schools also provide a great deal of support for the financially troubled. Although some may believe otherwise a lack of social interaction, distractions, and financially troubled families proves the disadvantage of online classes.

Social interaction is a major reason to stay away from online classes. Schools are amazing places for that much needed social development and connections. They are the most prominent ways for kids to socialize, gain social intelligence, and even grow as people; the skills obtained through growing up with other children through school and learning how to deal with new people are needed throughout their entire lives. Without that connection to others we tend to become less motivated and are at higher risk of depression especially in young ages. Humans are very social creatures and that's one of the reasons why humanity has survived and thrived throughout thousands of years, because we have evolved to endure with the strength of those around us, and without that strength and interaction we can be overtaken with depression and be less willing to do things we love or to even take care of ourselves. Some may try to argue that many people like being alone and would prefer it. However, being alone all the time and only seeing the same few family members day to day without any change can be very taxing to people and we need that change of scenery sometimes.

There are a lot more distractions at home to hinder getting work done. A major problem for many students is getting homework done and turned in on time because they end up procrastinating and not doing it at all; this is a problem that would only get worse with online classes. If students were at home instead of doing their work in a school then it would be so much easier for them to end being distracted by activities and things they would rather be doing instead, for example playing games, reading, or watching television; this would seriously test children's ability to stay focused and potentially hamper their ability to get work done. Being at home is also an entirely different environment and feeling than being at school. When at school, it is very focused and heavy on being there to learn and get things done but being at home is a lot more relaxed and laid back and heavier on things being done whenever it's felt like instead of when it should be done. Some may say that working from home is better because there are less people around to distract you. However, There are more things to distract you and less people around to help you when you need it and to actually keep you focused.

Thousands of families in the country live in poverty or have a very low financial income so it could be very difficult for students to be able to take online classes. Many families cannot afford personal devices or a computer and if they do they might be too old to run the needed programs. If students dont have a device, a computer, or a computer that can run the required programs then they are not able to take online classes. Along with devices, some students depend on the school or outside help programs to help provide school supplies for them. Without the school and different school program's help then these students wouldn't be able to take the notes or do their work even if they could take the class. Some may point out that there many public spaces that students could go to for these devices and use them there. However, It costs money to travel to these places, either by public transportation or from money for gas, and still many of those public spaces require a fee to use their devices.

There are many reasons some may think schools moving towards online classes would be a good thing but the truth is that it would be a lot more difficult for the students and everyone else involved. Children growing up need a place to go to be able to learn with and grow alongside others and to be able to create friendships and bonds that last for years. Children need a place other than to be able to learn distraction free and to be focused and driven to do what they need to. Lastly, there are so many hundreds of thousands of families that cannot afford much and aren't financially stable so they rely on schools and school programs to help get their children the best education they can get and hopefully and eventually be successful despite where they started.