Distance learning should be an option for students and would prove to be very effective. Learning at home by the use of online or video chat would be helpful in many ways. Students can learn even though they may be sick, students will be able to focus in a more stable environment, and they will be able to learn at their own pace. Overall, there are more pros than cons of distance learning and this would be a more efficient way to teach students.

Through distance learning, students will still be able to learn if they are not feeling well enough to go to school. If someone has the flu or a common cold it would be best for them to stay at home. When students are at home, whether it be they are sick or just tired, they will not fall behind in class. Even if students are sick and may not feel like learning, distance learning would provide an easily accessible way to learn or study that may not be too hard on students. Another pro of distance learning is when students are sick, they will not be able to pass around their sickness to other students, which would benefit the health of other students in the area. When students get sick they tend to do less work and sleep more, so it is better for it to happen to one kid, rather than a whole class of students. Distance learning would take away the possibility of getting sick from a fellow classmate which, in turn, will increase productivity for students.

A main reason why distance learning should be available to students is because many students find it hard to stay focused and on task in class. There are many distractions in class including friends, texts, and the constant urge to get up out of your seat. Having friends in your class may be fun, but also may be a problem for the student's focus. Humans are a generally social species, so if students have friends in class they will feel the urge to talk to friends instead of staying on task. In addition to stunting students' focus, many students have trouble sitting in uncomfortable school desks for hours at a time without breaks to stretch their legs and rest. Not moving around makes peoples muscles stiff and can cause pain and make students uncomfortable, which can add to the problem of not sitting still and focusing. Distance learning would eliminate these problems because at home students would be able to relax in a comfortable, stable environment and students will not have friends there as a distraction.

All students learn at different paces, and distance learning helps with this as well. Students may get bad grades in class and even fail. This may not be due to the lack of knowledge, but to the lack of control of the pace in which they learn. Students who learn at a slower pace have a harder time keeping up with all of their school work, in return, they fall way behind and have a hard time catching up. Working at home at their own pace will increase grades and their motivation to keep working and keep their grades up. Students who learn at a faster pace will also benefit from this because if they work faster, students could possibly finish courses early and have opportunities to take more classes or even have free time for leisure activities. No matter which way a student learns, distance learning will benefit students of all learning natures and help them stay on track.

Although distance learning has many benefits, a con to this issue may be that students procrastinate and feel that they want to relax more if they are at home. When students are at home they feel comfortable and they feel that they have all the time in the world to work from home so they do other activities instead of schoolwork. Students may get distracted due to chores, watching TV, or scrolling through Instagram and Snapchat. Another downside is that students might lack moral support from their teachers, nagging them to get their work done. With teachers nagging their students, they might feel the urge to complete more work instead of getting distracted and dozing off. These reasons are some of very few that students should learn in a classroom environment as opposed to distance learning.

Distance learning would be a very effective way for students to learn and stay on top of schoolwork. This method of learning should be available for students everywhere. Whether students would want to participate in distance learning or not, it would be beneficial to many kids and lead to better grades. Students will be able to learn when they are sick, they will be able to focus better, and they would be free to learn at their own pace that is right for them. This is why distance learning would benefit many students.