The future is near, and it's bringing what America has been dreaming of since the early cinema, the driverless car. However, what most Americans don't realize is the safety hazards and liability issues that the cars bring.

Let's just say your wife and kids are on your way to Miami, Florida in your new driverless car. The car begins to make a left turn at a green light, but suddenly, a semi drives into the right side of your car and knocks you out cold. Next thing you know, you're in the hospital next to your wife and kids. The random objects that the sensors in your car cannot pick up could cost you your life and/or your emotional well-being. If these cars malfunction, the same situation will happen time and time again.

Back to the previous situation, you decide to take it to court against the car manufacturers, but where does the fault really lie? The manufacturers pay for the best lawyer around and you are left with what you can afford. The problem with these driverless cars is that they are poised to have lawsuits happen and that manufacturers will rarely have to make the financial contributions needed in order pay for these situations. Families will be left in shambles trying to pay for these lawsuits, and the companies will nothing to help. Even if laws were changed and the liability issues were solved like it suggests in the article, the distress that these cars bring will add up.

Others would argue that driverless cars will prevent more crashes whereas in reality there will be about the same amount. They would also say that manufacturers would this would help in the goal of making life easier. However, these cars would make more negative headlines than positive headlines. In the end, the negatives outweigh the benefits.

All in all, driverless cars are not the answer in making the world a better place. Driverless cars would still make the same mistakes that people make and have many safety issues. Also, the lawsuits that these cars would create would leave families and people penniless after trying to obtain financial help from the companies.