The choices people make, should be influenced by the people around them. By asking their pears around them it can benefit the person deciding whether or not to preside with his or her ideas. Asking people for help on a decision can also slightly effect the person being asked to help. Everyone is different in their own ways, and by getting a different point of view on a big decision can really impact you. When deciphering on a choice being made, having the influence of other peoples opinions is a great way to, make sure the outcome of the choice being made is the right decision, help the person making the decision, and influencing the person being asked.

Asking for advise can impact the person asking in a huge way. By getting multiple point of views on the issue, it could stop the person from making a bad decision, that could effect their life. No body or brain is the same in any way, so by asking someone for advise, you could get something completely different than what they expected, but it would be the right decision and the decision they needed. Someone could agree on the same thing but, they could have different reasons why. A person could believe say suicide is their best option because they think they have nothing left to lose, but someone else that really loves that person could think thats a terrible idea. Asking that person weather or not to do something so extreme as suicide or even a small thing could benefit them in a huge way.

When asking a person for advise it can not only effect the person asking but the person being asked. Being asked by a person that necessarily isnt your best friend, or a family member could mean a lot to the person being asked. It could make them feel wanted or mean something to that particular person. You wouldn't really think asking a person for advise would really impact a person that much but it defiantly could. Also when someone asks for advise the person being asked could also have the same problem or a problem like it. For example again someone could be thinking about suicide, but when they ask someone, that person could be thinking the same thing. Since they found each other they can help each other. If something like that were to happen, both of the people maybe wouldn't feel alone anymore because they would have someone else with that same issue or something like it.

Making sure the outcome of the choice is right, helping the person making the decision, and influencing the person being asked, is all apart of having the influence of other peoples decisions when deciphering on a choice being made. Having the influence of another point of view can influence the persons decision greatly by possibly, saving there life by choosing the better decision, increase the chance of picking the best decision, etc. Also when asking about a decision it can influence the person being asked by, making them feel worthy, maybe having something in common with the person asking, and many more things. The decision someone makes may not even be a greatly big decision. Or maybe it is one, but either way getting a different point of view on it, may be fantastic way to pick the right decision.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                