Dear State Senator,

The election should be changed to popular vote instead of using the Electoral College for the president of the United States. The Electoral College is unfair to voters and is an outdated system that needs to go.

In Source 2, the article states "Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and those electors could always defy the will of the people." The people vote for the president they want then the state counts the votes and picks majority then the Electoral College has the final desicion and picks the presidet, which is unfair to the people because even if they win majority vote it is up to the electoral college to decide. The same article also states "In the same vein, 'faithless' electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for however they please-". It is almost ads if the people have no voice in elections.

The Electoral College is also unfair because of what is stated in Source 2. Again, the article says "Consider that state legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people." The people have no opinion in elections it is all up to the Electoral College to decide the president of the United States regardless of what the people want as their leader of the United States of America.

Although the people have no voice in the elections but instead the Electoral College, sometimes it is better to keep the old method. In Source 3, the article states that it is is less likely to have a dispute over the popular vote. "The reason is the winning canidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote." Saying that the Electoral College sometimes tries to go along with the popular vote to best fit what the people voted for.

Even though the Electoral College has been around fro a really long time, it is time to change and go with popular vote elections for the president of the United States instead. That way the people actually vote for the president themselves and they get what they want.

Thank you for your time.    