Dear Principal,

I think that all students should be required to do community service. Community service has always just been an option, but I think we should take that one step further, and tell students to get out there and help. I think it will not only benefit others, but it will also effect the person that is helping in a positive way.

One reason for me saying that community service should no longer be just an option, but a task that needs to be fulfilled, is because it is a great way of getting out into the world and in a way, experience new things. Not everyone can say that they have their next meal planned out in there head. Its just a fact that some people don't have that luxury. In some cases, people have to get their meals from a soup kitchen or other similar locations. Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad thing, but sometimes the people want change, which includes the people that serve them. I think it is the least we could do to volunteer at on of these soup kitchens and just take time to get to know some new people. This is a task that will not take that long, and I'm almost positive it would make someone's day better, which will more than likely make you feel good.

If soup kitchens aren't for you, and you don't want to take the time to drive there or whatever the excuse is, then start out smaller. Something as little as tutoring a younger student or even babysitting is still just as beneficial as lets say going to a soup kitchen or helping out at a retirement home. It's just another way of simply helping someone out, and it wouldn't take that long to do it. It will effect you and the person that you are helping in a positive manner.

So as you can see, I strongly believe that everyone should do a community service once in a while, and that it should be a requirement. It doesn't have to be something big, and it will help someone out, whether its one person, or the whole bunch. Even if community service isn't on the top of your list of favorite things to do, you should still get out there and help!

Signed,

Your Student.