A wise man always said " Thinking out of the box can get you a better choice." Seeking multiple opinions can help people make a better choice for several reasons.

First, they will have more choices to choose due to this problem. Everybody will have a different idea because of their way to look at the problem, they might think the problem out of the box and give out some choice that you never think of. Recently, my friend Generic_Name were in a problem of what sport should he choose and we all gave out different opinions because some of us think that which sport can benefit our future better, some of us think that is important to match your hobbies and benefit to your body health after you play the sport, but we never think about the sport that Generic_Name like better. It is important to think the problem in a different way because after that you can find a better way to solve it .

Second, seeking for multiple opinions can help you collect ideas and solve the problem with friends and family. It is important to think together with friends and family because it can help you with more ideas and power. Recently, my friend Generic_Name got bully in school two moths ago, Generic_Name cry in the restroom alone because the person that bully him told that

Generic_Name cannot tell anybody about what happen, after he get home he told his parents and principal start to find out the person bully Generic_Name. After that, Generic_Name know it is very important to let parents know that his feeling.

Third, seeking for multiple opinions can let people feel like they are not alone to this problem, most of the time people can cause the mind to do wrong things because they feel like no one want to help them and leave them alone. Recently, Generic_School did a report that said three percent of people died in the year is because they feel alone, they think that no one with help them. If everyone can also help each other when they have a problem, maybe we can make the world much better.

In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can make people make a better choice and it can also benefit other and make the world much better .