"Making Mona Lisa Smile" is an article in which the auother describes the new technology Facial Action Coding System. This newly invented technology can detect your mood just by your face. It constructs a 3-D computer model of your face, all 44 major muscles. Using this technology to read emtional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable.

In the article it said, "a classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." When students are on a computer atempting a lesson, it can calculate their expressions and send feedback to the teacher. If the teacher wants to, they can modify the lesson if the feedback wasn't good. For example, the students can frown if they don't like it, and smile if they do. It's a good way for a teacher to get feedback of what the students actually think.

Most schools are turning to you do everything on computers. Some schools make it where you have to purchase a computer and you take it home. They don't have to buy textbooks, everything is just on the computer. When you miss a day because of snow you aren't actually missing a day. You do the lesson for that day on Elearn at home and you don't have to make up that snow day. Even at home you can get feedback from students because they do their lessons on their computers. You can learn a lot from facial expressions and Facial Action Coding System is a good way for teachers to learn what students like and what they don't, even from home.

Some people will argue that students won't be truthful and they will just make it a joke. The Facial Action Coding System can tell if you are being truthful or not. For instance, the article says, "in a false smile the mouth is stretched sideways, using the sygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. Faces don't lie. These muscles are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity is being truthful."

The Facial Action Coding System is a good way for teachers, principals, and guidance counselars to get feedback. It's valuebale in the classroom as well as outside. Maybe the next move is putting it in big cooperations or little companies!           