Let's get straight to the facts, everyone in this world needs some space and some time by themselves. No student wants to deal with a teacher yelling all the time, or other students playing around and disrupting their learning time seven hours for five days every week. That's why the idea of attending classes at home is great, students could really benefit from this, they can feel more comfortable in their own space and have a breather from having to socialize all the time with others, which is great for many introverts that have trouble with socialization and communication.

Being comfortable in your own space is wonderful, everyone needs it. So why can't students have it? They're mental health will be affected very possitively and will eventually lead to better grades. Let's talk mental health, students go through a lot of stress, not only in school but also in their personal life, which leads to depression. Taking classes at home takes a little bit of that stress off their shoulders by giving them more time to complete their tasks without having to deal with a teacher's frustration. All of this will encourage students to do better in school, study more, and not feel pressured, this will motivate them to get good grades.

Some students prefer to be alone because they struggle with communication and socialization; Therefore, a student can have anxiety by having to deal with a school full of people. It all connects to the health and well being of these young people that have to deal with a lot of stuff in their life. This is one of many reasons why taking classes in a comfortable space by themselves can result very beneficial for them.

On the other hand, many can argue that being alone and not being able to communicate or socialize with others is what actually leads to depression, and for some, their home can be the opposite of a comfortable place. However, there is a balance to everything, many options, such as only taking two or three classes at home and the rest in school. Or taking at home classes with only a small amount of people.

Overall, there is nothing more important than health, and if taking some classes at home can help a student be healthy and more efficient, then, why not try it? All schools should definitely consider this, all the benefits are clear and it would be naive not to do anything possible to help students do their best.