Now there hasnt been real information on the existence of aliens or any other lifeforms of that kind. Stories behind those creatures are usually made up by many people. We dont have any evidence as to seeing or taking pictures of any aliens or UFO's. So why would aliens be on Mars?

Due to the fact that researchers have identified that the "Face" is juast a mesa, I think is safe to say that there are no alien life forms on mars and there never was.

Nasa has very good cameras that are way better than the ones in 1976. They can zoom in way more and take 3-D images as well. if there were aliens living on there you would be able to see UFO's and a whole lot of aliens on the planet. And if there were Egyptioan style pyramids or even small shacks you would be able to see them to. The "Face" is a martian equivalent to a butte or mesa as scientifically proven by scientist.

Another reason as to why the mesa on mars is a landform and not some alien made artifact is that in the article it said that there were shadowns giving off the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth. "Its a good way to enage the public and attract attention to mars", as said in the story. Also making the Face a pop icon also would make more people think that there really is life on mars without any real evidence. The face appeared on movies and magazines, which made more and more people follow this trend of life on mars.

The final reason as to why the object on mars is just a landform and not an alien made thing is that on a cloudy, wispy day, the photo was taken. Making it seem like the aliens did it on purpose. But, scientist took the photo again on a less cloudier day and found out that is was just a landfrom after all. when they shot it with their better camera, it showed that is was just made by mars just like earth makes its own lanforms sometimes. So it seems as though technology from back then just wasnt updated enough to get the job done.

Ultimately, the reason that evryone thought that there were life on mars is because technology wasnt as evolutionized as it was in 2001 compared to 1976. With the technology today, we would be able to find out right away if there were actually life on mars. So in conclusion, there is not life on mars and there never was.                 