What ! The principle is making us participate in at least one extracurricular activity? I remember when I was forced as a kid to do that, I didnt like it at all. I disagree with this statement because, first off some students might not have time to do the extra activity's, secondly the students work hard enough as it is in school, lastly it might be the least favorite thing they do especially if they have to get forced into participating in extracurricular.

Well to start, some students can't stay after, they might need to go home and babysit or watch out for their siblings. Secondly, some kids might have hours of homework that they need to do, they might not have time for extracurricular activities. Lastly, students have after school sports like baseball or football games and they would like to attend to instead of playing or doing something after hours that doesnt matter as much as students sport.

Next, students work all through out the day with hardly any breaks, students want a break from having to deal with taking down notes and hearing a teacher talk for hours. Secondly, lot's of students are stressed out with grades and family problems, so why make them more stressed out by forcing them to do extracurricular activities. Lastly, students have to follow the rules and listen to teachers daily, as a result the students wont be able to learn when to make decisions for them selves if they the teachers are always telling them what to do. Students need to know when to make the decision to stay or not stay, not to be forced.

Lastly, some kids dont like to do extra things like playing games or sports at school because it will make them very sweaty and sticky, the principle is also forcing them to stay. An addition, since the principle is not giving the students a choice they wont like it, but If there was a option that the kids could choose then it would be more enjoyable because they can choose when they want to stay or not stay. Lastly most students like to kick back and relax and spend some time inside their home. I personally would like to be home sometimes after school and watch some movies and fall asleep if I can.

In conclusion, I disagree with with this statement because, it's not fair for a student to be forced into staying after to do extracurricular activities. It's also not right to be forced to stay, especially if a student had to take care of personal business like taking care of family. Principles should already know what could go on at a house, so they need to be more reasonable when it comes to adding on to a persons schedule. I still cant believe that the principle is making everyone stay and participate in at least one extracurricular activity.     