Should students really be forced to commit to an extracurricular activity for school? Many children are already committed to activities outside of school. School is very important, but students have lives outside of the school environment. When you commit to something you should put your best effort in to it, but if you are occupied with other things it is very hard to give it your all. The principal should not implement this rule because kids are given homework, they are committed to other activities outside of school, and spending time with your family is essential.

Most children receive homework from teachers, and there is no doubt about that. Homework is important to better an understanding of a topic that is taught at school, but it can get very stressful at times. Most children spend sleepless nights trying to complete homework for the amount of classes they have. Children usually have an activity outside of school so adding that to the mix with all the homework can be hectic. It is way to much pressure to try to get good grades when there is so much to handle and you also have to remember the fact that we are kids that are still growing up.

Students are committed to other activities, teams, and programs outside of school. Would they have to quit doing that activity because they are just to stressed to handle it all? Schedules would not only shift for students but for the parents of those students. Aren't we supposed to get eight hours of sleep every night, but then how do us students do that when there is to much pressure placed on us? Teachers expect us to focus on the material they teach us at school, but that is going to be very difficult and I don't think teachers want to teach kids who don't want to be taught.

Spending time with family is so important. We spend most of our days at school and doing other activities that it's nice to take a break. I mean if we have so many activities then that's taking away family time. I love my family and I know most kids do too, so I would like to spend as much time as I can with them. This is just one of the negative effects of having to do an extracurricular activity.

Although, doing an activity is good I don't think that students should be forced to do one. It should ultimately be their choice because it can come with some negative effects. Homework, other activities, and spending time with your loved ones can be effected. The principal's rule is something I would not be here for, or would not think is the best call to make. All the stress that can come from the rule could be horrible and essentially effect the performance that students do at school.            