On May 24, 2001, Mars was the topic of conversation with those at NASA and other space stations who were included on the Viking 1 and Viking 2 space mission. On that day, the Viking 1 spacecraft was circling Mars. On the other hand, its sister ship, Viking 2, spotted a shadowy likeness of a human face. According to Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program, the face on Mars resembles Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. But one argument leaves many citizens guessing: Is the face on Mars a true natural landform?

Most at the NASA space station argue that the face is in fact a true natural landform. The face would be considered a natural landform because there isn't actual proof that aliens had created the landform. This statement meaning that there isn't, for example, video footage proof of the landform being created by aliens, which could have been something that could prove that the face is either natural or unnatural. Another reason why this face could be a natural landform is that no one has actually lived on Mars, so no one could stand up and say whether or not it's natural. For the face to be natural, Mars itself would've had to go through natural causes such as erosion or a quake for the face to be created.

On the other hand, it's easy to see why people would think that the face was created by aliens. In the history of the world, many peculiar events have happened where nobody knew how they happened. For example, all over the Earth, there have been cases of weird patterns appearing in corn fields and mazes. People would say that the patterns were created by aliens, so many just say that weird occurences are due to weird, foreign beings: Aliens. Furthermore, another reason why people would think that the face was created by aliens that ties into the other side of the argument is that since no human being has lived on Mars, there is no factual evidence that states that the face was created by natural causes or by aliens; but since aliens live on Mars and other planets in space, people are forced to make the conclusion that aliens made them.

In conclusion, some people don't even have an opinion and they just believe the scientific evidence over the belief that aliens had created them. People might believe this evidence because some people, in fact, don't even believe in aliens at all. But the face could very well be a natural landform due to natural causes such as erosion of the planet or quakes in Mars that formed the face. Or if there are aliens on Mars, the face-according to some people- could've also been created by aliens that lived on Mars. But according to the scientists and chiefs at NASA, the Mars Exploration Program, and other space stations involved in the Viking 1 and Viking 2 space mission, the face on Mars was only created by natural occurrences and they try to get people to believe it by plastering it all over Hollywood movies, books, magazines, radio talk shows, and even haunted grocery store checkout lines. 