Not everyone learns the same way and because of that not every class should be taught the same way. Since schools were designed to educate people of all backgrounds it should also be designed to teach various subjects in different manners that would ensure a better learning environment. Because of this it's better to have a versatile school system that offers a variety of ways for a subject to be taught. Allowing the option of online classes could help ensure that students are able to learn in an environment that proves to be more beneficial to them. By having the option of online classes it could help benefit students because it's, increases time management skills, is more accommodating to their schedules, and it's less overwhelming than a traditional class.

Taking online classes would help to instill necessary time management skills that could help ensure a more productive present and future. Some students have a lot on their plate that he or she struggles to keep up with, so school tends to become an issue as they can no longer keep it all balanced. Having the option of online schools help them create a balance that wasn't there before so they're able to remain on track with all their goals. However, allowing a student to take online classes doesn't mean they're able to sit at home doing anything, but what it does mean is that the student will be help responsible for keeping up with their work as they progress through the curriculum. By being able to remain responsible and keep up with one's work it proves that he or she will be better prepared for adulthood and the future. Some question what would happen if the student doesn't time manage, but this is why he or she must fully evaluate if online classes would prove to be more beneficial to them.

Whether a student chose to take one online class or several, it would prove to be much more accommodating to students' schedules because it enables them to fit their classwork and lessons into their schedule versus having a predetermined schedule they can't keep up with. Not all students are able to focus on school alone because they have other things that require their attention. Things like jobs or more private things can occupy a permanent time period in one's life and cause constant conflicts with school, but by allowing students to take online classes it helps take away the stress of having to chose which necessity will receive their attention. Yet some still believe that school should be a student's only focus, but in some cases it's just not possible and by giving them the chance to create a schedule that works for them it helps better prepare them for the future.

By being removed from a traditional learning environment that a classroom provides, it also removes the sense of being overwhelmed and anxious that one can get from the stressors it permits. Other students, and in some cases teachers, can create a barrier between a student and learning simply because they've created an environment that makes a student feel he or she is unable to fully focus and get involved in the subject. When this happens the likelihood that a student will be successful in a course greatly decreases. By removing him or her from this environment it destroys that barrier and creates a new space where he or she is now able to learn without any interrupters. Some say that the sense of being overwhelmed can still occur if one isn't able to keep up with their work, but by using time management skills he or she should be able to truly excel.

Students today are the leaders of tomorrow and because of that they should all be given each and every opportunity to excel. At no point in time should a student be denied something that would help them be more progressive in their track to graduating. By allowing schools to provide a versatile way of teaching materials, we guarantee to students that they're the first priority when in school, and that their needs are just as important as others wants. By taking a stand today and helping students everywhere be able to learn as they see best fit, the world is ensuring a better world for future generations to come. The world deserves a better future and that starts by allowing students to have a better one.