Imagine sitting in class and hear the principal on the speaker saying that all students must participate in one extracurricular activity, you think this could be a change, what will I do? This can impact a lot on students in a good way by making it a little fun and helpful. The principal has decided that all students must at least do one extracurricular activity like, participating in sports, working on the yearbook, and serve on the student council.

Firstly, by doing an extracurricular activity is like participating in sports. Sports is a great way of colleges to look at you. For example, people could get a scholarship from sports. In a way, sports can help you keep a healthy body. When playing sports your body moves, and then after you have lunch or a snack all of that can help you grow. Also, that sports at school can help you make new friends. When playing on a team, you will always have your teammates to depend on or help. Participating in sports is a great way of an extracurricular activity.

Secondly, working on the yearbook is another extracurricular activity. You get to take pictures of your school and class. When taking pictures you get to learn/experience more about your school. Another thing is, that you get to design the cover of the yearbook. This is great for people who have creative minds and who love there school. Also, that you get to hear other people backgrounds and stories. This is very interesting because, you get to learn more about people and they can express themselves too. Working on the yearbook can open up many people mindset and interest.

Lastly, that to serve on student council is an extracurricular activity. Serving on student council can impact your school. You tell idea's on what we need to change or what's new. Also that you will think more about your school. You can help stop bullying or something that is mean to friends, peers, and maybe siblings that go to your school with you. Another thing is, you will grow more and more responsible. On the student council you will have a lot of responsibilities. The student council is a fantastic approval of a responsible leader.

The principal has decided that all students must at least do one extracurricular activity. Participating in sports, working on the yearbook, and serve on student council are some. So, extracurricular activities are a great way to get to achieve goals and to learn more about students, they can help us through out our lives. 