Have you ever been in a situation where you don't know what to do? So of course, like any other person would when they are in need of assistance, you ask somebody else about their take on the situation. And you may be thinking to yourself

" Well one other opinion is all I need " right?, WRONG! There are tons of reasons why getting numerous opinions is a lot more helpful then if you didn't.

One reason why I believe it is important to seek multiple opinions is because everyone is unique and has their own point of views. Talking to someone who has had to deal with the same situation you're in can help tons when coming to obtaining advice. For example if you want to pursue your dream as a film maker you're obviously gonna want to go to someone who has experience and interest in making films, where as if you go to someone who has no interest or knowledge at all you're gonna get a totally different response because not everybody sees things in the same way.

Another reason why it is important to seek multiple opinions is because some people can have a very heavy bias on certain subjects. Picture this, you're thinking about going out and doing something so you decide to ask a friend what they think about it. They so happen to have a bad experience with it so obviously their opinion on it is not going to be a very good one because they have a bias. Just because somebody else had a bad experience doesn't necessarily mean it will go that way for you, but also same thing goes for a good experience someone else may have had.

And finally a last reason why it is very important to seek multiple opinions is because it will help you see all the pros and cons surrounding your idea. Of course its easy to talk to people who think just like you because you will both have the same beliefs and can both also agree and many things, but sometimes that's not always the best idea. Communicating with somebody who has a different perspective can be just as useful if not maybe even more. This is allowing you to see things from totally different points of view which well help you see the pros and cons that you may not have even realized before.

In conclusion the best thing to do when you're in need of advice, seeking multiple opinions is the way to go. It will allow you to see from different point of views that you yourself might have never even thought of.