Extracurricular activities, you love them or you hate them. I love them and think that everyone should do them, but just because I think students should do extracurricular activities does not mean that I think people have to do them. My principle wants to make every student in the school to do some sort of extracurricular activity. I believe that students should not be forced into doing an extracurricular activities. I think this because they will not might have as much fun as they would on their own terms, students might have other more important things to do, and because the school shouldn't control outside your curricular life.

I think that students should not have to do extracurricular activities because they would not have as much fun as the normally would. As a teen I know that most people my age like space and freedom. I think that even if there is an activity that students like, they will like it more if they join of their own free will. I also think that some students might not like any of the extracurricular activities in the area and prefer to read books or watch movies by themselves.

Another reason students should not be forced into doing extracurricular activities is because they might have more important things to do. Imagine with me for a second. Pretend that you are a student and you have a very big test tomorrow and you need to study. Unfortunately, you cannot study because you are forced to go to an activity. It is things like this that are the problem, if students have family visiting or something else important going on, they will not be able to show up because they are forced to go to a sport or to an art club.

The Final reason I think that Students should not have to do an extracurricular activity is because the school shouldn't control outside of your curricular life. The school already takes up plenty of your time. Students go to school for five days a week and roughly between six and seven hours a day with a couple exceptions. We devote plenty of time to school and the school should not take up anymore of a students time. Students Should use their own time however they want without being forced to do an activity. If someone really wanted to do an extracurricular activity that bad, they wouldn't need to be forced into doing it.

In conclusion, I believe that students should not be forced into doing extra curricular activities because they would have more fun doing it on their own, they might have more important things to do, school shouldn't control outside of your curricular life, and if someone really wanted to do a activity they would not need to be forced into it. Students should do what they want to do, whether that be staying home or going to an extracurricular activity. Besides, if the school doesn't force students to do activities, their parents probably will.