The sound of the final bell of the school year ringing, the rushing of students out the front door as they are saying goodbye to their friends, and the delightful, warm summer breeze flowing in the wind excites most students as they approach summer break. While summer may mean that students can have downtime and go on family vacations, they should retain the information that they learned from school by completing summer projects. The purpose of summer projects is to make sure that students will not fall behind over break. Summer projects should be designed by teachers because they know what will be taught in the class, they can strengthen their students' skills that would be needed throughout the year, and they can give kids an experience for what the class will be like.

To begin, summer projects should be designed by teachers because teachers know what the curriculum looks like for the class. Teachers that know what the curriculum looks like allows them to know what to include in projects to help students prepare for the fall. For example, a teacher can assign a summer book report that focuses on Greek tragedies to prepare students for literature by Shakespeare. Teachers that know what the curriculum looks like will also know what skills can be used to ease the process of learning new material. For instance, teachers may give out a poetry project that focuses on figurative language to help students improve their writing for the upcoming school year. In addition, teachers that also know what the curriculum looks like can allow students to have a head start into the new year. An example of this is if students know what will be taught the first few weeks of school, there will be more time to work on other skills and more time for review at the end of the year for finals. Overall, summer projects should be designed by teachers because they know how to prepare their new students for the upcoming year.

In addition, summer projects should be designed by teachers because teachers can strengthen students' skills. Teachers can strengthen students' skills through summer projects because they can assign work that will focus on important skills. For instance, a teacher can look through their lessons and pick out the skills that will be useful to have students review such as sentence structure and grammar editing. Teachers can also improve skills through summer projects because they can include skills that other students in the past struggled with so that the new students can have a better understanding of those skills. For example, if prior students struggled with persuasion skills such as ethos, pathos, and logos, teachers can help introduce these skills to students in a way that helps them to use persuasion skills in an appropriate manner. In addition, teachers can enhance students' skills because they can improve potential difficulties to achieve student accuracy. An example of this is teachers that know a particular topic such as counterclaims may be slightly tedious to students, so they help students over the summer learn how to plan and organize their counterclaim. Furthermore, summer projects should be designed by teachers because they can sharpen students' skills to keep them focused.

Finally, while teacher-designed summer projects can enhance student learning, one might argue that teacher-designed projects do not give students an opportunity to thrive in creativity however, it is important that students begin to thrive in their academics over the summer. Students can thrive in their academics over the summer through teacher-designed projects because teachers can give students an insight of what the class will be like. Teachers can give an insight on what their class will be like because teachers can create projects that focus on different types of writing styles. For example, teachers can prepare students to write persuasive essays such as why people should go to the beach over the summer or go to a historic place because they will allow students to work on their persuasion skills and how to organize their essay. In addition, teachers can also give students an outlook on what their class will be like because teachers can have students review over math skills that might be used in other lessons. An example of this is a student who is taking Pre-Calculus in the upcoming school year can review over tangent, sine, and cosine from geometry to make sure that they have the basic fundamentals of geometry covered to be successful. Teachers can also help students to gain experience of what the class will be like because teachers can give students a preview of how challenging a course may be. For instance, a student who is preparing to take Advanced Placement English can gain experience of what the homework will be like. To close, even though students will not be able to flourish in their creativity through summer projects, they will save time in the upcoming school year knowing that they have what it takes to excel in their classes.

In conclusion, summer projects should be designed by teachers because they will know what will be taught in class, they can improve students' skills, and they can give kids an experience of what the class will be like. Even though students will not be able to express their creativity skills, they will excel in the upcoming year by knowing that they will not fall behind during the summer. Overall, summer projects should be designed by teachers because they know what will be expected out of students and they will help to make sure students meet their expectations.     