I believe that we should not have driverless cars. I dont think that driverless cars are needed. Yes, it is cool and fun to have but, its not always about having fun; safety comes first. There are lots of problem that can occur with these cars such as, they can malfunction, people might have to learn how to drive again considering the fact that these cars will be handled differently and there will be problems with safety. If an accident were to happen, who would be at fault? Can we actually blame the car?

Driverless cars can be very dangerous. If these cars are not built the correct way, they could malfunction and put somones life at risk. Although the cars are tested multipule times, they will never be perfect. Just think about all the new Iphones or other devices that have been upgraded; they still have problems and things that people would like to be improved.

Another reason why I am against driverless cars is because people might have to learn how to drive again. Depending on how the smart cars are made, people might have to go through driving test similar to if u wanted your motorcycle license. There will be lots of new technology, responsibilites, rules, and regulations that come with the smart car. Do ur really think people would want to go through all of those test just to get another car?

The last reason why I disagree with the smart cars is beacuse of safety. The smart car can become a huge safety hazard. In paragragh nine is says," Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver control at all times." This quote shows that the law believes it's safer to have a human in control. It also says,"if the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" This quote explains my biggest consern. If someone or a feamily was severly hurt who would be to blame? Although the car was driving, the driver should be focused at all times no matter what because anything could go wrong within a matter of seconds. Would you really want to put ur family at risk?

I disagree with driverless cars. Driverless cars are very dangerous excpecially of they are not in the right hands. They can malfunction, we could have problems with people not wanting to take all the test just to get a new car, and they put lives at risk. To have a driverless car, you need to be responsible, and mature. Although its fun, it is also risky. Don't put your life or anyones elses life at risk. 