Will Nasa make the hover ship work? Will we get to discover more about venus? Is this all really worth this? Will they all make it out alive?

In the text the author states vebus is called a "Evening star" which is one of the brightest points of lights in the night sky, wmaking it simple for even an amateur stargazer to spot. The text also states Venus is second planet from our sun. Which means venus is simple to see from the distant ,but safe vantage point of earth, it proved a very challenging place to examine more closely. Venus is earth "twin" venus is the close planet to earth in terms of density and size. The author also states humans sent numerous spacecrafts to land on this cloud-draped world. None of the single spaceship had survived. The spaceship would never last more than a hour on venus. This is why venus is a challengin planet for humans to study and find more about

The text states Venus is coverd with a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets. In the text is also says even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in venus's atmosphere. This planets is dangrous this is why most thing can't touch this planet. The text says these condition are extreme. This planet is hard to get on,but this won't stop them for trying to find a away to get on this planet. This might take years to find a away.

Im sure they will come up with many ideas or maybe have to find a way to get on this planet. it will be a challenge for them, but nothing will stop them from trying.

In the text Venus is called our sister planet ,but is so inhospitable secientisit still try to get on this planet. The athuor also states astroonomers are fascinated by venus because it may ha ve been the most earth like planet in our solar system. It also states

Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary vist. This planet may be dangrous. but that doesn't mean they will give up just because they may have failed in the past. The text states Nasa has one particularly complling idea for sending humans to study venus. In the text they are going to try and make a hovering car so they wouldn't have to touch the group and the people inside will be safe . They are also look for more way to make it to Venus.

The "Evening start " will take years to get on ,but that will not stop them from trying to get on Venus. Venus has maybe thing humans would like to find out about and it seem like a good planet to study. Venus is extreme dangrous,but it will not stop humans from getting on this planet. This search to get on this planet will not stop and go on for a while. Nasa has maybe good way of trying to get out to venus and getting stuff and coming back safe. Im sure they will test this machines or ships before sending humnas out there or they would just die. Nasa is looking at old stuff and trying to see what they can add. They even look back to see what they use and how can they add stuff to this. Nasa will keep going no matter what gets in there way.