Ever since it was first invented, the automobile has proved to be very important and practical for people all over the globe.  In the current century, however, the demand for the car has begun to see a potential disappearance, as  people are beginning to discover that there are advantages to minimizing their dependence on their vehicles. Limiting car usage has several very influential advantages, such as increasing mental health, reducing air pollution, and eliminating problems associated with traffic.

First of all, studies have proven that the use of automobiles is linked to the levels of stress and unhappiness that people feel. Source one elaborates on this by discussing a city in Germany that decided to give up cars. It quotes a woman who says that when she had a car she was always tense, but living in Vauban (the car- free city) has made her much happier. She is able to walk or bike everywhere that she needs to be in town. This opportunity to increase happiness is also mentioned in source three, which quotes a businessman who says that limiting car usage is "a good opportunity to take away stress." The alternative he choses is to ride a tandem bike with his wife. This allows for more bonding with his wife as well as increasing their physical health, which plays a vital role in mental health as well.

As of recently, the impact that cars have on the enviroment has gained more attention as well as increased concern. All vehicles emit greenhouse gasses, which are very harmful to the enviroment, causing smog and damage to the atmosphere. According to source one, limiting the use of passenger cars could reduce total greenhouse gas emissions by up to 50 percent. Source two describes how the accumulation of smog in Paris became so bad that it caused official bans on the use of cars. It took an entire week of restricting car usage to get the smog to clear up. Source four also agrees that the results of limiting car usage would have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the enviroment. Source one mentions that as a result of all of this, the Enviromental Protection Agency in the United States is promoting car reduced communities.

Lastly, limiting car usage eliminates all problems associated with traffic. Traffic creates many problems for people, from increasing danger to wasting time. Limiting car usage would immidately reduce traffic substantially. This could prevent people from being stuck on their way home during rush-hour every day.  Having cars speeding by, in residential areas especially, increases the level of danger for pedestrians. There are many casualties that happen every year due to automobile accidents. Limiting car usage would easily eliminate this problem. It would also eliminate the problem of drunk driving and the dangers associated with it. Source four supports this claim by stating that limiting car usage would in fact improve safety.

Limiting car usage has many advantages, and therefore should definately be taken into consideration. Doing this would not only increase mental health and wellbeing, but would also save time, conserve resources, lower emissions, and improve safety.                  