For a long time now, companies around the country have been attemping to develop a new car that would be completely driverless. This car would be safer, faster, and more innovative than any other self-driven car on the market right now, providing maximum safety to our people. Driverless cars are necessary to our society for the further development of technology. These new cars are quicker than manual cars, and safer than human-driven vehicles.

Developers believe that once driverless cars hit the streets, there will be a decline in car accidents and crashes. They say that the sensors on the new cars will improve the car and passenger's safety. The sensors can detect information from it's surroundings, and then apply pressure on the brakes for certain wheels, or ease off the engine, which would result in more driving accuracy than there would be with a human-driven car, therefore meaning more safety. Also, Google cofounder Sergey Brin has envisioned a public-transportation system kind of like taxis, but with a driverless car. This can only greatly benefit our society's safety, and our environment, due to the fact that it would use half of the fuel that today's taxis exhaust. There is an outstanding number of car crashes per year due to drunk driving. With driverless cars, people would not have to worry about how they're going to get home safetly, and just take a driverless taxi that they know they can trust. It would also provide a safer alternative than taking the bus, because then people wouldn't have to wait a long time for the bus to come. This would again therefore lower the rate of drunk driving accidents, and other safety issues, once again providing safety to the people.

Overall, driverless cars would be a major benefit to society, and a great advancement for technology. From this giant leap in technology, our developers will only advance, and make more great steps, to benefit our world. It would provide major safety to people, better than there has been ever before, and better than just a human driving.