I disagree with the decision of all students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activities. Students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities, it isn't fair to those who wouldn't want to. Some students may be busy and not have time, some students probably wouldn't want to, or maybe the student has a disability and can't do certain things.

Some students don't have time to do extracurricular activities because they have a lot of homework and they're really busy. I take advanced classes and after school I really dont have a lot of extra time because my school dismisses later in the day and my teachers give a lot of homework and most times it's due the next day. If a students parents work all the time and they have to watch their younger siblings while their parents are at work, they won't have time to be able to do different types of activities because they have a responsibility. Maybe some students have jobs and can't because they work long hours after school to make money and help their parents with bills.

Imagine students being forced to do things they don't want to do, and not being able to have a say whether not they want to do it. It isn't right for the principal to make the students do things they don't want to do, and it isn't even academic things like a test. There are kids that are antisocial and after school maybe they just want to relax when they get home, but now they can't because their principal is having them to do something they don't want to. I'm pretty sure someone would wan't to spend the rest of their day doing something they enjoy instead of being made to do extra activities after school.

If a child has a disability they shouldn't be made to do extra stuff, it's probably already hard enough for them to get around school or do the classwork. If there is disabled student it's probably hard for them because they can't do things everyone else can, but making them do activities for no reason would make it harder for the student. I have a friend with a disability and it would be wrong for the principal to make him to activities after school. Disabled kids should have the decision if they want to participate in extracurricular activities or not.

It isn't right to make students do extracurricular activities, especially if they don't have time, dont want to, or have a disability. I disagree with the decision, students shouldn't be forced to do extracurricular activities. Some students may be busy and not have time, some students probably wouldnt want to, or maybe the student has a disability. No one should be forced to do what they don't want to do, we all should have a choice.