Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Ring Ring Ring....! "Who's cell phone is that ringing in the middle of my math class" yells TEACHER_NAME! Cell phones in school have many pros & cons. With the policy of cell phones in school can lead too so much trouble such as: students not learning, students constantly off task & are not focused, or maybe even fights or violence. Cell phones in school can also be a good thing also known as a pro. With cell phones allowed in school as long as they are turned off during class time isn't bad, but with the students able too have them they are more than certain to take advantage & use them during class time anyway.

Cell phones in school are a huge distraction. Students would be so into their texts messages or their cell phone calls in the middle of an important lesson instead of listening & taking down notes for their next test. If cell phones are allowed in school, it would be a waist of useful learning time & knowledge being given away. If you are learning how too read, write, or use arithmetic then maybe you could use that knowledge too teach someone else. I believe that it is more important for all eyes & ears too be listening too the teacher, actively participating in class, & working hard to achieve something big then too be texting or on the phone in class or school time period. Most people think that you have too text in class & it is necessary. Well not really because cell phone use in class can lead too lack of knowledge, disrespect too students & teachers, & you being off task and unfocused.

"Oh my your phone is trash, that cheap twenty dollar phone? PLEASEEE! Mines is a 100% better." Students may argue & bicker about their phones being better than someone else's phone. I can guarantee that if phones were left home & not on school grounds or property then that would decrease the problem of trying to be better then the next person. Cell phones in school can cause many fights & cause terrible violence. But to stop or avoid that cell phones in school should be banned & a legislative state law.

All in all cell phones are a NO! So I am going too say I STRONGLY agree with Policy 2. Cell phones on school period can cause fighting, violence            