In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile," the author, Nick D'Alto explains how a recent technology called the "Facial Action Coding System" reveals human emotions in pictures. This is actually rather convincing to believe. How can you identify a picture's emotions through a new software? The use of the new technology, "Facial Action Coding System" used to read facial emotional expressions is not valuable to students in classroom because it seems too expensive for a public school to use, it looks to be more useful at images, and video games.

"Facial Action Coding System" is not useful to students in a classroom because it is expensive and mostly unaffordable for all classes. D'Alto explains what this technology is made up of, and its component looks expensive. On paragraph 3 the author explains that, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." (D'Alto 3) Having a 3-D model computer in classes not less than a hundred is money consuming and might ruin the school's budget. Having such prestige technology in class does not mean the students in the classroom will learn better or try changing their facial expressions.

Also, most of these type tehnologies are useful mainly at expensive images such as Mona Lisa portrait. This type of system only helps solve the mysteries behind old images such as Mona Lisa and not students' emotions. The author reveals that. "The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face, while it shows just how much this computer can do." (D'Alto 6) This shows that the Facial Action Coding System is mainly useful for such mystery portraits. It only helps solve people's curiosity rather than help students in classrooms.

Lastly the new technology also help make computer expressions more real in video games. Dr. Huang explains that, "The same technology can make computer-animated faces more expressive__ for video games or video surgery." (D'Alto 6) This evidence shows that the new software is more valuable at helping video gemes to look more real than helping students to study harder or to succeed.

Lastly, the new technology, "Facial Action Coding System" is not relevant for students in classroms because it is unaffordable, mainly useful for expensive portraits, and video games. There are many disadvantages than advantages for using the new technology at schools. The new system is more useful at video games and expensive portraits such as Mona Lisa's than in schools.