If you're reading this paper than you must want to figure out why someone seeks advice from multiple people. Well you're in luck! There are many reasons why someone would ask multiple people for advice. I'll list a few. They might seek multiple opinions on something, they might want comfort for the decision they made or want to make, or they might feel more comfort talking to multiple people.

Let's go into detail with seeking multiple options. A lot of people want to have multiple options because it normally gives better options to choose from. There is a down side though, you have to talk to people you trust. Otherwise if someone you don't trust is there, than they might spread a rummer about you. Although it still is a remarkably well way to find advise. Always think of the downside before using this method.

Now let's uncover the dark secrets to the comfort method. The comfort method is normally used for seeking comfort in the decision you want to make or have made. It cannot be used for trying to find the most possible options though. It is used for a yes you should do it or a no you shouldnt do it type answer. I personally do not like this method it does not work well enough in my opinion. Remember only use this method if you are seeking comfort in your answer.

How about we look into the people method. The people method stats that some one might seek advise from multiple people, because they might just like people. I know it sounds crazy, but people like being around other people. This method is used for the extroverts. If you are a introvert this is not the method for you. Fair warning though pick wisely who you talk to, because they might spread a rummer if you're not to careful. Remember only use this method if you are talkative.

I Think that all of the methods we have covered so far are very useful. One of the things I want you to remember following today is that remember the downside of each method before use of it. In conclusion I hope you also remember the three methods, multiple opinions, comfort, and people methods. If you remember those you will be able to figure out why people seek advise in groups. So do not forget this information!