"My biggest in life is to help kids believe that they can be anything when they grow up."-Kobe Bryant. School is not only for learning but also for helping students practice valuable life skills. As most students think that school is just about learning, it is also teaching them important skills that they need to know later in life. Therefore, having students participate in at least one extracurricular activity such as sports is a good idea because it helps students work on important skills such as collaboration, creativity, and hard working.

Collaboration I think is the most important skill to have to know on this list. Not only will you have to know how to talk properly at work, you will also need to know how to talk properly anywhere you go. That is why the more you talk to people in a group the more you help your collaboration skills. Collaboration doesn't always have to be oral. It can be done when texting someone. Make sure you think before you speak also that is on where everyone has trouble on, even adults.

Creativity can be good be bad. It can be good if your on a sports team and your need to make an exciting play. Creativity can also be found in artwork. Only the most beautiful artwork is fond from a creative artists. Now the reason creativity can be bad is if you take the lazy way out. By that I mean, say John's mom tells him to take out the trash but he don't feel like doing it, he then realizes that the trash can was left open. He decide to shoot the trash like it's a basketball in the trash. John then misses and he is left with a pile of trash to clean up. That is how creativity can be bad.

A hard working person is a person who he/she puts effort into something to get it done. The more someone says they can't, the more they're telling their brain to just give up. But the more they tell themselves they can then they can do it. Just think of Jason Pierre Paul. He plays for the Philadelphia Eagles. When he lost his arm as a young boy he though he would never be able to play in the NFL with his brother. But he didn't quit and he showed the world how much effort he put into wanting to play in the NFL. He went on to win best defenses man of the year award. All because of his hard work.

In conclusion having students participate in at least one extracurricular activity such as sports is a great way to help students practice their collaboration skills, creativity skills, and hardworking skills. Every body needs to start learning these skills at a young age. So they can grow up to be a civilized human being. All we need is some modern civilized people. If we had them this world would be a better place to live in.                                    