I think that we should change from the Electoral College, to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. Yes, the Elctoral College in good in some ways, but I believe the flaws it has out numbers the good things. When you vote you really aren't voting for the president but for a slate of electors, there was the 2000 fiasco, and there really isn't that many reasons to keep the current method of choosing our president.

According to the article "What is Electoral College?" The electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for the President and Vice President, and the counting of electoral votes by congress. So you really are'nt voting for the president but for a slate of electors. Elecotors can be anyone isn't holding a public office. Who is picked as the electors depends on the state. Sometimes there's state conventions, sometimes the state party's central committee, and sometimes the presidential candidates themselves. Voters can't control who the electors vote for and sometimes voters get confused about electors and vote for the wrong candidate.

There was also the 2000 fiasco that was the biggest election crisis in a century, and the system allows for much worse, according to "The Indefensible Electoral College:Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong." There have been a few occasions where "faithless" electors have refused to vote for their party's candidate and casted the deciding vote for whomever they pleased. Oh, and what happens if a state sends two state electors to Congress? According to "The indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" it happened it Hawii in 1960. Luckily, Vice President Richar Nixon, validated only his opponent's electors, but he made sure to do so "without establishing a precedent." But who's to say it won't happen again?

The Electoral College does have some goods things about it as well. It states those things in the article "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President." 1. There is always a Certainty of Outcome "A dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible, but its less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. 2. It makes it Everyone's President."The Elecotral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal." Which means no regions has enogh elecotrol votes to elect a president. 3. Swing states, "the winner-take-all method of awarding elecotral votes includes the candidates to focus their campaigns efforts on the toss-up states." 4. Big States, "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the senate decreed  in the Constitution" 5. It avoids run-off Elections, "Electoral College avoids the problem of electionsin which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast."

Now, you can see why I think we should change from the College Electoral to election by Popular Vote. The Electoral Vote does have it's advantages but I think the many disadvantages that come with it outweigh those advantages.

When you vote you really aren't voting for the president but for a slate of electors, there was the 2000 fiasco, and there really isn't that many reasons to keep the current method of choosing our president.            