Venus is the second planet from our sun, it is also called the Evening Star. The author uses many pieces of ecidence that states that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The first piece of evidence is that well us as humans have this thing in our DNA that wants to survive longer. We want to explore whats mysterious, we want more, we want it all. Venus is a way of "if we can find a way to make it survivable for humans, extinction for our species will be nearly zero." This paragraph is more of my piece of evidence but the author was inching towards it at the last paragraph of the passage.

The passage stated that long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life. Which sounds a lot like Earth. So if long ago, this place was sustainable, then that just gives us motivation that we might be able to actually do this. The second piece of evidence that the author uses to state Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents is NASA might be working on a project that involves a blimp-like vehicle hovering around 30 above Venus. This project if suceesful can possibly be the first big step for actually landing on Venus even with its harsh conditions.

The last piece of evidence is that solar energy or power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. These may not be the easiest conditions but it is survivable for humans. We still cannot take samples of rocks, gas or anything on the surface of Venus. This is just another challenge that we will overcome sooner or later. When we solve this problem, then the real fun begins.

In conclusion the author suggests that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents by using good information, and having multiple pieces of evidence to back up his or her statement. In paragraph 8 the author states " Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Human curiosity to travel, to explore to get more will always be in our DNA.              