Is attending classes from home a good idea? Some schools are offering distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because of the lack of verbal communication and diversity training.

Lack of verbal communication will prevent students from enhancing this skill. A popular quote states, "It's not what you said, but how you said it." This explains the miscommuincation online classes can have. Sometimes the message you write down can be misinterpreted if the readers does not see you physical to understand the message you are trying to bring. Communication is important in any situation, school provides situations were students built teamwork and leadership skills by teaching what is the appropriate way to tell and respond to someone. Furthermore, in my biology class we had to set up an experiment and divide the work. As we were working one of our group member was looking lost and I asked her what was wrong. She said she did not know what her responsibility was and that is when I realized while we were discussing who was doing what, we did not confirm at the end if everyone understand what they were doing. From then I changed my way of communicating by repeating what we all agree on while looking them in the eye to have their attention. Without this experience I would not have enhanced my communication skills. This proves why students should attend classes only from school, so that they are able to experiences situation like this because they will not learn unless the learn from mistakes given in similar real life situations at school.

Students must have training in a diverse environment. A famous quote said, "Diversity training leads to a successful work environment." School provides a diversity training for students to work together in homework, classwork, project, and group discussions. By physically being present students learn the different identity that makes a person such as their race, religion, culture, sexually identity, and self identity as well as the students background. Student will learn that they will work with different people and how in work environments they must be respectful and mindful of each other and this training begins at school. Additionally, this will help build professionally skills for students so they may apply them when they go out into the real world. For example, in my social studies class we had to interview a foreigner about their experiences coming to the U.S. The person I was interviewing would sometimes keep talking and run off with talking about something that I did not ask the questions for. I was taught to have patience and ask if necessary if they can repeat what they said respectfully and that is what I did. My knowledge from school that everyone is different, that everyone communicates and express differently helped me to understand to be patience with the person I was interviewing. I also had knowledge from my classmates who come from other countries to the United States and their experience with the immigration paperwork. This helped me be more sympathetic during the interview which I could tell made the person feel more comfortable and open up to me. By gaining knowledge about each other, students can adjust accordingly on how not to offend one another and apply this background knowledge to any environment they are in.

On the alternative side, some may argue that students would feel more comfortable at home, not stress about being late to class or missing the bus ride, or cause trouble in class; however, students need to learn in an environment outside their home. In reality, when they go out and get jobs or pursue their goals, these experiences and skills are needed to be professional and have a successfully performances. By not taking class in school could affect my performance in my future career such as the medical field. If I do not have good communication many things could go wrong such as incorrect prescription or confusion in surgical procedures. When I am talking with a patient I could be offending them without even knowing. Students ability to communicate clearly is not just important for them but to all of us because they are our future and we place our trust in their ability. By being in school, students will learn to arrive right on time and behave well because in the outside world there are consequences for these actions.

Online classes will not benefit students from learning at home do to not being able to experiences communication skills and really learn about students with different backgrounds. Students at school will have many experiences with the importance of communication and how to built on it. Gaining knowledge about different people from themselves and not just online lets students learn that everyone thinks and acts differently and how to interact respectfully with them. Students should be exposed to a similar real life environment which they will get in school. Would't you want our future to be in the hands of new generation knowing we can trust their abilities? 