Here we are. Going through a difficult time. And you don't know who to go to. So you ask multiple people for advice or there opinion. To be honest that is better. Seeking multiple opinions can help you make a better choice. I think it is better to seek multiple opinions because you get multiple point of views, you can choose one out of the many opinions you have, and if you only go to one person you don't have any other choice.

First of all, it is extremely hard if your going through a problem and you dont know who to go to. So you tell a variety of people you trust. Let's say it's your mom, your best friend, your cousin, and your mentor. They will all give you different ideas on how to solve out your problem or will give you multiple opinions. If you ask me, it is better that way. I believe it is better like that because you get multiple point of views on how they would solve a problem. Also, if you don't like the opinions that 2 of the people gave you, you dont have to worry. You have the other 2 people's opinion to focus on. At the end of the day, you choose the one you like better or the one you think it is easier to follow.

Then, let's just say you got all the people you trust opinions. You have 4 in total. You can choose one out of the many opinions you have. If you dont like one, you can go to the other. You don't have to stress about it because you told the people you trust. They would not want the worst for you. They would want you to move on from this difficult situation that you are going through. Also, you could combine the advises. You have multiple of them and if they are all really good, you could use all of them.

Lastly, if you only go to one person, you dont really have any other choice. Let's say that you decided to go to one person, your mom. She gives you advice on how to deal with the situation and you don't really like it that much. But what other opinions would you be going too? You would already have to much on your mind to think of another idea. So, if you seek for multiple opinions, there you can choose which one you enjoy better and you dont have to stress out about what other things you should do.

In conclusion, I think it's better to seek multiple opinions because you get multiple point of views, you can choose one out of the many opinions, and if you only go to one person, you dont have an other choice. 