To State Senator, Electoral college. What a complex process it has become. I am writing to you today to explain to you why the Electoral College should be held. As you know, this is a process which starts off by  a meeting of the electors to discuss and vote for the President and the Vice President of United States, then counting the electoral votes by the Congress. The Electoral College isnt a small thing, it consists of 538 electors. It requires at least 270 votes to elect the President.

Every candidate running has his/her own group of electors. Most states have as its called "winner-take-all" system. Which basically, gives all the electors the opportunity to the winning presidential candidate. When the president is elected, the governor sets up a "Certificate of Ascertainment". Which concludes a list of names of all the candidates who ran for President. The certificate is then sent to Congress and the National Archives as apart of the presidential election and history.

It has come to my attention that there has been a majority of people who do not agree with the Electoral College and wish for it to be abolished. A source says and I quote, " Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, who in turn elect the president." Although, this source only has ONE argument against the Electoral College, which is called the disastor factor. It explains that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest mistake in a century, and how it couldve been worse. In all honesty, if it was going to be as worse... then it wouldve. But it did not so why they spend so much time stressing about something that does not exist.

It also mentions that  if a tie were to happen in the electoral votes, the election would be thrown out of the House of Representatives and the state delegations vote for the president.  IF a tie were to appear, i doubt very much that it will happen because the people campaign for the president they want in the White house, so they persuade people causing one to have most votes. But in all worst cases, that is why there is a Vice-President. The Vice-President serves a purpose and should be treated like so.

There are 5 reasons to keep out Electoral College: Certainty of Outcome, Everyone's President, Swing states, Big states, and Avoid run off elections. Certainty of outcome includes that yes, anything is possible, a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College, but it is very less likely than a popular vote. The winning candidates share of the college go past his share of popular vote. Everyone's President inlcudes that the college requires a presidential candidate to have a trans-regional appeal. Meaning that if it has no region, the electoral votes are already enough votes to select the president.

Swing states consists of the winner-take-all system as mentioned earlier. Voters are more likely to pay attention to the campaign in toss-up states, to really understand what is hapeneing even though they already know what their final desicions is. The most humble and heartfelt voters should be the ones to decide the election. And of course the big states. In other words, the larger the state equals the more attention from presidential candidates in a campiagn than a smaller state. An example, would be that Florida recieved 29 electoral votes for the current president, rather than Wyoming which only got 3. And finally to conclude, the Avoid run-off elections. The electoral college avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate is favorited. There of course is pressure in run off when no candidate wins a majority of cast votes.

To end this letter sent to you, State senator. I have explained to you the process of the electoral votes. I also explaind the reasons why you should keep the Electoral College held. Please rethink this over and consider the best option...To keep held the Electoral College. Best wishes.    