Agreeing to the developments of smart cars has it's advantages but it also has it's disadvantages. Some smart cars can be developed to not have the need for a human to be responsible at anytime. Others disagree with the idea and think this idea should stop. In my opinion I disagree with the development in smart cars.

The inventors of these smart cars say that they have sensors to know if the human is paying attention but having smarter cars for that reason can be dangerous. Many people have had accidents and many of those accidents have been fatal. All those accidents need is for the person to take his/her eyes off the road for a quick second. At this moment they have cars that can drive themsleves but also need assitance once in a while but anyone can say "Oh I've got my eyes on the road" but in reality they are more distracted than a child playing toys. Many people can trust a car at it's job for one second but lose their life the next. Smart car development is not the smart way to go.

If furtists develop a car that can do its job with no human assistance at all, of course people will start buying but I guarantee more accidents occur. These car companies can't guarantee you that the car may turn off, that the car will stop working out of no where. Anyone can be driving and thinking the car has everything under control they start putting their mind into other things like texting, calling, writing, and even changing in a car because they're late to their destination. You can't always trust technology because there is something that can always make it go wrong. People will be unaware of everything going on around them when their eyes, ears, and mind aren't neccesary on the road. When the time comes on who's fault it was that the accident occured the question will be whose fault was it really the manufacturer orr the drivers? If you would've kept your eyes on the road and tooken responsibilty you'd be able to prevent being in a room where your freedom is to determined all because of one "smart car."