As we are growing up riding in the front seat of our parent's, friend's, brother or sister's car we desperately can't wait until it is our time to achieve our license and follow their footsteps. The thought of having the responsiblity of someone else's life while driving can scare some people, but not me. Even though there are many different types of laws enplaced in each state following driving, it is a priveldge to be able to drive, not a right. Some people are able to drive, some are not. My parents often say don't rush to get your license because driving isn't all it seems to be but I don't care to listen, I will see for myself.

There are many different occassions in movies that take place in the future that include floating cars, driverless cars, all types of advancements in technology. We all have imagined that in the future that this would be an amazing invention that everyone would love but actually in reality, not everyone favors this. People speculate the consistency and safety that comes from techonology almost everyday, through their phones, laptops, and even their very own car. But me, I'm all in for trusting driverless cars and depending on technology to ensure the safety of my life. I feel that if these automakers can put together a car that can steer, accelerate, and even brake all on themselves, I'm sure going to try it because it would just make driving all less stressful. Even though I don't even have my license yet, I am surely optimistic in the success and excitement that these driverless cars are to become in the near future.

Techonolgy advancements that have occured just in the past decade have already impacted the quality of life for the normal human being. Inventions such as the iPhone, have made billions upon billions of dollars to Apple because people love the advantages that come with them. This is just one of the many successful technological advancements that have taken place in the past 10 years. A phone really isn't a neccesity to some people but a car on the other hand is, depending on where you live and the status of your life is a need to the average person. So if a new inventions in a phone has affected billions of lives of people around the world, then why can't a advancement in a car making the lives of people less of a hassle succeed? We can only wait and see what type of new improvement in the quality of life is soon to come any day now.       