Have you have wonder if you could go to the store with out diving. In the world today technolgie has change and the world as change. In the world today people are scared or don't even want to drive. Most people say it's not possible to get a car to take you places.

Wouldn't be great to get a car that drives by its self. Google confounder Sergey Brin has been working to get cars to drive by them self so the driver don't have to drive. Sergey Brin said it would only half the fuel you use today, it will also make sure you will be save and it will tell you when you willl need to take over and drive yourself. People in the world today has been getting into alot of crashes and not following the rules. These cars will be so smart it will tell you when you have to take over it will also tell you when you need gas or other things in your car. These cars will be one of the smartest things you will ever see. Just think how smart your phone is, your car will be twice as smarter than anything in this world. The smart cars will stop you when you are about to hit something. Just think when you are driving and you get scared and don't know what to do the car will push the breaks for you and you don't have to worry about anything.

If people are worried about the laws the car will take care of it. Most driver today when they drive they do stupid stuff or drive very carful, but what if you get scared and you have no idea what to do. The new car will take care of anything you will ask it to do. Some people are saying whatever if i dont trust it if you don't trust it you will have control of your car still you don't even have to let it do its own thing. People can sill control it and do whatever you want like it was the same car. Mercedes and Benz, Adui, and Nissan plan to have cars drive by them self in 2020. They are still looking to see what all they can do but they think in 2020 that people today don't have to drive there cars anymore.

How would it be to be able to drive with even touching the car. The world has change so much and it is still changing today. We will just have to wait and see what 2020 brings to us.