9When looking at the world from a birds eye view, it is possible to see the beauty in the world; Even so, in certain developed and developing areas, the people are choking. The choking is not just supported by the violated environment, but along with that, society is an advocate for the pain of the people. An intrugal part of the current society is the usage of cars. With the progressing world also comes regress, and according to an article wrriten by the New york times in 2013, it was stated that in countries such as the United states of America, "Americans are buying less and getting fewer licenses as each yeat goes by." This eventually has lead to a limiting in car usage in the U.S.A. Although the car industry may suffer from this, it is essential to note that, the limiting in car usage does not really have a negative impact on the public. In fact, in the long run, the limiting of car usage will be beneficial to society as a whole. This can be seen in three major ways, with first,

public benefits

, second,

cheaper and time-saving methods

, and finally the unmatched environmental benefits

.

As people continue to choke from the pain, it becomes important to identify the remedy to the problem, and limiting car usage is the definately one of the best ways to reduce the harms. The public benefits can be broken down into reduced stress

, more space

, and increased saftey

. Starting off with stress, Heidrun Walter, a mother of two children stated that she was "always tense" when she had a car. she now lives in the German city of Vauban. Here most people have given up on cars, including Mrs. Walter. As a mother of two she ultimately is a strong advocate of car usage limitation. With Mrs. Walter, businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza stated that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress". These people have already felt their stress decrease with the limitation of car usage and this is a major benefit. Moving toward space, an article written by Elisabeth Rosenthal in 2009, states in this new approach, we will have make it so there is less space for parking. With less space for cars, there is more space for people. Not only that but with the increased limit, there is a decrease in traffic. Traffic can be extremely long, and in this case it will help to increase public space. Although traffic does not pose threats to the people safety, in the long term car accidents do pose a major threat. Therefore, with their limit, there can be an increase in safety for the people. Moving back to Mrs. Walter, she as a mother of two did want the best for her children, and above all comes their saftey. Meaning that her choice can also reflect the safety that this limitation produces.

Although people do want to benefit as individuals, it really comes down to the cost at the end point. But limiting car usage is actually not that expensive to the average person. In fact, by limiting cars, alternate transportation is promoted. Countries such as Colombia, have move on to bicycles. The major of Bogota(a city in colombia) said that due to the limitation of cars for a day "It has seen the constuction of 118 miles of bicycle paths". This is cheaper because the prices og bicycles are pale in comparison to cars. This means that transport would be so much more affordable. Now with the increase in bicycle travel, there would hardly be any large amounts of traffic. And although cars are much faster than bicycles, the fact that traffic will be a major factor in travel, bicycle travel will be more efficient. This ultimately means that by limiting car usage, transportation will be cheaper, and it will be just as efficient, if not more. It can be said that it would be difficult to manage bicycle travel, but David Goldberg, an offical of transportation for America said that in countries such as the U.S.A. 80% of appropriations have gone to highways. This ultimately sets the stone for the construstion of these lanes. By limiting car usage, these appropriations can be set aside for other means of transportation. Indeed in the end  Vauban is correct in calling this "smart planning".

Now comes out the benefits everyone knows about: the environmental benefits. Smog has been one of the largest problems that is choking the people around the world. In countries such as China, it is elementary that those people as facing large amounts of smog, daily. But what may not be as common to people is that a country such as France has also started to see a similiar problem. Pollution in France is actually rivaled by Beijing(one of the most polluted countries in the world) as reported by the Chicago tribune on 2014. Cars have been the major cause of this, considering the fact that a large amount of carbon emission were sent out by cars. In fact an article named "The end of car culture" states that cars are one of the highest sources for carbon emissions. By limiting car usage, cities such as Bogota and Paris, faced amazing results. Overall by limiting car usage the environment benefits exponentially.

In the end the solution to the people choking in the world, is simple: limiting car usage. The advantages of this limitation can be seen with benefits to socitey. This can be seen with public benefits, cheaper and time saving methods and of course the environmental benefits.                                            