The program that the school provides for attending classes online could have a positive outcome or it could have a negative outcome. Different school have different ways of doing things. Some school don't provide this type of programs, in others do. Different type of people have different type of view of attending classes online. People would agree that is a good idea but other would say its bad idea. Having online class you don't have to wait for other people to finish. You could do what pace you want and to do your classes. It could have a negative part to attending online school. Your WIFI could go slow or not work at all. Having a hard time to achieve the work. Not having a different environment with people with the same age. Not doing the work that they assigned you.

When a student have class online they could find it defalcate to achieve the work that they been assigned to. You would not be able to ask question about the problem. Would have to figure it out by your self. Some online website would not help you to achieve what you are looking for. It could give a bad answer and then you got the whole assignment wrong. In videos you could find ways to achieve it but sometimes there is not a lot of videos on things that you are looking for. If you where in a class room you could ask a teacher to show you how to solve it and you would probably would understand it more. In online school sometimes there is no teacher available at the time when you need them. Sometimes student don't have the time and sometimes they don't turn in there work on time. Would just put it to the side and say" they would probably do it later" and never do it. It could be found defalcate to achieve the work on time.

When you so round your self with people that are the same age. You could have study patterns and you could ask them for help. Doing online school its just you and the computer and the class you are taking. Probably have friends but they mite not be taking the same class as you,would not be a able to work together or study. Doing online school would maybe not have time to socialize with new people. You may work or do other things but most of the times they could be older or you just don't talk to people a lot. Having different environment could help you to learn more and plus you would not be by your self. Have other people with you in the same room. Not just you home by yourself with a computer. Having classes online you would not be sou round with people your age.

Doing online class sometimes could give out a lot of work to do in one day. In the same day you have to turn it in. It could be challenge when you dont know what they are talking about or you just don't understand it. Doing your work is one important thing to do, to understand the class and what its teaching. Not just going online to find something that kind of looks like the work and you just copy it down. Sometimes student could get lazy and not do there work. Would probably leave it for the last minute to turn it in. The laziness of student could end up with no good grades or passing the class, would take the class all over. You could get distracted really fast with other things that is going on in your life. Not doing the work, it would not take you no where and would not finish the class on time before the due date.

The school would give different ways for student to attend class. It could be online class or going to a classroom in a school. It would be helpful for student to attend more class and probably have more free time. Sometimes student could take advantage on this program to just stay home and do nothing. Life could be hard sometimes and you could go through things that you don't expect to happen. It could be defalcate when you don't know the subject and there is no teacher around to help you. Students always choose whats right for them. Attending classes online could be defalcate to achieve. Would not be sou rand by people their age and probably not do there work. Attending classes online dose not always work out for students.    