Technology has been applied in many aspects in our lives that have improved major components such as economic machinery, medical equipment and cures, transportation, and even entertainment. However, when referring to education, there isn't a clear growth in the development of technology within the school environment. For generations, the school dynamic has remained relatively the same with very similar and unaffected teaching styles since the 20th century. This can be very ironic since there are many problems and flaws with our US educations system today. Conflicts relating to students struggles in productivity and uninterest in school has been the effect in mental health with an increase in depression, and many students who are diagnose with this draws back to their high levels of stress in schools. Many students lose their passion and motivation to be creative and optimistic through their future. Though, there are new ways and options into solving these problematic situations. One way is through online distance learning, an alternative for students to attend classes from home by using online resources or video conferencing. Online schooling can benefit and improve students learning by providing digital classes to supply students for the best education possible.

The efficiency and availability of the internet is so common among teenagers, which allows them to easily access online assignments and lessons. The great thing about online classes is that students are able to go in their own individual pace and complete tasks that are more suitable for them. It is crucial for schools to acknowledge the different learning styles of each student and is something that is rarely considered in traditional classrooms. With this method, it will help students be more efficient and productive through out their day to day lives with the privilege of learning and focusing on their personal struggles such as reviewing lessons or topics.

Not only is online schooling beneficial for students learning progress, but it also saves so much time throughout the day. As young successors, it can be very challenging to balance time since majority of their day consist of school.

With ruffly eight hours used in schools and additional hours used in after school circular activities and homework, it can be nearly impossible to insert time for rest and self reflection. It is a huge necessity for students to get the required 7-9 hours of sleep a day to allow the brain to rest and prepare for upcoming tasks, and it enables them to perform at their best. Online education allows students to have time to do other interests in their ideal lives which increases productivity all together. Not only is this great for them to expand their horizon in experiencing and developing their own qualities, but also is convenient for students with hard and difficult circumstances; whether its dealing with family, financial state, and other private matters.

The contrary of distance learning can be dismantled in many well opposing minds in school departments due to the explicit and dramatic change to the idea. There are some counter implications that can be mentioned for the sake of improvement. With at home lessons, students will lose interaction and connection in a classroom which might be a strong skill needed in future careers. Assignments involving group presentations, live debates, experiments, and other tasks will be modified through online learning; but again, these assignments are best performed in classroom settings because of its complexities. This conflict may affect students learning from the lack of preparation or knowledge for certain high level classes. Missing out on these type of teachings is something that students should consider, and choose what is best and prior for their career fields.

Whether a student prefers in-home classes or not, online learning is not the main issue of why this was brought to attention. The climax of this topic is the undeveloped schooling system that is placed today. It is severely flawed and is failing to reach the full potential for students to become successful; this is due to lack of time, loss of determination in school, limited learning methods, and more. Online education provides a solution that implements an update version of teaching to solve these struggles and benefit students learning in order for them to reach their future achievements in life.