Have you ever wanted to get a chance to explore beautiful and foreign lands? Well then, joining the Seagoing Cowboys would definitely be the job for you. I, Luke Boberger, am a former Seagoing Cowboy and I have crossed the Atlantic Ocean 16 times and have crossed the Pacific Ocean twice to help those affected by World War II. Being a Seagoing Cowboy was a great adventure, but it was also more than that. It opened up the world to me.

If you join the Seagoing Cowboys, you get to see, and sometimes visit, amazing and beautiful places. When myself and the crew first set sail from New Orleans to deliver 335 horses to Greece, I couldn't wait to get there. I saw the Acropolis in Greece, and it was beautiful! When delivering animals to these foreign lands, I also got the side benefit of seeing a lot of Europe and China. I got to take a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, explore an excavated castle in Crete, and I marveled at the Panama Canal on my way to China.

By joining the Seagoing Cowboys, you get the important, but rewarding, job of caring for those in dire need. When I joined the Seagoing Cowboys, I had no idea the happiness you receive from helping those who need help. By delivering food supplies, animals, and even more, you make these people's lives a lot more easier. You are giving them food, animals to make into food, and animals to help with work. Helping these citizens really opened my eyes to the rest of the world.

The final thing I'm going to tell you about is having fun. When I was on the ship, and the animals and supplies had been delivered, we had fun on the ship. It wasn't the reason I had joined, but it is definitely a joyous side benefit. Us cowboys would play baseball and volleyball games where animals had been kept. We also held table-tennis tourneys, fenced, boxed, read, and whittled to pass the time. It's amazing what you can do when you're bored on a nearly-empty ship!

These are the reason why I believe that all able and willing men need to join the Seagoing Cowboys. You get to see wonderful lands. You also can have fun on the ships. Most importantly though, you get to help those in need. It's amazing that doing a job like this can make such an impact on people's lives. Join the Seagoing Cowboys!                