Should students design a summer project for school? Yes students should design the summer project. Plenty of students would get their projects done; it'll be better understanding and easier on the students. I believe the summer project should be designed by the students because the students are going to be able to choose what is going to helped them over the break with their summer projects like making it fun to do maybe with friends, family members, or anything to get your summer projects done.

More students would turn in the summer projects. From school experiences when students come back from their summer break plenty of students don't have their summer projects because students don't like the books they have to choose from. The project should be fun for students its their summer break it should be fun and about things they like and turn it an essay about what they did over the summer. The summer project should be designed by students so more students could turn in their projects when they arrive back to school from their break.

Students would be interested in doing them if they were designed by the students. If the project would be student designed it would be much easier for students because the student will have to find something that interested in and what they like and also it would make it much better because the students would have to talk about a couple things that helped them with doing the summer project. Summer projects should be a little fun, better than the way a teacher would design the summer project. Students could make it creative and fun it doesn't have to be boring. Students like to do fun things with school not always just doing work that's boring.

It would help if getting a couple students from different grade levels to talk about the summer project. The students would talk about what is going to be needed for the project. Students are going to agree and disagree about what they dont like about the way the teacher designed the summer projects and turn it into somethings students like and an easier and fun way for students to do their summer projects. Getting experiences from other students on what they like and don't about the teacher way of designing the project is helpful, so the students know what they should be looking for when designing the project for students.

I believe that the students should design the summer project in a fun and creative way instead of reading books and telling things about the book, therefore more students can get them done. I could see why it should be teacher designed because teachers know exactly what their looking towards when trying to help students see their problems in certain areas, but students understand things more when it's coming from experience. 