The advantage of limiting car usage is beneficial to helping the enviroment, improvement in America and citizens. Which all lead a happier healthier life, and may also improve our realtionship with other country's around the world.

However, even though their are many different advantages to limiting car usage, one of the most important one is helping the enviroment. The amount of green house gas emission is unbelievable, "and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States" compared to "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emmison in Europe". Citizens if we limit our car usage our surronding's would be a healthier place. "as she walked verdant streets where the swish of bicycles and the chatter pf wandering children drown out the occasional distant motor". With cars not being allowed in this community, it create's a safer enviroment for their community. "pedestrians, bicycle, private cars, commmercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions and improve safety" which are more examples of helping th enviroment.

Furthermore, another advantage of limiting car usage is improvement of social and also awarness of other transportation. ""All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." said David Goldberg, and official of Transportation for America, a fast growinh coaltion of hundreds of groups in the United States... who are promotiong new communities that are less dependent on cars." with new kinds of transportation we could get places quicker and improver our lives. Their are many other places doing car free day which seems to be helping, they put rules in place like getting fined oif you use your car. Those country's have seen results. If we do this in America we can see many new results too. "The turnout was large, despite gray clouds that dumped occasional rain showers on Bogste. "The rain hasn't stopped people from particapting" with this kind of determination it can help build character in citizens.

Concludingly, their are many if not thousands of advantages to limiting car usage, you just have to be a willing particapant. As a citizen of America ask yourself, do you want to improve the world your living in by just taking a very simple step of limiting car usage.         