There are many different opinions about the whole "Driverless Cars" idea. They're good, they're bad, etc. Why are they so good or bad? Well in my opinion they are a very bad thing. "Driverless Cars" are a very bad thing for multiple reasons.

First, there's the increased risk of an accident. Sure technology is highly advanced now a days, but that doesn't mean there are zero problems. "If the technology fails", there is always a chance that something could go wrong. For example, how many times has your phone crashed or shut down on you? That could very likely happen to your driverless car. I know I wouldn't want a malfunction in my car and not be able to get anywhere, let alone get in an accident because something went wrong in my car.

Secondly, it's encouraging our already lazy society to be even lazier. Everywhere you look there's someone being lazy. For example, instead of going outside on a nice day kids will play their video games or they will find an easy way to get something done quickly (shoving stuff under the bed instead of putting it away). All people do now a days is sit on there high tech devices. "Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver?" These cars will just be that much more of a reason for people not to do something. "[T]he dream of calling a driverless cab to take us wherever we desire, [. . .] has finally begun ot catch up". As soon as there are "official" driverless cars people wont have to worry about "drunk driving", speeding, falling asleep, etc.

Finally, the financial cost of all of this. Everytime something new comes out it's expencive and "high class", but everyone still wants it. If driverless cars become an actual thing then they're going to be high priced. Plus the production of them will be just that much more expensive. The United States already has enough debt to deal with why would we want to put ourselves in even more? Sure people would still buy them, but if the police can't ticket anyone for speeding then we loose money from that. Car accidents are one of the leading causes of injury. If the driverless cars happen to help with less accidents then hospitals would loose major profit from car accident pacients.

Of course, if the technology was perfect, the cars could benefit in a lot of ways. As we all know, though, technology isn't perfect. Which is exactly why the "Driverless Cars" are a terrible idea for our society. There are too many flaws with the idea of driverless cars. That is why I would not feel safe or comfortable in one.