Summer break is the time were students get to unwind relax and just enjoy being youthful with friends and family even though it can lead to them struggling to learn for the next school year. When school is out and students are on summer break students tend to forget everything that they had previously learned from the past year. Which leads them to their first week back to school being confusing also basic concepts that they were already taught become difficult to remember. This is why teachers give out teacher designed summer projects to keep students mentally stimulated, help them get an understanding at the new subject they will be learning, and remind them of old concepts that were taught to them.

If a student is given all of summer break to themselves they won't hesitate to not look at a book or do some practice math problems or watch a video on things they have learned to refresh themselves. Students use the school breaks as a way to hang out with friends and family, get a summer job, and some stay home and do nothing. With all these ways a student can distract themselves and make up open time the summer project will ensure that students minds will have school topics on their mind and stay mentally stimulated through out the summer.

The first week of school can be the most stressful for a student because they have to get used to waking up on time, they dont know were there classes are, and they may not have friends in their new classes. Also students coming back from summer break are introduced to new topics which can be stressful. If teachers give their students coming into their classes a summer break project that the teacher created to help introduce them to the topic they will be learning it will make understanding the subject easier.

In classes that require previous knowledge from lower levels for example math I remember when I went from algebra 1 to algebra 2 it was extremely hard for me to understand algebra 2 because I couldn't use what remembered from the previous level since I had forgotten it over the summer. In this case if I was given a worksheet or some packet that I could have done over the summer to help me remember and use algebra 1 for algebra 2 it would much easier for me to understand what i was being taught. From personal experience I know I wasn't the only other student who struggled from a similar situation like this, reasons like this is why most teachers give out there own assignments for students to do to help them remember old previous concepts and methods from previous years to understand their class.

When compared to teacher designed assignments or projects if students got the choice on what to make their project it would not help them at all because they would do what the minimum of what was required and not put in the same amount of effort as others could have put in. Which is why teacher designed projects over the summer is the better option of the two to make sure students stay mentally stimulated, so they get and understanding of the new subject they will be learning, and it will ensure that they will touch up on old skills taught in previous years that will be need for the following year.             