Classroom learning is seen as the standard for public education, but soon, this could change. Distanced learning is a schooling option that most overlook due to its abnormality, yet this fairly new type of education could transform the lives of many. The idea of sitting in a classroom with at least twenty other students isnt the most helpful type of learning for a multitude of students. Those that argue this type of schooling makes it harder for growing children to develop important social skills, fail to realize that this is not the best/only option for every student. Distanced education is extremely beneficial to an array of students due to its flexibility and isolated setting.

Attendance is something that holds large amounts of students back from graduation, yet frequently missing school isnt a choice for some students. Often times teenagers with physical and or mental illnesses are required to miss school as a result of their doctor/therapy appointments. These students are then plagued with stress, when they could be utilizing that time to focus on themselves and recover to return to a "normal" school schedule as soon as possible. Online courses move at the students speed, and makes it so that one can continue at their own pace and pick up when its most convenient for them. The common school schedule (seven to three) doesnt consider what is best for these type of students, and forces this non-negotiable time slot on them. On the other hand, online education creates a flexible and customizible schedule that works with all.

Anxiety is a type of mental illness that causes constant worrying, and sadly it affects an alarming number of high school students. The students that are cursed with this illness are not found to strive in the "normal" classroom setting. If alternative types of learning were made more common and accessible, unnecessary anxiety and worsened mental health could be easily avoided. Isolated learning makes the education experience less stressful and much easier to manage for those who struggle with mental illness, and even those who just prefer one on one learning. Isolated settings dont work with every student, and this is why it is not the only option.

Distanced education is tremendously beneficial to a variety of students due to its flexibility and more comfortable setting. This type of education is not the only kind available to students, it is an alternative type for those that could benefit from it (as many can). Preferably, distanced learning would not be a permanent solution yet one that could be appreciated in its time of need. Many students would benefit immensely from this type of education as it has the ability to work with all different types of students and all different types of situations. Despite the benefits, this type of schooling would only be utilized when necessary. Think about the amount of students that could find success with this alternative kind of education, why would this idea not be considered?