The presidential election is an enourmous event that almost all Americans over the age of eighteen participate in.  But there is one problem, the system we use for it is outdated, unfair, and just terrible!  The electoral college needs to be removed because voters need more power, and there are tons of problems that come with the electoral college.

There are some pretty solid defenses for the United States to keep the electoral college.  For example, as stated in in the article by Posner, even though some candidates can dominate regions, "no region has enough electoral votes to elect a president."  But the thing is, even though it might not be enough to win the election, it extremely benefits the candidates race.  Another defense states in Posner's article is that the trust of the slate of electors that you are actually voting for is "rarely betrayed."  This is a flawed defense because it shouldn't be rarely betrayed, instead, it shouldn't be betrayed at all!

Since the trust of voters in the slate of electors can't be betrayed, why not put the power in the voters hands instead of people most of the voters have never even met?  The voters aren't even voting for the president in the electoral college system, they are voting for a slate of electors.  And in the text written by Plumer, that the voters can't even control who they're voting for!  Another claim in Plumer's article to back the last sentence up is:  "The House's selection can hadly be expected to reflect the will of the people."  That is just ludicrous!  Also, voters quite frequently "get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidates."

That just goes to show one of the extreme amount of problems that the electoral college system has.  As stated in Plumer's passage, one of the biggest problems the electoral college system has is that "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct electioin to the kind we have now."  But, no one can expect them to listen because, you can clearly tell from their system that they don't care about the common voters opinion, but the direct election system does.  In Plumer's article, he loosely states that another thing that can go wrong with the system we have now is the state can possibly cheat and send two slates of electors to Congress.  It has happened before so who says it can't happen again?  "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote."(John Plumer) Having a tie is just another terrible flaw in the awful electoral college system that the United States runs today.

Most voters can't even have a say in the election if we don't stop running the electoral college system.  But, if the U.S. finally smartens up and changes, the presidential election would have much fewer problems and it would put more power in the hands of the people like a democracy should be.     