Dear The Florida State Senator,

In our nation, we use a process called the Electoral College to be a deciding factor in presidential elections. I firmly belive this system has become outdated as our country has grown. This nation says it is all about the people and what's best for us; it even says so in the U.S. Constitution, "We the people.." And what the people want, and need, is a fair presidential election, which can be established by making the popular vote the deciding factor.

When you think of any differentiation between two groups even back when you were a young child, how did you solve it? You vote. For example, say you and a group of friends are undecided on whether you want to go to the movies or the mall. So, you vote! Voting always has a fair outcome. It's simple. Whatever party has a higher number of votes wins and in this case becomes president. I certainly respect the idea and goal of the Electoral College, but it simply isn't quite effective. It does not make sense why we would get someone to be elected by people who have similar attributes to go represent them and vote for the presdent. It isn't very effective being that the voted Electoral College member could change their mind and vote for whomever they want instead of the candidate the people thought he/she was going to be voting for.

Think about this. Does it make sense that "We the people" voted for one candidate to win, but he still loses the presidency because the Electoral College overturned it? No, it does not. This is exactly what happened in Al Gore's place according to Bradford Plumer's book, "

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses are wrong

." Also, according to the previous cited book, due to the mishaps in Al Gore's case and others, "over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have know." And similar to what was stated in the first paragraph, voters can't always control whom their electors vote for and sometimes vote for the wrong elector. All of this confusion could easily be eliminated if we eliminated the Electoral College.

Direct voting is way easier and way more accurate to whom the nation wants to be the president. It eliminates the confusion some voters may get if they are unsure which elector feels similar to how they feel about each candidate. It eliminates the hastle of electing electors in the first place. It eliminates the uncertainty voters have about each electoral candidate, being that they could change their mind whenever they please. And best of all, it eliminates the unfair, irrationality of the Electoral College.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME           