When I

came to United States I had to learn English to become a psychologist. I went to school to learn and adapt to new place. I thought that no one couldn't help me. Until, school gave a solution that help me and motivate to achieve my goals. I'm proud of learning by summer projects made as student-designed. Therefore, summer projects should be student-designed because help students to build knowledge, experience, and relationships.

First, the summer projects should be student-designed because it will help increase students' knowledge. Also, creates an environment to help students build strategies that improve their achievements. Complete projects during summer will prepare them to learn quickly a subject. For example,

Generic_Name and Generic_Name improved a lot during vacations. They enjoyed learning through the methods both adapt. An example, both felt insecure with the teachers methods to teach. So, both adapted a method step by step to learn the subject. Generic_Name learned to listen and communicate her ideas through the projects as a student-designed. Meanwhile, Generic_Name developed patience and strategies to solve his problems in math. Generic_Name and Generic_Name improved in science and math. Although, Generic_Name and Generic_Name believed that summer projects weren't helping enough. Their knowledge increased a lot by the summer projects that both complete. In addition, project made as student-designed improve and build greater coefficient intellectual.

Next, complete summer projects by student-designed will create a bond with the students's experiences. For instance, the experiences that I helped me learn English. I developed a purpose to learn a new language through the situations that I live. I came to United States without any knowledge of English. I felt lonely and mad because I made many mistakes in my classes. My English skills didn't help me enough to comprehend any of my subjects. Then, the experiences that I lived in schools became a motivation. I feel secure about myself and the skills that I builded through summer projects made to student-designed. Another reason, each summer project made as student-designed are based in their experiences. Some students may need methods to concentrate as their classmates.

Finally, students-designed to learn subjects and build relationships through activities. The summer projects that are student-designed will improve strategies and build relationship between classmates and teachers. For example, my sister Generic_Name preferred to work alone than as a group with her classmates. Despite, her grades decreased and make her feel pessimistic her teacher gave her a solution. The solution was to learn as group with her classmates. Generic_Name accepted her teacher's solution to increase her grades. The summer projects that were student-designed help her build relationships with her classmates and increase her grades. Furthermore, I'm sure that summer project that made as student-designed help many people to build relationships with anyone in the same situation.

In conclusion, summer projects should be students-designed because of the huge opportunities to help us as students to improve our motivation to learn. The chances to learn during vacation will make us feel prepare to comeback to school.

A way to help students to learn and believe in their capacity to become the future of the country. People that believe in the students to achieve their goals. Despite, the numerous mistake we made to achieve our goals are the motivation become an excellent student. So, I motivate you to believe that summer projects should be student-designed.           