The Facial Action Coding System (FACS) technology created by Dr. Huang is revolutionary in its ability to understand human emotion. It uses anatomical science to read and identify the emotions portrayed on the face of its subject. This technology can be beneficial in many different aspects of human life and society. Although some would argue that facial recognition software is not beneficial in a classroom, the use of the Facial Action Coding System is incredibly valuable by helping the student's learning and understanding, better replicating human teachers, and allowing the student to express feeling even in online learning.

Technology has always been used to improve the education of students. Using the Facial Action Coding System could help many student's ability to understand the idea being taught. For instance, the text states that the program would be able to identify when a student is confused or even bored. The program could then change the lesson in order to further help the student's understanding of the subject being taught. The technology would be incredibly beneficial in this way.

The Facial Action Coding System could also help online instruction by allowing computers to better replicate human instructors. If the computer were able to know when a student was having trouble with a subject, it could offer more assistance with the student's learning, similarly to a human teacher. The lessons after this could also be affected in order to help the student's learning based on what the student was having trouble with previously. Online learning would become much more intuitive with FACS.

The Facial Action Coding System could also allow the student to better express themself during learning. In a setting where it is often difficult to convey complex messages quickly, the FACS could help a student immediately alert the program that they did not understand the taught material. This could be helpful to many students of online learning.

While the Facial Action Coding System is not being utilized yet, one day, it could be used to better the education of students. In doing this, many students would have greater opportunity in their futures. The Facial Action Coding System could revoluionize the education of students.