Driverless cars are a smart idea in my opinion. There are multiple benefits of having a driverless car, and even though there are disadvantages as well, the pros out weigh the cons in this case. The inventors of these types are cars are extremely bright people and know what they are doing. There have been studies shown how beneficial driverless cars can be and I agree with them.

The next new thing in technology car wise would be a driverless car. Sebastian Thrun said that it would not have been possible to make something this interesting before 2000 because we did not possess the equipment and tools we needed to accomplish much. However, as time has gone on and technology has become better, we are able to make driverless cars now. The people that are working on the driverless cars are making them as safe as possible. The cars contain many sensors to warn the driver when assistance is needed. For example, in the passage it says, that the drivers seat will vibrate in case the vehicle may back over something. There are also flashing lights on the windshield as a warning sign. The inventors have also created cameras to make sure the car can watch the driver to be sure they are alert. A driverless car would be an amazing accomplishment but as of right now the car cannot do everything by itself. The drivers would still need to pay attention and be ready to take the wheel at any moment. Since the driverless car is still a work in progress, it cannot drive through construction or accident cites easily. The inventors of the car are making it safe with all the sensors and warning signals needed, but sometimes that is not enough, accidents still could occur. If an accident were to occur I do not believe that the manufacturers should be blamed. They have made the car the best they can and would not allow people to drive it without warning them about how the car works. In my opinion it would most likely be the drivers fault for not paying attention or neglecting the warnings of the car. A driverless car will be a fantastic accomplishment to be made. However, we as the potential drivers have to take caution and understand completely how to handle the car.

I know that someday there will be driverless cars that can travel through accident and construction cites without any help. However, until then we must work with what we have and try our best not to jeopardize the chances of building an actual driverless car. We as drivers can accomplish this by being alert when riding in a driverless car and being understanding if an accident were to occur. 