People are debating whether if drivers should or should not use cell phones while operating a vehicle. Some people think that using a cell phone while operating a vehicle should be allowed because they try multi-tasking and have important calls while some are addicted and can't stay off their phone. Other people says that you shouldn't be able to be on your cell phone while operating a vehicle because the cell phone can cause accidents while driving. I also think that you shouldn't use your phone while operating a vehicle because it can cause vehicle collisions, slow reaction time, and fatal injuries. Therefore, driving can cause many accidents that can be fatal to the driver and passengers if there is any and cell phones should only be used when not operating a vehicle.

The first reason why the use of cell phones shouldn't be allowed while operating a vehicle because there are high chances of vehicle collisions happening. Most vehicle collisions happen when the driver is texting or under the influence of alcohol. When people who drives while texting spend more time looking at their phone than the road causing poor car-following ability and lateral lane control. While under the influence of alcohol it can cause you to lose concentration and it can also hinder your ability to make rational decisions.

As stated before, these are some examples of what can cause vehicle collisions.

The second reason why you shouldn't operate a cell phone while driving because of slow reaction time.

Reaction time is the measure of how quickly an organism can respond to a particular stimulus. When your spending time at your phone and finally look up to see you're about to get into an accident it would already be too late. Reaction times with no activity were between one and two seconds. Reaction times while using a cellphone were at least three to four seconds. On top of that, drivers were more likely to miss the flashing light altogether when using a cellphone. Cellphones effects the nervous system when a person is driving.

The last reason you shouldn't drive while using a cellphone because it can cause fatal injuries that might have long-term or short-term affects. The affects can be physical, emotional, or psychological. One of the most common physical effect is whiplash. Whiplash is caused by a sudden movement of the neck. Whiplash is usually caused by rear end automobile collisions. One emotional effect can be anxiety which can cause difficulties in certain situations involving driving. The last effect is psychological which can cause PTSD. Most car accidents are the results of PTSD but can also be caused by any traumatic experience. PTSD can affect a person's ability to function normally.

People who goes through this will sometimes show a wide range of symptoms including anger, fear, shock, nervousness and feeling of mistrust or guilt.

In conclusion, people shouldn't use cellphones while operating a vehicle. IF they do it can cause life changing accidents and other serious problems in life. Also, it can hurt some people financially causing them to pay for these uneventful occurrences. Some things people can do to prevent is to turn their phone off or put it on "Do Not Disturb" mode to prevent any accidents. They can also deal with that they have to do on the phone before starting the car and driving. One more solution is that they can have the passenger relay a message for you using your phone, so you won't be distracted or tempted to pick up the phone.      