There will most likely be a future without the transportation system that we know today. Driverless cars will probably be used in place of both public transportation and personal transportation. The problem is, driverless cars might not be the best thing for us. Driverless cars should not be developed because they aren't completely driverless, they are inconvenient, and they aren't safe.

The first major problem with driverless cars is that they aren't completely driverless. This can be seen in paragraph 2 of the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" when the author writes, "...Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over." And in paragraph 7, the author states, "In fact, none of the cars developed are completely driverless." This shows that there are still things that the driverless cars cannot accomplish and the use of a human driver is completely neccecary.

Another issue with the driverless car is that they are expensive and inconvenient. The cars require a bunch of sensors and electronic tools that will raise the cost of cars. In paragraph 4, the author says,

"For starters, they need a whole lot of sensors. Google's modified Toyota Prius uses position-estimating sensors on the left rear wheel, a rotating sensor on the roof, a video camera mounted near the rearview mirror, four automotive radar sensors, a GPS reviever, and and inertial motion sensor." That is a decent amount of tools that will need to be added to a car, not including what is needed to make the car drive. Also, because the cars aren't completely driverless, drivers will have to keep hold of the wheel. This is seen in paragraph 7 when it says, "...special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." This is inconvenient because even though the car is driving itself, drivers still have to be alert and be ready as if they are driving the car. This will caus drivers to get bored waiting to see if they will have to drive. In paragraph 8, Dr. Werner Huber states, "The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge." This reveals that it is inconvenient to have the car driving while the driver is waiting in case she has to drive. Another inconvenience is that in some of the cars, they can only handle really slow speeds. Paragraph 7 states, "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph." This is inconvenient because most of the time cars drive at speeds faster than 25 miles per hour, and the feature of the driverless car will not be used very often. Because of all of the equipment required to make a driverless car run, and how little the feature will be used, driverless cars will be inconvenient and aren't worth being developed.

Most importantly, driverless cars aren't safe. In most states, driverless cars are illegal because lawmakers are concerned about their safety. This can be seen in paragraph 9 when the author states, "In most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars." This reveals that states don't even think it is safe to test the cars, much less use the cars on the road. Even manufacturers acknowledge that there are many issues with these cars. Paragraph 10 states, "Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved." This shows that the automakers see the problems but are just assuming that they will go away. The reader can imply that the safety is being ignored because they are just assuming the problems will go away.

Although driverless cars are perdicted to be the mode of transportation, because of the fact that driverless cars aren't completely driverless, they are inconvenient, and they aren't safe, driverless cars should not be deveoped.