The Electoral College is not fair and should be abolished. Did you know that 60 percent of voters would prefer a more direct way to vote then what we have now. That is a lot of people who just want a more trustworthy and direct voting process. The Electoral College should be abolished because you can't trust the people you elect, and many states do not even see any electors at all.

Having your trust in people who you only see campaigns for on television is pretty hard to do. Honestly that is quite ridiculous for them to ask of us. In source 2, paragraph 11, Plumer tells us about how sometimes "faithless" electors disregard their party's candidate and vote for whomever they please.  So is it really worth going through the trouble of electing poeple who might not even do as they said they would. Posner on the other hand explains that the trust in the elector is rarely betrayed (source 3, paragraph 16). But is it really worth risking four, maybe eight years of our lives to trust poeple we really do not know. Not to mention how it could affect our jobs and lives at home if this does happen.

Did you know seventeen states didn't see any candidates at all in the 2000 campaign. In source 2, paragraoh 13, Plumer talks about how candidates do not visit states they know the can't win or states that they know they will definintly win. This leaves many states who do not get to see any candidates at all. This makes those states feel like their votes do not count and worry if they their new president willl have any regards for their interest. In source 3, paragraph 19, Posner says that this is a good thing that candidates do not visit states they know the can't win or states that they know they will definintly win because then that candidate can focus on the states that may be undecided or swing states. He believes this is a good thing because a candidate with appeal in only a few states is unlikely to be a good president. But you are leaving out a big proportion of the United States population who would love the expiernce of hearing a cadidate give a passionate speech about why he\she should be elected.

We can come to the conclusion that the Electoral College should be abolished because you really can't trust the people you elect, and many states do not even see any electors at all, which then makes them feel worthless. Furthermore, we can say that the new way to elect the president should be more direct and fair.            