Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I am writing to you regarding your reconsideration to our school cell phone policy. As an eighth grader I feel that you should allow us to bring our phones to school and allow us to use them during lunch and other free times as long as phones are turned off during class time.

An average teenager in modern society has their phone with them 24/7 , you would think it wouldn't kill us to leave phone for 8 hours out of the day right? Wrong, it kills me a little inside every time I have to leave my phone anywhere. And when I'm not with my phone , I'm thinking about it. I think about all the missed texts and calls that I have which doesn't help me focus in class. I would rather have it by my side, off in class than in my locker or at home by itself for eight hours while I'm at school.

Another reason you should consider this policy is because there is almost no negatives. Any student with the ability to use their phone between classes or during lunch would be happy to turn it off during class. If you make us leave it in our lockers or at home, there is a more than likely chance that you can find a student texting on the low tip during class. The sneaky student texting during class will not only provide a distraction for himself but for those surrounding him also. His or her peers in surrounding desks will probably notice him and get excited like little middle schoolers do, they might even follow his example which would not be beneficial by any means.

Last but not least this will make students feel more comfortable in school. For us leaving our phone at home or in our lockers is the equivalent to a pet lover leaving her dog at the pound. If we were to have our phones it would kind of make us feel a bit more excited with going to school every morning. Especially if you have friends you would like to talk to outside of school. All we would have to do is wait until our lunch period and take out our handy dandy phones.

By changing the school policy on cell phone use could create a happier environment in our middle school, which I'm sure your goal and everyone else's. Allowing us to bring use our phones during free times and lunch periods would make many of us content with going to school more. I hope you consider my recommendation and thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME