We as Americans have the right to vote for who we want to be president.  American citizens should be able to vote directly for the president, not for a state of electors.  This is why we need to abolish the Electoral College.  It is unreasonable, unfair, and unreliable to the people.  In recent times, the Electoral College has been known to have made mistakes on purpose and on accedent.  The Electoral College system that they have going now is very unorganized and needs to be changed.  It is about time that we change the way our citizens vote for our president.  This is a huge deal to our country considering the fact that the president is one of the most important people in the country.  We as American citizens should be able to trust that our vote was for the candate they chose.

First of all, lets discuss the past issue that have happened withe Electoral College system.  The incident in 1960 with John F. Kennedy was a huge disaster.  As said in source 2 "...The Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy."  This is a perfect example of how the Electoral College is a misused way of voting.  They tried to basically sabatage Kennedy's election.  What about other problems that also occur with this system?  The voters can't always control who their electors vote for.  The confusion is a big key factor in the situations also.  voters can easily get confuse about the electors and they will accidently vote for the wrong candidate.

The peoples rights.  Dont they have a right of who becomes president?  They should.  The Electoral College is taking away from the excitement of getting to make a huge decision on who will run the country.  When a teenager finally becomes eightteen, what do you think is on their mind?  Freedom.  And part of getting their freedom is getting to vote for their country.  The people should have the right to vote for whoever they may choose and trust that it went for the person they chose and not to a state of electors to vote for them.  It's in the facts that more people prefer to have a direct election.  The people think that it is unfair to their rights and we all believe that it is not the best way to decide who runs our country.

Organization is a key factor in this country.  So why aren't we showing it?  The voting system that we use to this day is very unorganized and has many flaws.  The Electoral College is much to confusing of a system that we need to be using.  We need to change our system now while we can before we hit another mistake.  We need to take advantage of the freedom that we have in this country of ours and make a difference.  We can change this system so it is much easier and more reliable to vote from. The people want it, so it's about time that the government stands up and agrees with us on that point.  We can change our disorganization.

Our country needs to change to election by popular vote for the president of the United States.  I have discussed the problems our country has faced with Electoral College system, and hopefully it changes your view on what really is the right and better thing to do for our country.  Voting is a very big deal here in America and it is one of the ways it shows we have freedom.  The voting system would be much more organized if the system were changed to direct vote by the people.  That is the right way.  Its about time we change the system for the better.    