Working from home is a common career choice in this day and age. However, apart from being home schooled, students do not have the opportunity to work at home as some adults do. Some students that wish to follow the lifestyle of working from home do not have the resources available to be home schooled. This is why some schools offer distance learning, which consists of online and video conferences as an alternate to the classical learning setting. The distance learning program is beneficial to students because it allows students to set their own schedule, learn even when they are having health issues, and clarify lessons if they are confused.

First off, between working, busy social lives, sports, family, and school, some students find it hard to have enough hours in the day. Distance learning allows students to learn at their own pace, and to be able to set their own schedule. With distance learning, a student has the opportunity to work a morning or afternoon shift at a job, and can still have a full seven hour school day. In addition, students can plan their school schedules around their busy lives, and can get ahead or wait on an assignment depending on what is going on at the time. This decreases stress levels, which is a necessary focus for students' overall health and well being. Allowing students to work at their own pace and plan out their lives also develops necessary life skills, such as time management, which puts students ahead.

Secondly, students with chronic health issues and concerns that miss lots of school often get left behind because they are simply not able to come to school. Distance learning allows them to stay on top of their work, even on days they are not feeling well. Also, distance learning allows sick students to avoid coming to school without consequence to their education. This helps stop the spread of germs because often times students still come to school while sick out of fear of missing information. Mentally ill students feel less pressure to come to school, but still are able to do their work and get necessary information. This decreases stress levels and facilitates positive experiences with school. With the option for sick students to still receive work and learn, the pressure and dread of makeup work is less intimidating.

Finally, having a video of a lesson would allow a student to go back and re-watch material that they are confused by. By having a video of the instructional time, the student would be able to take notes in a stress-free environment where they have control over the tempo. This style of note-taking is well known and has been found to be beneficial in flipped-classroom styles, where students take notes at home and do activities in class. Furthermore, this would allow the student to hone in on what they are confused about, which would make explaining and learning properly much easier. Distance learning would allow students to teach themselves, which is an important skill in higher education. Letting students to be responsible for finding out what they are struggling with and giving them the tools to find out what they need to now would be incredibly beneficial to the education system.

Some may say that through the distance learning program, students are able to skip class with no consequence. This is not true because even while students are not attending school, they have to complete the assignments or notes given to them, and of course the teacher is capable of viewing what work has been completed. People also argue that students are distracted easily and are not able to retain information as well as in a classical learning setting; however this is not true. Students that are easily sidetracked at home are also easily distracted at school, however at school students that have this issue end up distracting other students. At home, they may have fewer distractions, and would not be able to interrupt and affect the learning quality of other students.

In conclusion, the distance learning program only positively impacts the educational experiences of students. This program teaches time management skills, and allows students to learn how to teach themselves. By allowing students to learn from home, ill students have no reason to come to school and endanger themselves or others. Allowing students to control the pace of their own lives builds comfort and confidence, as well as create positive habits for those that intend to work at home later in life. By allowing students to work from home, educators are setting students up for lifelong success.