Distance learning is very beneficial for a certain amount of students due to the fact that everyone learns differently. There are multiple reasons why a student could find distance learning more beneficial. Not every student can afford to spend money on gas for their vehicle or have enough money to even afford a vehicle. This is where distance learning comes into play, with our advances in technology we can now learn from the comfort of our own home without having to worry about the cons of going to a public school. The main reasons why distance learning is more beneficial is mostly because students tend to get picked on by other students for multiple reasons. Another reason why distance learning is very helpful is because students have their own schedule to work with. These are only some of the benefits, there are even more benefits that will change your mind about going to a public school ever again.

The way distance learning has also been known to help more students than public school is because of how easy it is to catch up when you are falling behind because the work will always be there prerecorded and ready to watch with ease. Distance learning can also help a student that has social anxiety because they won't have to socialize with other students. The students will also have time for their own personal things instead of using extra hours of their day listening to nonsense from public schools. A far more cautious and respective reason as to why distance learning is more beneficial is because there is a lower chance of getting sick because you wont be crowded around so many germs. Bullying is one of the main factors of going to a public school but with distance learning the student does not have to worry about being bothered by others. There is mostly nothing but more benefits in online school than there is in public school. Generally speaking, the possibilities to learning with distance learning are almost endless due to the fact that our technology advances everyday making our lives easier. One of the most important reasons why distance learning is far more superior to public school is because you block yourself out from bad influences and gang activity. Almost anyone has a working computer at home so why not give distance learning a try and see how it benefits you.

In conclusion, distance learning has nothing but benefits for the student such as the environment and scheduling. So why not give it a try? The benefits help out mentally and physically and doing work is easier without any distractions from bullies and drama. Especially with technology anything can be done virtually which makes life more convenient. Imagine having your own schedule and your own classroom right in your house. Just think about how easy it would be if everyone would just do distance learning, there would be less bad influences and less gang activity. Hopefully you make the right decision and choose what is best for you, with all of the reasoning and supportive detail to backup why distance learning is far more superior should make everyone think about trying distance learning.