Phones and Driving

Almost everyone in the world owns a cell phone of some kind. We use them to communicate with others, go on the internet, access social media, take photos, and more. We use our phones everyday, but should we be using them at all times? There are some occasions when phone use is unnecessary and potentially dangerous.

Using a cell phone when driving is something that shouldn't be done. Using your cell phone when driving could be potentially fatal. Being on your cell phone when driving is distracting. While you're paying attention to your phone screen, you could miss a lot. You could miss a stop sign or even a person crossing the street and end up hitting someone/something. Paying attention to the road is more important than checking whatever is on your phone.

There have been many studies to show that cell phone use while driving is dangerous. For example, the National Safety Council stated that 1.2 million car crashes in 2013 involved drivers talking on the phone, and at least 341,000 involved text messaging. That is a lot of accidents that could have been avoided if people would have put their phones aside and paid attention to the road. Checking your messages and social media accounts is not as important as your life. When using your phone, even if you think you're a pro at using it when driving, you are still putting your life and others lives at risk.

When driving you should only be focused on the road. Looking at your phone for even a second is potentially dangerous. If you need to look at your phone that badly, then you should pull over or wait until you are at a stop sign/light. If you need to check your phone on the road for whatever reason, do it in a manner that won't be potentially harmful to yourself or others. The best way to ensure you won't get distracted by your cell phone is to put it on do not disturb. Do not disturb stops all phone calls, messages, and notifications from all apps. It takes away some of the distractions and makes you less tempted to look at your cell phone when you should be focused on the road.

In conclusion, cell phone use when driving should be prohibited. You should not use your cell phone when driving under any circumstance. Cell phone use when driving is a huge distraction and could put you in potentially fatal situations. Avoiding cell phone use when driving is the best thing to do. When you're driving, your main focus should be on the road. Your safety should matter more than whatever message, call, or notification you get on your phone.   