As of recently, the discussion as to whether schools should offer distance learning has come to light. Distance learning provides students with access to classes in a home setting. These classes are to be taken virtually with online and video conferencing. Although it is almost certain that this idea was proposed with good intention, the red flags that come with it are far too many to ignore. Students would not benefit from attending class at home because they would not have a concrete form of direct guidance, there wouldn't be a rigid structure of routine in their learning experiences, and students would undergo a significant lack of human interaction in their everyday lives.

Firstly, if distance learning was to take place, students would not have a concrete form of direct guidance to assist them throughout their school curriculum. The main reason that school is made mandatory for all minors, is to ensure that all children receive the proper education that they deserve. Enrollment in a distance learning course would remove the aspect of having a teacher in front of a student. It is important for students to be able to make eye contact with a teacher when learning, as it improves attention span and listening skills. A computed teacher cannot compare to a physical teacher's ability to respond and answer specific questions simultaneously. It is impossible to achieve the same dynamic of instruction and comprehension when learning virtually. When comparing distance learning students and in-school learning students, the in-school students are definitely reaping the most benefits.

Secondly, if students were to attend classes at home, there wouldn't be the same rigid structure in their learning experience. When students go to school they fall into a routine: waking up at the same time, attending classes in the same order, and eating lunch with the same people. Having class at home doesn't consist of any routine or structure because there isn't anything or anyone there to be held accountable by. At school, there is the bell or the possibility of receiving a "tardy" in a class that keeps students accountable to sticking to routine. In a home setting, there is nothing that would motivate the student to continue to pursue their education. Furthermore, in cases where distance learning has been tested out before, results show that students tend to fall behind on assignments and assessments. The reasoning for this being that the lack of structure in their everyday learning becomes detrimental to the student's chances of success in the class. Distance learning students would not benefit from attending class from home because the lack of structure and routine in their day is enough damage done.

Lastly, students would undergo a significant decrease in amount of human interaction in their everyday lives. One could argue that human interaction isn't necessary to a student's learning process. They may even bring up homeschooling as a comparison. However, homeschooling is the perfect example of how important being around other people is to one's mental development as a whole. Statistics show that 45% of home-schooled children struggle in social capacities after leaving their childhood home. Putting students in online courses is essentially confirming their fate to social incapability. Knowing how to properly communicate with others is one of the most important lessons taught in schools. Without interaction from their peers, distance learning students will end up conflicted in instances like work scenarios in the very near future. This is a problem that can be avoided with the simple elimination of all suggestions leaning towards virtual learning.

In conclusion, the topic of distance learning is controversial. However, the cons outweigh the pros by a vast magnitude. The decisions that must be made my school officials and superintendents should not be taken lightly, as the future of these students are in their hands. Students would not benefit from attending class at home because they would not have a concrete form of direct guidance, there wouldn't be a rigid structure of routine in their learning experiences, and students would undergo a significant lack of human interaction in their everyday lives.