Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Many would argue online school or video conferencing would not be beneficial because their social skills may be declining due to not being with other students as much, however online school or video conferencing would be very beneficial because home is a quiet, comfortable space for students, obstacles for attending a school building would not effect online school such as traveling or sickness, and finally some students are victims of bullying that takes place.

All school buildings start school in the early morning and dismissal is in the late afternoon, and waking up can be difficult for many students, teenagers especially. Getting enough sleep is vital especially for growing young adults, and if students attended online school waking up would not be an obstacle they would have to face every morning. At home, students feel more comfortable because of the environment they have grown up in. Not only is being at home more comfortable for the student, typically these students guardians attend work therefore when they leave home, the student is left with a quiet place to do their school work properly. Of course a couple more factors play into the burning question; Why is online school and video conferencing exceptionally more beneficial than attending an actual school building for education?

Parents and guardians of students have jobs for a source of income to support their family. Some jobs require lots of traveling whether it might be across the world or a different state. Some families do not have the option to leave children at home while they travel, meaning the students would travel with them. The job does not wait for when the employee is ready, but only when the boss is ready. By saying this, a good percentage of students cannot make it to school due to family issues. When traveling, taking the device students use to complete school work with would help with getting work done on time. On the other hand if they attended school, students would have to learn all the material, get make-up work, and in general be behind all the other students that made it to class on time. Being behind would only cause major stress for the student. But family issues is not all; Sickness is a large factor in why online school and video conferencing is more beneficial too. Some teenagers happen to have a low immune systems, therefore they get sick many times throughout the year. Online school or video conferencing is an easy solution to this problem. If the child is sick and is participating in online/video conferencing school they would have all materials to catch up on their own with already with them.

Last but not least component is bullying. Bullying has been a very difficult problem for as long as people can remember. Sadly, a handful of students that attend a school building are victim to bullies. Bullies are made because some kids do not have a safe home to go to after school or they are starving and have no where to obtain food from. These students have anger and hate built up inside of them and devastatingly take it out on their own classmates and teammates. However, because online/video conferencing school is completed at home, there would be no worry of bullies. Students of online schools would not have to doubt for a second that they will get made fun of for what they wear or how they act. This would take a burden of stress that students should not have to have off of many of their shoulders.

Online school or video conferencing would be very beneficial because home is a quiet, comfortable space for students, obstacles for attending a school building would not effect online school such as traveling or sickness, and finally some students are victims of bullying that goes on. While ignoring the reasons above, there is still a variety of factors that play in why online school is more beneficial than attending a school facility. After reading this, show your parents or guardians would love and support you! Maybe they would ponder that online school might be a better route of success for you!