The author supports further Venus expiditions because of the insight we would gain from it. However, the author seems to forget that these kind of enviromental hurdels take time and money to jump over. A mechanical computer would have slow the process of gathering intel from Venus's surface. Even though silicon carbide electronics sound more appeasing because they last longer, it costs money to buy the materials and build these devices. Rocket fuel is also a bit pricey as it has to have enough fuel to launch and leave orbit and direct itself to Venus. The engineers and scientists have to be paid as well. The author doesn't have an explaination as to where all the money would come from. Venus will chew through the devices and even people we send there.

The idea of sending humans to Venus sounds dangerous, especially since Venus is a hostile enviroment. Venus has a ground temperature of more than 800 degrees Fahrenheit, as mentioned, that temperature will melt tin. If tin can't survive in that heat, so can't humans. The author brings up the idea of having the scientist float thirty miles or more above the surface. This idea seems legitiment except for one thing. Earlier in the article, the author mentioned that the clouds are made out of highly corrosive sulferic acid. The author does not mention how to overcome that obstacle. How are we supposed to explore Venus further if we can't get the money and we can't find a safe way for humans to explore it?

The author does not have many ways as to how to accomplish exploring Venus. Only radical concepts that would only work in a perfect world. They propose these ideas yet they won't elaborate further on them. Maybe this article was meant to inspire some one else to find out a way to explore Venus. However, The author has many ideas, they just need to exlain them. The idea of float in a zeppline above the surface, how do we do that? They need to go into detail as to how we accomplish these things. The author doesn't do a good job of supporting the study of Venus because they don't give an explaination to their ideas.