I believe the use of the technology to read students emotional expression is pretty suffisticated, but i dont think it is nessisary. in the article, humans can assume other people's emotions because we have the same emotions as everyone else. Us humans know what it looks like to be happy, suprised, angery, disgusted, scared, and sad because we all go threw it. I know that there is obviously more that only 6 emotions, Some people feel jellousy and some may feel uncomfortable, others may feel paine and some will feel stress. That is already 4 more emotions that we can calculate and a computer can't. Another thing that humans can callculate is sound. We can here if a person is crying, We can detect that they might be sad. If someone is yelling, we can detect that they are mad, or got hurt, they might even be excited depending on the tone of the voice. Those are a coupple of reasons why i think we dont reqlly need the technology of reading emotional expressions, maybe that is just a little extra.

I dont think we need to "calculate" the way people feel threw a computer. I wouldnt want everyone knowing how i feel at all moments. I'd like my privatcy! If i want to talk about how i feel to someone that i trust then i would but i know that i definitally would not like anyone and everyone being able to know my emotion whenever theyd like. Just knowing that this could be possible... gives me chills. This should not be used on everyone, especally if they dont feel comfortable about it.

I understand that the machines can modify lessons like an effective human instructor or it can make computer-animated faces more expressive for video games or even video sergery which is pretty amazing. I do agree that the emotion analyzinig shouls be used for things like that. it helps out the way technolgy looks and aslo atrackts more people to it. "The facial expression for each emotion are universal"

that is something they have said while detecting the Mona Lisa.

Tecnologhy like a computer can obviously change the world wit5h people creating and discoveribg new idias to shar with everyone including the world.

I say we dont ditch the tecnology all together, but maybe just the parts that we can handle on our own like, detecting emotions on other people. Instead we can focus on comuincating. We can develope these skills to distinguish emotions instead of not gaining any knowledge and letting technology do all the work for us. Although this idea was fantastic and increadable, i dont think it is important for out needs.