Some schools assign projects to students for their summer so that they continue learning over break. These projects should be designed by the students because they would make it easier than their teacher would, they would make it more interesting for themselves, and they would be able to complete more projects faster.

The first reason students should design their summer projects is because they would make the project easier for themselves than their teacher would. Some may think that easier projects are bad but thats not the case, if the projects were easier for them then they would be more likely to complete it. The students wouldnt want to make a project thats hard for them to complete so they would make it easy while still making a good project. This is fair because they already have to do projects on there summer break so they might as well be easy.

The second reason students should design their own projects is because they would make the project more interesting for themselves if they were to design it. Students know what they are interested in; therefore, each project would be personalized. This is good because everyone's interests are different. If the students designed their projects with their own interests in mind they would also be more inclined to complete the project since it relates to them and its about what makes them happy.

The third and last reason that students should design their own summer projects is because if they did so, they would be able to complete more projects at a faster rate. If the student designed his or her own project, they would make it easier to complete for themselves and they would find it more interesting in turn being able to finish a project faster than if their teacher were to make it. If a student finished their projects faster than they could fit do more projects and learn more over summer; also, if they were to complete more projects over summer, they could do multiple different projects over multiple different topics therefore they would be able remembering more of what they learned the past year.

In conclusion, it would be better for students and their education if they were to design and create their own school summer projects. This would be better because the students would make them easier for themselves, they would make them more based off of their own interests, and they would be able to complete more projects over the span of their break. 