When people ask for advice they talk to more than one person. We do these things because we want to know what other think abour our idea. This also could help choose something. Some examples that people ask someones opinion on are clothes,shoes, and other things that people use. Most people commonly ask these questions to see what he or she thinks. Asking multiple people questions will help infulence what he or she might get. When I ask people for their opinons it is because it helps me what to do for the question that I asked.

Another thing that other people need advice on is how they look. This is another thing that people commonly ask. Most people ask this question because they are going somewhere fancy. Or they might have a job interview so they have to look nice so they can get the job. Thus is why they ask multiple people advice on how they look. Because they don't want to go to that special occasuion looking bad. Just like when my parents call me down stairs to ask me and my brother how they look. We etheir say yes they look good or we just say no you don't look good so they go take us up stairs to tell them which outfit looks good. So they don't go to that place looking bad.

A second thing that people ask advice on is how to do something. Such as how do you build something using only supplies in the forest. Or how to throw a football to your self so you practice on throwing the football to your self. These things people don't know how to do so they ask somebody to give them advice. So someone will ask multiple football players how to throw a football to your self. Then you will choose the best way to throw a football to your self.

My third and final thing that people would need advice on is how to survive middle school. This is something I'd ask a lot in fith grade. Because I was very scared to go to middle school and having to remeber your lock combination and this and that. But you can just ask someone how to survive middle school. So you could ask someone who has been to middle school. Or someone is still in middle school should ask a 8th grader. Because they been to middle school for three years. Thus you can ask them how to survive middle school. They would give you what place to go or how to find find a classroom things like that.

In conclusion you should always ask for peoples advice if you are not sure of something. Like if you need advice on how you look you can ask a friend or a family. Or if you need advice on how to do something you can ask multiple people who builds thngs on how to build something. Another thing you could ask someone is how to survive middle school such as a 8th grader. Or someone who has been to 8th grade so you don't end up getting lsot in the middle school. Their are also many things that you could use mutliple people advice for not just those things.             