Do you ever wish you could stay in your warm, cozy bed to learn? Being in the comfort of my own home would definitely make me want to learn more. Most of the time I do not want to deal with the people at school and it even stresses me out. That stress interferes with my learning abilities; therefore, learning at home would be the best choice for me. Although many people say distance learning for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferences is not beneficial, in reality learning from home is more beneficial because you are in the comfort of your own home, there are no distractions, and if you are absent, it is easier to get caught up.

There are many different factors on why learning from home is beneficial, for example, being in the comfort of your own home. I know many students who accumulate stress when interacting with people at school and would rather learn from home where they are most comfortable. Most of the time when I am at school, many different things stress me out. For example, I hardly ever raise my hand to answer a question because I have that fear of what if I get it wrong

, then the whole class will laugh. If I was at home, where I am the most comfortable, I would not have that problem and there would not be other students that can judge me.

Another benefit by learning from home is that there are no distractions. There are probably hundred of distractions in a classroom, not even including the thousand distractions throughout the whole school. The distractions that distract me at school include: other students talking, someone making a funny noise and the whole class being off task, and now I even fear of a school shooter. A method that helps me is going into a smaller class for my Study Hall. I go into a smaller classroom, called Math Lab, to work on my math homework and ask questions. Sometimes I do not have math homework, but I still go because the smaller, more quiet environment is beneficial when getting work done. Math Lab is like my home and it benefits me because of the one on one helping and the little to no distractions in the room. When thinking about all these distractions puts a stop on your learning; however, when you are at home there are definitely less distractions and you feel safe.

Lastly, if you are absent a lot of the time, it is easier to get caught up and you do not have to worry about being behind. I know that in high school probably 75% of students are student athletes. This includes them going out of town to play their sport and them having to miss a couple days of school. That has been my life for the past 12 years because of my competitive cheer I do outside of school. When you are a competitive cheerleader you are required to compete at all the competitions, including the ones out of state. When I go out of state for a competition, I always have to miss at least two days of school. In high school there is not one day you do not learn something new, so missing two days is a big deal and puts me behind. By learning online I would not have that problem because when I am out of state I can still learn from the hotel and never be behind on learning.

Others might say learning from home is not beneficial because physical human interaction with different teachers and students help a child learn more. That is not the case because in high school you strictly only learn. You walk into the classroom to sit down and not talk for 90 minutes. You hardly ever interact with the students around you because you are forced to learn. If you were learning from home that is exactly how it would be, but better because of the beneficial factors. The only difference is that there is a one centimeter screen between the teacher and student.

Would you rather be comfortable when learning with no distractions, stress, and fears? Well that is how learning from home by way of online or video conference would be like. Different factors from being at school pours into your learning abilities. You first start out your day with the struggle to wake up and leave the house because you are dreading to go to school. Then, when you get to school you have to sit in a hard, plastic chair for 90 minutes, while being distracted by your fellow classmates. Already half way through class you have the fear of missing an important part of the lesson because of all the distractions. Now, you have built up stress and there is no way of learning when you constantly have stress. Imagine having stress seven hours a day, five times a week for the nine months you are in school. Are you even comprehending anything you have learned throughout the school year then? Therefore, learning from home is the best route to go and will save many students from over thinking and accumulating stress. 