Do you like helping people while having fun? If you do then I've just the right job for you. This wonderful job is called the UNRRA. There are many reasons why you should join the UNRRA to be a seagoing Cowboys. Some in which include trips, hanging out, ETC. Today we are going to be going over or covering if you will some of the reasons that you should join the seagoing cowboys in the UNRRA.

First of all many people say that you whould nothing out of this organization, but you really get a lot of things out of this organization. One reason you should join the seagoing cowboys is you get many trips around the world. For example, in " A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves" Luke said that he got to go all around the world like: China, Europe, Greece, ETC. You actuall get to go all over the world.

Second is that you get to hang out with people you might not know, and who knows you might make a friend, meet your new best friend or even find that perfect someone for you. If you do meet someone then you would be able to hang out a lot. You could have your first date with that perfect someone in a different contry. How cool whould that be! If you don't believe me you can go back to thee text and look in paragraph 5. If I recall it says that he was able to go see many touring spots, and had a lot more free time then you think.

Speaking of touring that brings me to my next point you are able to go sight seeing and touring. You can go to many places in China and Europe. For example, If you are in Europe and you are close or near Italy you can go and see the leaning tower of piza. For lunch you can go and get some delisous Italian pizza. Now to me that sounds like the perfect day.

Others might argue by saying that all of this is too expensive and it cost a lot of money. What the people that say this don't see is that the organization pays for most of the cost. Sometimes I bet you that the people that go on this trip don't even spend a dime or a penny.

In coclusion as you can see by all of the evidence I have showed that there is no doubt in the world that you should not join this organization UNRRA to become a seagoing cowboy. To me all of this kind of sounds fun like a vacation. It doesn't sound like a job at all it sounds refreshing to be able to be at work while doing soomething that seems like fun and a vacation. In conclusion judging by everything I have stated I think that you should join the seagoing cowboys. I know that I will join the seagoing cowboys, will you join?      