Dear Principal,

I believe that all students should be required to perform community service. Why? Well, when you perform community service, many things may come out of your experience. Community service should be required because: 1) it's not a hard thing to do, 2) they get a good feeling out of knowing that they helped, and 3) it is their community.

Nowadays, teens are so busy, whether it's because of sports or plans with friends, they don't realize that the world is in such bad condition. Community service can be taken as a waste of time or an activity that's not so hard to do. Whether it's cleaning up the local park or participating in a town activity, they can find the time to do it. Think of when they have nothing to do, instead of playing video games or watching television, they could be doing something that will be benefiting them now and later on.

Community service is a great way of giving back, and there are so many things that they can do to help. They can participate in a blood drive, do a town wide cleanup, or help collect money to donate to their town's charities. But after all the work is done, they get the best feeling knowing that they have helped. Most teens my age are very self-centered. They go to the mall and think that community work is just done for them. But, if you require for them to do community service, you could be helping them realize it's not all about them and giving back is something great and they should be doing it more often.

Students shouldn't feel like they have to help out, they should feel obligated to. After all, it's their community. The idea that they have to help out because they are being forced to is not how they should feel. I think that by requiring that all the students participate in community service will help them realize that there's a lot of work to be done and the community can benefit from their help. It's their responsibility that the community they live in is in the best shape that i can be.

So, like I said; I believe that requiring that students perform community service is important because: 1) it's an easy thing to do, 2) they can get that proud feeling knowing that they've helped in some way, and 3) it's their community - they should feel obligated to help out. Please put this into consideration. Imagine who and what you'll help by pushing your students do better.

Sincerely,

Your student