Venus is a planet were scientis are explorig to see if they can create another Earth. Therefore they have than some experiments to see how long things can survive. There are many good reason why studing Venus is worthy. One of the reasons is because Venus is the closest planet to Earth, Venus still has some features that are alike to Earth, and solar power would be plentiful.

Venus is the closest planet to Earth,which can be an advanage because we could have a more population, and more place to travel and see different types of culture. In the text it says that "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size,and occasionally the closest in distance too" this maens that the other planets are further than Venus. In text it also says that "Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit". This is telling us that we have more option to visit.

The planet of Venus looks more alike to Earth than you think some scientist belive that Venus had larges amounts of water. The text satates that "Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth .This shows us that this is why scientist are exploring this specific planet, because it look very alike to Earth. in text it also says that "The planet (Vunus) has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. It shows us how similar this planets are.

Another adventage is that Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. Aaccording to the text it says that "Solar power would be plentiful, and radiatio would not exceed Earth levels" This could help by not using electronics or else the materials would melt.

One important fact is that no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours, but scientis are working hard they say that it won't be on easy conditions but it would be survival for humans. If there happens to be life in Venus the temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit.   