The Electoral College, to begin with, is the electoral voting of the President and Vice President. In the articles "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumer and "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner, both articles argue on the subject of if the Electoral College should be kept or if the election should be changed to popular vote.

Although it is true, according to the article by Richard A. Posner, that larger states get the majority of attention when it comes to votes, it is still possible that regardless that the legislatures choose the electors, the electors may "defy the will of the people", according to the article by Bradford Plumer. It is stated that electors have declined the voting of their party's candidate and went on to "vote for whomever they please. . . ."

Furthermore, in the article by Bradford Plumer, Plumer states, "the electoral college is unfair to voters." In other words, the popular vote basically gets no say in who they are choosing for presidential candidate, only who gets to choose the candidate. Even as stated in the opposing article by Richard A. Posner, Posner states, "the electoral will not win the national popular vote." This is stating that basically the popular vote is powerless in voting for a presidential candidate.

Moreover, Posner explains in his article, "The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast." However this has happened before where there has been more of a "tie," Plumer backs this up quoting that "In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote on the president." In short, if the Electoral College fails, they have Mommy and Daddy to back them up. In this case, the simpler route would be to have the election dependent upon popular vote.

In conclusion, it would appear as the electoral college is "unfair, outdated, and irrational." This goes to prove the electoral college has no place in deciding our votes for us.    