What would you do if you were confused? Sometimes, you are in a hard spot and you have no idea what to do. We have all been their. I think it would be best if you asked different people for their opinions. Seeking for multiple peoples' advice is a benefit because you'll hear different parts of the situation, you could hear form an expert, and you will be more of an extroverted person.

First, you will be able to hear many different sides of the story. This is amazing because you will hear from so many different peoples' opinions, if you have more opinions you will have a better understanding of the topic. Who does not want to hear from different peoples opinions? Also, it would be cool if we could hear different sides of the story. Those are my reasons why it's good to hear many different sides of the situation.

Next, you can hear form an expert. There are many type of experts, and I think that you could find an expert on your topic. Plus, when you hear from an expert you will be more informed and know a lot more than you did. With the expert you could list pros and cons. These people know a lot about the our situation and could help us a lot. Those are a few from many reason for it to be good when hear from an expert.

Lastly, you will more of an extroverted person. The main thing is that you are always socializing, so it will be a lot easier to talk to people. Which is so cool because if you are always asking people for their opinions you will not be afraid to ask people for help, that is something a lot of teens need to learn how to do. Who does not want to talk to other people? Something else is that you will become more of a nicer because you will be learning some social skills. This is the reason why you will become more of a extroverted person.

Asking multiple people for their advice is good because you will hear from different type of people, you can hear from an expert, and you will be a lot more sociable person. If you are ever lost, even just a little, I want you to ask someone for their opinion. It might be hard but it will be worth it. I promise. I would probably ask all my friends for their opinions.