Should summer projects be teacher-designed or student designed? Summer projects for students should be teacher-designed. If students designed their summer projects then they might not learn as much, but if a teacher designed it then they would probably learn more. Students should not design their summer projects, because their minds are not fully developed yet. Teachers have full grown minds, so they know what's in the best interest for their students.

Most teachers know what students should be focusing on, while in class. Teachers have specific lesson plans on what students need to be taught. Students learn specific things from teachers, so the summer project should be designed by a teacher. By the teacher designing the summer project, it ensures that the student is focusing on the right topic and is actually learning while completing it. If the students designed the summer project it would not be as intriguing, than if a teacher did it.

Students should not design the summer project because their minds aren't fully developed. Teachers have fully developed minds, so they know what's in the best interest for their students. Some students may not think that teachers know what they are talking about, but most of the time teachers are correct. For example, my ninth grade year I had a summer project based on books from a specific list my teacher gave me. I did not want to read any of the books, because they were all old and I did not think I was going to like them. My teacher and me had a discussion about the books and she told me I would like any of them, but I did not believe her. I ended up picking out a book from the list and I really enjoyed it.

Also, I believe if students got to design the summer project, then they would take to easy way out. Students probably would choose something easy to work on for the summer, and this would cause them not to learn anything. For example, most students don't work on their summer projects til the end of the summer and they don't learn anything by doing that, because they just rush to get it done. If a teacher deigned the summer project it would encourage students to do the project over a period of time and they would actually learn.

In conclusion, teachers should continue to design the summer projects for students. Teachers know what the students should be learning and their minds are more developed than the students. Students would also learn more with the teachers continuing to design their summer project. If students designed their own summer project, then it would not be as interesting than if a teacher did it.