You're living the high life. You have a Driverless Car. What could go wrong? A lot can go wrong. Technology is a grand thing, but it's also a power. If we let it keep accumulating like this we could be in big trouble. Power goes to peoples heads. It's in our nature. We can't let technology over rule us. We need to slow it down. What we have now is grand. What more needs to be done? We don't need to have driverless cars. Soon cars will be like human robots driving wherever they please.

In todays world we have a lot of advanced technology. You watch movies like Back to the Future and Jurassic World. We wonder when will we get that technology? Does it already exist just hidden under out noses? Who really knows. But the point is, is that if we let cars start driving themselves we could get laszy. That's not so good for our social status to the world. Most foreigners already assume we are fat and lazy and get everything handed to us. In some aspects this is true, but with driverless cars on the rise this could get worse.

There's also the fact that what would happen if the car didn't do what it was suppose to do; and it wrecked; and the owner; or a pedestrian got hurt.

This raises a lot of qestions and concerns. The main one would be who was at fault? In paragraph 9 it states that, "the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." This is good. Their are a lot of bad drivers in the worlds, but they know what to do in most cases. They know how to take control.

The practice of driveless cars are illegal in most states. Those states being California, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia. It's good that most states are thinking ahead. Why would something so fascinating and new be illegal to practice? They care about their people, and their safety.

In paragraph 7, it states that there are cars that are partially driverless. One being the 2013 BMW "Traffic Jam Assistant." This car is a smart car. It works with the owner not just by itself. The BMW can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but it notifies the owner when it needs human assitance. This is all wrong. Cars shouldn't be doing that. Cars are going to become more human than technology.

In a lot of cases it's okay to have advanced technology. But this is too much. We need to start thinking about what will happen instead of what we will gain out of it. Think of what would go wrong. As the world advances we need to rememeber who exactly is in charge. This is why if we leave technology to do our work, it won't even be us anymore. We will be living in technologies world; not the world we worked so hard to build. This is why we need not let driveless cars come in to existance.           