These article that are given to me have good reasons why we may not need cars as time passes by, and their advantages.

In the first article, it gives many reasons why some people in Germany dont need, or used cars. In the third paragraph, second sentence, a women states "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Meaning, that she probably had a lot of issues when she had a car, maybe it was engine problems, battery, or maybe the gas prices that they used to have, but now she can relaxe, not having to deal with any engine problems, battery problems, or the gas prices, now that she doesn't own a car. Now she probably just has a bike, and bike are really easy to fix, not like a car were you have to pay someone to fix it for you, also pay for items that the person fixing your car has used. Basically some people in Germany are trying to save money, and have found a way to do it.

Next, the second article and the third article, take on one of the most important thing, our planet. In the two article it gives alot of reasons why a car is banned from Paris and Bogota, Colombia, but the one that captures me the most would be on the paragraph 17, were it states "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals." Showing that Paris has noticed a problem and are actually doing something about it. They have banned cars to see if that is the actual problem, and they have found out that the cars are the problem. And they're answer to that problem is to set a fine to those people that had their cars with even numbered licence plates on Mondays and odd numbered licenced plates on the following day. Paris then got the results, if the cars were the problem, and yes it was, there was less smog, so they had decided to leave the fine. And in the third article, it shows that also Colombia is taking part of a smog free place. But they instead decide to ban cars and only give permission to buses and taxi drivers to drive. But they don't only give bus drivers and taxi drivers osmething to enjoy, the have also given their people ways to enjoy a place without cars. They have fixed their old, beat-up sidewalks and have put more bicycle trails for people that don't drive buses or taxis.

Last but not least, in the last article it shows that even a powerful and strong nation can also take part of helping the planet, by lowering its most known culture, driving. It might seem like America is taking a part of helping the planet, by lowering the number of cars, and drivers. The statement that captures my attention the most would be "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009." Meaning that a nation were young people would come to lead it in the future, some have decided to do it by hard work. Some would lead it by doign it in the hard, but basically simple way, driving.

In conclusion, those are my reasons to why limiting car usage have its advantages, by saving money, peoples lives, and our planet.    