If Generic_Name takes all of his classes at school, he very easily could get sick of it! Students like him wish that there is another way of learning. Many students do not enjoy spending all of their time during the day at school and would rather have the option to stay at home and learn. Despite the fact that people say students would not benefit from being able to take classes from home, the reality is that students would indefinitely benefit from being able to attend classes online and at home because students can relax while learning, have more free time, and can work at their own pace.

Above all, students benefit from being able to learn from home because they have the ability to relax while learning. If a student is relaxed, they will be in a better mood, which will cause them to learn more efficiently. Survey says that 89% of students would rather be relaxed while learning, instead of going to school, sit in a chair all day, and listen to their teacher speak. A high schooler's dream is to stay in bed all day and relax. If they have the ability to learn from home, a student's dream will come true.

Also of note, students benefit from being able to learn from home because they have more free time. Free time to students is extremely important. Free time can be spent with family, exercising, or even hanging out with friends, which are all very important activities for a high school student. If students were forced to sit in a classroom all day, there is no time to do those activities. Additionally, teachers give a lot of work to students and sometimes, there isn't any free time after school to even talk to their families! Students need free time to survive and having the ability learn from home is a perfect solution.

Furthermore, students benefit from being able to learn from home because they can work at their own pace. Teachers nowadays enjoy rushing through topics. Very often, students do not pick up on the topics because they get far behind, which causes them to stress. With online classes from home, students have the ability to work at their own pace which will not only reduce stress, but will greatly improve their learning.

Overall, students would indefinitely benefit from being able to attend classes online and at home because students can relax while learning, have more free time, and can work at their own pace. This affects almost everyone because students that have the ability to stay home are always happy. You know what they say, if a student is happy, everyone around them will be happy. Go ahead and shoot an email to your local principal to recommend the idea of giving students the ability to take classes from home because it will make you happy, and everyone else happy!