phones and driving

How many of you own a cell phone? And how many of you have used your cell phone while driving? The second we hear the ring of an incoming call or the beep of a text message, we instinctively reach for our phone to answer. But while driving, that may not be the wisest decision. For those of you that do not use your cell phone while driving, then I would like to thank you, because by resisting your phone, you could be saving a life. That is a powerful statement, but it is true.

Cell phone use while driving is dangerous. In Houston Texas, a father of five children veered of the road into the Green Bayou River. The father had his five children in the car when he veered off the road in the river. The reason for his reckless driving, he was distracted because he answered an incoming cell phone call. This tragic accident could've been prevented if the father had simply ignored his phone when it was ringing.

Accidents such as this are happening more frequently because people are talking and texting on their cell phones rather than paying attention to the road. To prevent our loved ones from becoming victims, like the five innocent children who lost their lives in Houston, we must support the banning of cell phone use in cars and make the choice to put down our own cell phones when we are driving. Better yet, let's turn them off when we get in the car and turn them back on when we arrive at our destination.

As you can see, driving while using a cell phone is unsafe and may result in serious and even deadly consequences. It is so dangerous that cell phone use in the car is compared to drunk driving or driving under the influence of drugs. If you think about it, in both situations the driver's awareness is altered. I am going to give you three reasons why cell phone use should be banned. The first reason why cell phone use should be banned is because it is very distracting. When we are talking on the phone or texting while driving, our attention is on our phone rather than the road. Secondly, this distraction had caused numerous car accidents that have resulted in deaths and seriously injured people. The third and final reason that cell phone use should be banned in cars is because cell phone users are reckless as drunk drivers. Since accidents are occurring more frequently, cell phone users are being compared to drunk drivers due to the recklessness of their driving and lack of awareness.         