The arrival of summer taste sweet on any students' tongue. Schools must release their iron grips and taper off, if even for a few weeks. Many students find freedom and enjoyment in summer, as they no longer must face the impending doom of long tests and piles of homework. However, many are not entirely care-free. As the happiness of summer brings along another monster to slay. The dreaded summer project. Which of course teachers hand out like candy. No summer can be completely enjoyed without the idea of that beast breathing down backs. These projects are typically entirely teacher made. Which might be the main source of major discomfort. As they are often not very enjoyable or attractive too students, as the low turn in rates suggest. But there is a very simple solution to this issue. To increase the intended effects of these projects, both teachers and students should in fact partake in designing them. Both students and teachers should design summer projects so that out of school learning may be done more efficiently, the production of a well-balanced assignment is produced, and the shut off between learner and teacher is minimized.

The main reason summer projects are distributed, is to make sure students continue to learn even after school doors have shut. This is to ensure all students are adequately prepared upon returning back to school. If these summer projects were both student and teacher produced, the effects of the intended material would have a greater impact on students. This is for a very simple reason. Learning is simply easier when the material is "interesting" yet "enforced". By getting input from students, the material in these projects will be relevant to the interests of these very students. Getting input from teachers will allow this material to be shaped into something that can be learned from. This learning may not have to feel like learning. Just like the assignments will not have to feel like work. The reasoning behind summer projects can be better executed if both students and teachers can create it. Learning can also be very objective. Giving students the ability to say what they learn best from can give teachers the opportunity to create assignments that produce the most benefit.

The education system is ever changing. Due to teacher, parental, and most importantly student input. If students and teachers both created summer projects, these projects as a whole would become more versatile and defined. Often times, summer projects lose the interest of students way to quickly. The projects are also very tedious for teachers to grade. They lack certain components that enable them to be defined as completely beneficial. Having mixed input would allow these assignments to grow themselves. Students are very good at providing insight for educational change. Teachers are good at responding to this input. So when put together, a healthy system is produced. Perhaps a certain book seems rather large or uninteresting, this is where student input comes in. Maybe students find their particular assignment confusing or disposable. Teacher input could help produce a more meaningful assignment. A well balanced project is one that effectively engages minds, while keeping its core aspects in tact. These summer projects are also responsible for introducing new course material. Students who have past taken the course can communicate with teachers who are currently teaching the course. To produce a task that may eliminate many of the bumps and ticks students encounter. Which would shorten material the teacher must review in class

Many of the conflicts that arise between teachers and students stem from a misunderstanding. As more times than not, the age gap between a teacher and their students is big. This age gap includes many important things that set a teacher apart from their class. Which can be very detrimental to the classroom environment. The views and ideals learners have, differ from that of a teacher. Allowing students and teachers to produce a summer project together might lesson this issue. Teachers will learn how their students learn. By getting direct feedback from students, teachers can help lesson the tension associated with summer projects. Students will develop a standard of work expectations they will be set to when attending their new classes. As well as getting a better feel of who their teacher is. It allows both teachers and students to be honest about what they hate and love. Developing a relationship before even entering school.

In conclusion, summer projects will never stop being handed out. The reasoning behind them is fair enough. But sometimes the execution can be quite sloppy. There is always room to grow. Both students and teachers have their own set of strengths and weaknesses. Its important to always acknowledge them. Summer projects created by both students and teachers allow for out of school learning to be more easily cemented in the students head, but also allowing for an enjoyable summer. The quality of these assignments will also prove to become more mature and real. Providing a more realistic standard of course quality. While at the same time increasing the understanding between adult and child. This is but a small improvement but will go a very long way. Giving way to a much better rounded education system. That not only values its student input, but considers its teachers input just as heavily. 