Should students participate in extracurricular activities? There are many diffrenet activities for students, not only sports, but clubs and many more. There is other to life then school and activities. Students should have the ability to choose what they want to do in the extra time they have. Schools already take half of the students time with going to school and homework .I disagree that students must have an extracurricular activity because they could learn a new language, do better in school, and spend time with family and friends.

First, students can learn another language besides their own. First, the language that they pick helps them with their applecation to colloge and in the real word. For example, it is more likely for a student that have two or three languages to be accepted in a colloge, unlike the student that only knows one. Second, students could communicate with others around the world. For example, if they learned Spanish, they can talk to others in Spain or around other that speak the same language. Third, they could be the only one that learned that language in your class or school. In conclusion, these were the advantges of learning a new language.

Second, teenagers that are struggling in school could take their time and have an advantage to be better in school. First, they could study for their coming exams and be able to focus on them. For example, students could make study groups or study buddies for studying better. Second, after school students can get extra help from their teachers. For example, they would only focus on the students weak part on the subject. Third, they could make up for the extra work they missed from their classes. For example, a student is sick or had a docters appointment they could make up that work at home after school. In conclusion, students would do better in school with the extra time they have.

Third, we need to spend time with family and friends. First, help your family with work around the house. For example, help your mom cook for dinner,or help your dad fix his computer,or help your siblings with homework. Second, you could hang out with your old friends. For example, go to mall,watch a movie ,or go to their house. Third, get to know eachother better. For example, play Never Have I Ever, Truth or Dare,and many more fun games you could play. In conclusion, spending more time with family and friends could grow you a stronger relashionship.

In conclusion, I disagree that students have to have an activity because students can learn a language, have better outcomes on their report cards, and have quality time with friends and family. These were some reasons to not have an extracurricular activity. The principal should not force any student that do not want to do an activity make them. Students must have their own right to do what the want. Go stop extracurriculars!