I agree that student's would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Some schools offer distance learning as an option from student's to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. At

Generic_School, a graph showed that on 100 students, there is a 10% that can't attend classes on school campus. Is a great opportunity, who will benefit the10% of students that can't attend a schools facilities. It is beneficial to military kids. Our student's that move around to much, and can't be enroll on a schools year. It also is beneficial to student's that have a disability and are not clubbable of attending schools.

The student benefit from being able to attend classes from home, is those that move around to much, for example; military kids. They can't attend just one school yearly. Also for student that parents job, is necessary moving around. Military kind's constantly are moving, and is not essay for them to attend classes on a schools facility. They don't stay on, a area for a long period of time. My dad work on a industrial company were he always has to be moving, I have lived in 10 different houses the past 3 years. We only live on a state for one year or less. When I stared 4th grade my dad made the decision to have, me home schools. It was to difficult for me to learn. Know That I'm on high schools. The school that I attend, doesn't have the option of distance learning for students to attend classes from home. It only offers some classes not all. I believed that schools that offer distance learning as a option for students is really beneficial for those that can't have there classes on school campus.

The second type of student that benefit from being able to attend classes from home, is students that has a disability and is not clubbable to attend classes on campus. Some schools don't have the right stuff. They don't have all the resources, that students with disability need. My best friend had a accident in Mexico, were she last her two legs. That were amputated. She is only clubbable of moving around on a weal chair, and always needs help on her daily activities. She can't attend schools because the school that she was suppose to attend, does not have all the resources for her to move around easily on the school. The school does not have stuff members to take care of students with the disabilities. The school principal and her parents made the decision, That it will be best for her, to be home schools, and take her classes from home. Another resent why she count attend her schools, was because it was not essay for her, to always depend on others. She was not mentally proper for the judgment. Personally I could feel the same way, because it not essay. From having a normal life. To have to depend on others all the time. this was passable because her schools offered distance learning was a option for student. Being able to attend classes from home, it benefits student with disability.

otherwise, people believe that. Schools that offer distance learning as an option. Is not beneficial and students don't benefit from being able to attend classes from home. However there is a high percent of schools that want to offer distance learning as an option for student. For students with disability, that can't attend schools. Because not all schools have special needs for students that have a disability. That is why some schools offer the option of distance learning for students to attend classes from home. I personal think that is a great option. All schools should offer classes, from home to students. With disability that are not clubbable of attending schools. Also for to military kids. Our student's that move around to much, and can't be enroll on a schools year. Classes from home are beneficial to students.

I personal agree that students benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Option that some schools offer students. To have classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. The proofs stared above show why I agree that students benefit from being able to attend classes from home. It is beneficial for military kids. Our student's that move around to much, and can't be enroll on a schools year. most Importantly is beneficial to student's that have a disability and are not clubbable of attending schools.    