Going to school is supposedto be a wondrful time of your life; a time where you should be basking in the glory of all your youth and making some mistakes along the way. There are those who join cheer leading, or football, or those who join multiple clubs because they simply just cannot stay with one. That is the American dream, to live the best years of your life, in high school. It seems like a great idea, something that everyone should have. Unfortunately, that isn't the case for everyone. While it might seem fun to have classes with your friends and join clubs, not everyone's school experience is what it should be. Everyone should be able to have equal learning opportunity and quality, even if they work from home.

Maintaining good grades can be a struggle for some students; there can be a million things school can do to blow your focus. We are taught at a young age that you should always strive to get the A, because that is considered a perfect score. For some people, achieving that "A" is no problem at all; with that they end up feeling confident and secure. For others, maintaining average grades can already be a struggle for them; and when they dont receive that perfect score that everyone is talking about, they become insecure. Without feeling that constant pressure to be perfect, surrounded by their peers; it gives those people more time to focus and do the absolute best that they can.

There is already a large amount of competition in schools, to join a sport or a robotics club or to be smart enough and qualify to get on the debate team. There are some people that could advocate that being in a school environment helps to push a student out of their comfort zone, and to try harder. Sometimes for those children, who have been suffering in silence, enough is enough.

Going to a new school can be tough on any kid. Going to a school you have been going to for a long time without really knowing anybody can have the same effect. Being lonely as a child in a place full of people who have the ability to be social and speak out, can give them some very unwanted feelings of anxiety. Many children to this date suffer from anxiety because the school environment just becomes too much for them. The pathway to attending a school where you feel anxious and lonely can pave the way to more serious mental health issues, such as depression. Having all of that effect the quality of the school work they are able to provide; it would be much better to have them learn and thrive in a place where they can feel comfortable, and safe. Safe from excessive worried thoughts and insecurities. A small price to pay, for the stability of a child's mental health.

Not everyone's home life is a picture perfect story, sometimes there can be more going on with someones life then you could possibly imagine. Teenagers who have a sick or single parent might drop everything to help with whatever they can. Going to school everyday, and caring for their parent will usually effect one of the quality of their work, making it that much more difficult to strive in school. Everything is not all black and white; there can be more to a persons story and how they cope and manage to find ways to still get what they need. It takes dedication and hard work to do what some kids couldn't. Living a stable life on a one paycheck or even two paycheck family can be difficult on children. Why put kids through more pressure than they already experience by having them work around a strict schedule?

Distance learning has become one of the best things to happen to schools, because it has provided security and reassurance to those who have more complicated lives then most. Who struggle mentally or physically. The benefits a working student could have from being able to complete their work right in the comfort of their own home. Not having to worry all day because you feel lonely and anxious can relax your mental state. There are students who thrive being in a school environment, who ace tests, have friends and join clubs. Its wonderful that that way of learning can benefit them. Its still important to remember, not everyone's school experience is the same, and not everyone benefits from the same things.           