I think that the face on Mars is fake because on the day of the original photo the wheather was foggy and the camera had to see through the fog, I also think it is fake because the face was aproxamently 2 miles long which is a verry big rock, the last reason I think it is fake is because the pictures taken were verry bad camera and on lt had a little amount of pixles.

The face on Mars is fake because on the day the face was first seen, outside was verry foggy.

This means that the cameras would have to see through haze.

However some still thought that the face was made by aliens, even though it was winter and in bad wheather.

Then later we took a picture of the face on a clear day and didnt see a face.

This makes me think that there has never been a face on Mars

Another reason that I think that the face on Mars is fake is because the statue was to be aproxamently two miles long and maybe even longer.

This makes it seen unreasonably tall.

If the face were to be two miles tall then that would mean that many of the other rocks would be smaller, but they are not actually the surrounding rocks are much bigger.

My last reason that I think that there isnt a face is because our pictures arn't the best.

The cameras that took the original picture took 43 meters per pixel, and the camera that took the picture in 2001 made a pixel every 1.56 meters.

This leads to the fact that no face had ever been found on Mars.

Only the camera made it look like a face.

I think that the face on Mars is fake because on the day of the original photo the wheather was foggy and the camera had to see through the fog, I also think it is fake because the face was aproxamently 2 miles long which is a verry big rock, the last reason I think it is fake is because the pictures taken were verry bad camera and on lt had a little amount of pixles.

The fog made it nearly impossable for the camera to take a clear picture of the mountain on Mars.

The face was also suposed to be about two miles tall which means that this mould be a verry big rock, but the rock besides it is much bigger then it.

The old cameras that NASA owned were bad compared to what the more modern pictures were taken with.

In conclusion everyone now needs to know that the face found on the mountain is fake.                                        