Dear Senator,

I am writting this letter to give my opinion on whether or not we should keep the electoral college or change to election by popular vote. I believe that we should change the election to popular vote ,because I feel that the people know best .

I agree with the statement the people know best because to me it true. If the majority of the people all vote for the same person its because the person is or has done something good and they would like to see that continue to happen. Also , I feel that the president should be elected by the popular vote because the people are in which what makes the country run. We the people have to work and spend money nd recieve money back in order to make our state or our country be  successful. If no one spends then what is are country proffiting from? I strongly believe that the the president should be elected by the people because without the people it wouldnt work. For example, when a candidate runs for president his job is to attract more people and or do something to make people want to say " I really like what he or she is doing and i think that we should vote for him or her".

Even though , the electoral college restores some of the weight in the political balance it dosent reallly stand out as the people do. The people in which, watch the candidates closely they acknowledge what they hear and or see. They will make their decsion based upon what they see the candidate doing right or wrong. The people are the ones who will have to live by the rules that the candidate makes so why not let them vote on which who will run this country and or nation better.

In the article , it states that the electoral college isnt a place it is a process. If you really look at things the whole concept of voting is a process. A process that would not run without the people. The process usally is that when its time to vote for a president we the people must go and vote in an orderly fashioned line in which you must be eighteen or older. If we the people are the ones making this country and or state run then we in which should be the ones having the final say so in which who are president should be.    