Facial Action Coding System (FACS) is a computer technology that read the emotional expressions of students. The technology show be in classroom because how would we know if something wrong with a students if she does not show it or tell it. Many students do not show there feeling in school because the are afriad. Especially around there frined because the dont want there friends to see there emotional side of them. FACS should be in classroom because we need to know how if you and a good or bad mood, counselor, and if your getting bully and your not happy about it.

Classroms should have the Facial Action Coding System so the teacher can know if you are in a good or bad mood because some people dont show it. Teachers need to know how their students are feeling because they might call on them in class to answer a qusetion not knowing that the student is in a bad to answer the quwstion. In the text it states," Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc. Yet Dr. huang observes that artists such as da Vinci studied human anatomy to help them paint facial muscles precisely enough to convey specific emotions." This quote support my answer because its hard to tell if a person upset or need time to be alone so he or she can cool down. Having a FACS computer in classroom will really help teahers know if there something upsetting there students.

Having a Facial Action Coding System in classrom would help conselor know if you go to there office and your not showing no emotion but your upset about something. The technogly can be helpful to many school because teachers do not know whats going on with there students because they dont show it or try to talk to somebody about it. In the text it states,"Empathy may happen because we unconsciously imitae another person's facial epressions. Whoever thought that amking faces could reveal so much about the science of emotions!." This quote support my answer because it can show how your real feeling behind their smile.

This technogly could help students that are getting bully and are afriad to speak up and tell a teacher. Students that get bully everyday at school are most likely do not tell nobody that they are getting bully because they are afriad of the person that are doing the mean things to the student. Having the Facial Action Coding System can help the student that getting bully seek out help before it gets worse then it already is. In the text it states,"But in a false smile, the mout is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius. to an expect, faces don't lie; these muscle clues are something used to spot when a "smiling" politcian or celebrity isn't being truthful." This quote supports my quote because it can help a teacher know if her or his student is upset about something and he or she can ask the student so it he be stop.

Facial Action Coding System should be in school because it can be helpful for teachers to know if your in a good or bad mood , letting your counsoler if you upset about something, and also if your getting bully. This technolgy is a great way to know if something going on at home. Many student would proabbly ant this kind of computer because they would be scared to tell somebody how they are feeling. Students are not just going to be emotional in front of there classmate because when there friend ask whats wrong with them it make it harder to tell somebody how your feeling. School should have this computer in there school because its a great way to know if a student is upset.