There are many advantages in limiting the amount of car usage. Many people seem to believe that if you do not drive everywhere, you can preserve the land and it is proven to reduce stress. Another advantage would be that the government wouldn't have to spend as much money on highways and other transport. There is a lot less congestion, and polution without the use of cars. These are all good examples of how ruducing the use of cars could be very good for the environment.

To expand on the theory that a car-free cities are a lot better for the environment, we can say they preserve lands and cause stress levels to be reduced. In the first article, "In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars", Heidrun Walter is quoted explaioning that he is "much happier" without a car in his life. He also states that when he did have a car, he was "alway tense". This seems to show stress levels going down, but that is only one example. In addition to stress levels, land preservation was also brought up. It is stated that without cars, roads and suburbs would be nicer and better for walking. Without cars, cities are also considered denser. Researchers are trying to conduct an experiment with a no car city and see how different and "better" life would be, to get more facts about it.

Next, this car-free world could help save the government money. Studies shouw that in recent years, eighty percent of appropriations have gone to fixing and preserving highways for cars to continue driving on them safely. In additon to that eighty percent, twenty percent was provided for all the other ways for transportation, for example, buses. Without cars, we would be saving the government eighty percent of their money, holding on to the idea that areas would be kept in good shape without cars driving on them! Thats crazy!

Lastly, polution is a HUGE factor in this idea. Without cars, we would have a lot less polution and smog. In France, they have a few car-free cities and they states that without cars, sixty percent of smog levels went down in only 5 days! Fuel is blaimed for a lot of polution dailey and without cars, we could have a cleaner air and city in only a few days!

In conclusion, car-free cities could be a very good idea for some cities. We can make the air better, having less smog, spend less money, and have nicer land. These are only a few of the advantages to having a carless city. Even the limition of cars could help the environment in all these ways, you don't have to cut them out completely!    