Driverless cars are definitly an advancement in society today. Although there are slightly independent cars today, it is projected that by 2020 Mercedes-Benz, Audi and Nissan plan to have self driven automotives. In the article, "Driverless Cars Are Coming," a decent amount of benifits were listed. One of those benifits are safety features, such as the inability to use a telocommunication device while in the vehicle.

Each of the self driven automotives will have regulations. While the car is in the self driving mode the opperator must be alert. By doing this the driver must have both hands on the steering wheel. The steering wheels have a sensor built in; made to ensure that when road conditions ahead need human capabilities they can take over quickly and safely. Another restriction included in the driverless cars are the ability to shut off all systems instantly. For example in-car entertainment is a privlage but may be turned off when neccessary.

These self driven cars include many other features as well. GPS, Tire, motion, and radar sensors are installed in these vehicles. When in reverse newer cars have the ability to have a camera in there dash to see the surroundings behind them. Vibrating seats are a feature used to alert the driver when they are close to hitting an object around them. With these advancements in the self driving automotives the opporation system can be a copy cat of a human driver.

Not only do the driverless cars have safety features but save on gas. The self driven cars are projected to recieve better gas millage, using half the fuel our automotives use today. As stated in the article by Sergey Brin, " Such cars would fundamentally change the world." Not only will each tank of gas last longer, but there will be less fumes going into the atmosphere.

Advancing modern cars into self driving vehicles in a societal achievement. Having safety features such as sensors, vibrating seats, and the restriction of cellphone use will decrease accidents. These vehicles require the driver to stay alert, and detect when conditions require human assistance. The evolution of self driving cars is progressing, with a target of cars being on autopilot 90 percent of the time. 