Facial Action Coding System

Technology is advancing everyday. The use of electronics in the classroom is growing, due to all the useful tools it provides. Learning styles can vary when emotions play a role, exspecially in the classroom. The new technology called Facial Action Coding System allows for a computer to calculate a humans emotions. The new tool would help increase teachers knowledge of students to a whole new level.

Emotions in the classroom affect the students ability to learn. Lessons are fit to help a student succeed in school. The detection of a student's emotion enables teacher's ability to customize their lesson plans based on the emotion students are portraying. In paragraph five it states,"Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc," proving although humans may have the ability to read emotions to an extent, computers have the ability to exactly calculate the emotion. It provides an extra tool that would benefit the way teachers teach in their classroom's.

The calculation of a student's emotion would allow for classrooms to be more efficient. Time is a crucial factor when it comes to the amount students learn. Emotion ties into the mood of a human. The mood a student has can cause an increase or decrease in the amount of new information he or she can take in. The calculation of emotion can provide the teacher with information on how it may affect their attention span. "By weighting the different units, the software can even identify mixed emotions,"which would better the teacher, leading to a better classroom.

Emotions can be hard to read. All teachers are differernt and read emotions differently. Facial Action Coding System would be of great value in the classroom. It allows more information and knowledge to the teachers, which betters the students. The use of the new technology provides the classroom with ways to personalize the classroom for each individual student. The calculation of emotion opens a whole new door for classrooms all over. 