Scientist said by 2020, students will take classes at home using their super computer instead of going to school, which has not happened completely yet. However, Generic_School offers online classes to students and they can take some classes at home without going to school. Although some may say otherwise, school system, musician, and my personal experience proves that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

Generic_School is well-known as having a great school system. Generic_School offer students online classes, which they offer for a reason. For classes in school, there are limited number of students that they can take for each classes. One of my friends wanted to take AP Psychology, but the class was already full so she was not able to take it. Luckily, my school offered AP Psychology as an online class, so she is now taking it through online class. Some may say students will not learn anything from online classes, but if students are really eager to take the class and want to learn, they will have no problem of learning courses.

There are some fields that people have to put a huge amount of effort like sports, arts, and musics. Especially for musicians, they usually practice at least two hours everyday. Doing all the school works and practicing is very hard, so some people use distance learning to make their lives a little bit easier. For example, a friend of mine, a young violinist, wants to major in music. She had won lots of competitions which requires her to practice at least 5 hours a day. Rather than spending time going to school, she decided to take all her classes through online. As a result, she has been chosen as one of the finalists for international violin competition. Distance learning system can help students to focus on the area that they are interested in. Some people may say students should be focusing on school work first before anything else, which is not correct. If students already know what they want to do in the future, it is better to spend more on it than going to school and not wasting time.

Distance learning benefited lots of people including myself. After I heard about the online class program, I thought it could help me to make my junior year easier. Due to the youth fellowship program, I am missing at least four days or more every months. It is really hard to catch up if I miss this many school days, but for online class, I do not have to worry about missing classes, because I can start working on it after I get home. Online class gives students more flexibility than actual classes. Some may say students should challenge themselves instead of finding an easy way like taking online classes. However, online classes are challenging and it is not wrong to choose easy way when there is an option.

Support of distance learning from schools, musician, and my personal experience supports that distance learning is benefiting students in lots of ways. The number of schools that offers online classes has increased compare to the past. Nowadays, most of people have access to the internet, they can take classes at home easily without going to school. It is not common to have easy access on technology like here in America, people should take more advantage of using well-developed technology.                 