According to the official DMV website, in 2014 26 % of all car crashes involved cell phone use. Considering all the other factors that can cause accidents this is a large percentage. There are so many distractions and uncertainties on the roads, there is no need to add another one to hinder your driving ability. Just looking away for a second could make you lose precious reaction time. The complete removal of the use of cell phones while operating would make the roads a lot safer.

More and more people are getting on the roads making it more imperative that we practice safe driving habits. 481,000 people are using cell phones while driving. Cell phones contribute to distracted driving. It can be considered one or all three types of distraction: Visual- which is removing eyes from the road, Manual- removing hands from the wheel, and Cognitive-removing your attention or focus from driving. Any of these can lead to catastrophic consequences to you or any passengers in the vehicle. This is why those with stands or hands-free are not a solution but a lie to see as if it's better. Most people don't drive with both hands once they are comfortable driving. Teens who have little experience and high cell phone use create double the danger.

While people with high experience may think they are exempt but they are still human. The average reaction time to visual stimulus is 0.25 sec. Drivers spend so much more than that looking at their phones by the time they realize what's happening it will be too late. To prevent this there are several alternatives one could do if it is necessary to use their phone. You should finish call or text conversations before driving. So you're not constantly checking the map make sure you know you location and how to get their b efore getting in. Even if you haven't finished a conversation just set your phone to do not disturbed so your not slightly distracted.

Cell phones are a great advancement in technology and make our live a lot easier, just not while doing 60 on the highway. The creation of handsfree make it easier to use your phone not safer. The inclusion of these in the attack of phone use in vehicles is step to safer roads. They should't be use in cars and need to be more heavily pressed upon before its too late.   