Over time, technology has become a major part of people's lives. Consumers have found ways numerous ways to simplify their lives as creators continue to advance technology through the development of new softwares, programs, and devices. As the world modernizes and becomes more reliant on technology, some school systems have begun incorporating more technology into students' lives by distributing laptops to every student. These school laptops are equipped with a video camera at the top of the screen and they're specially programmed to have all the resources students need in order to see teacher announcements and complete assignments whether they are at home or at school. Some schools have used these laptops to their full benefit by offering students the option of attending classes through video conferencing from home. Students benefit from having the opportunity to attend classes from home because they will be faced with less distractions and they can operate on a more flexible schedule.

Providing students with the option of attending classes from home will reduce the amount of distractions they face. In the school building, students experience interruptions or distractions during class every day. Often times, the disruption is caused by peers talking loudly to one another. Students enjoy seeing their friends in classes so they will begin conversing, but pretty soon they'll become too chatty and the teacher has to pause her instructions in order to tell the select group of students to quiet down. This effects everyone in the classroom, including the teacher. The select group of students who were talking are distracted because they're too busy chatting instead of focusing on the lesson. The rest of the students in the classroom are also faced with disruption because their learning has been interrupted. If students were to attend class through video conferencing, then this would reduce the amount of talking going on because students will be alone. This allows students to focus all of their attention onto the teacher and the lesson that is being taught. Another popular distraction in the classroom is the abuse of cell phone usage by students. Most students have their phones in their pocket or on top of their desk during class. As soon as they receive a notification, they're tempted to check their phones. Teachers have to continually tell students to put their phones away because this derails their attention from the teacher and the lecture or instructions that are being given. Through video conferencing, teachers will be able to see the student's surroundings and work space at all times, so the student will be less inclined to check their device and devote more of their attention to the teacher's instructions.

Students are able to attend classes on a flexible schedule if they're given the option to attend classes through video conferencing. Students are faced with strict bell schedules when it comes to attending school in person. Lots of students take part in extra-curricular activities that happen after school so they'll come home late into the evening and still have lots of homework to do. In order to finish all of their school work on time, students have to stay up late at night and lose sleep. In the mornings and during school days, students are drowsy and unable to properly focus. Having to operate on a strict schedule like the ones in schools can become difficult for students with busy schedules and will result in many tardies or absences in their attendance. With the option of attending class through video conferencing, there are less time restrictions so students and teachers can set up a schedule that both sides can function with. This will reduce the amount of absences or class time that is missed so that students don't get too far behind when they miss class. When it comes to school, many students experience stress or anxiety. They may be worried about not completing an assignment on time or not understanding the topic that is being taught. Video conferencing allows both the student and the teacher to operate on a flexible schedule that may be better for the both of them. The amount of stress in students will decrease because they're in a more relaxed learning environment. In addition, the teacher is given insight on what the students specifically need so that they can properly assist the students with a topic or an assignment.

Attending classes through video conferencing from home will benefit the students because the amount of distractions will be reduced and the time schedule will be more flexible. Although the use of video conferencing has many benefits for students, many schools and parents fear that the program used to make these conferences can cause glitches. To solve this issue, schools require students to restart their laptops once a week in class in order to refresh the program and decrease the possibility of any technological issues. Distance learning is an innovative way for students to attend class and communicate with the teacher. As the world modernizes, school systems should adapt and implement something new like distance learning.