Dear Senator,

I strongly suggest that you keep the Electoral college because of the different benefits it has to offer. It creates more of a certain outcome. Also, it is a way to avoid run-off elections. Even though there may be some negative outcomes to this way of voting, I feel that the advantages overlook them.

The Electoral college is a good method of our voting system in the United States because it helps to develop a more certain outcome. According to the passage titled

In Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner, it states that "Because almost all states award electoral votes ona winner-take-all basis, even a very slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote victory in that state." This tell that vote is plenty more certain using this method rather than to go by popular vote. With having a more percise and oranized plan of voting it garintees a more certain outcome and will prepare for problems that may occur such as ties in the election. The Electoral College is most definitley a an great voting method when used for certainty.

Another reason why The Electoral College is a great method of voting is because it is a way to avoid run-off elections. According to the same article titled

In Defense of the Electoral College:Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner it tells that "There is pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the votes cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidential election process, is reduced by the Electoral College, which in variably produces a clear winner." An example of this stated in the article is "Nixon in 19680and clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the Electoral College". Avoiding these types of things is very important. If we didnt have this method we would still have to come up with some sort of method so that thing like run-offs don't happen. However, some people disagree with the electoral college because they feel that they aren't really voting for the candidate, it still needs to be used because to many thing can happen such as ties and run-offs that we would need to figure out in the long run.

In conclusion, the Electoral College is very important and needs to continue to be our voting method for the United States. Certainty of the votes outcome and avoiding run-off election are twp ways Electoral votes have helped us. Without this method we would have to be dealing with these issues in some other kind of way.                                                   