The things you can do to help yourself, and others is just don't drive ride a bike, or take public transportation. Never the less having a car is a great responsiblitiy, like driving the right way, and not driving reckless. That could end up bad, because you know how law enforcement is they will pull you over for anything. Then on top of that they will give you a big fat nasty ticket to pay, so that really ruins what you have to like pay your bills or something. Plus its always better to just take public transportation, because trying to get a car that's worth $40,000, isn't even worth it, if your still paying for it, then you will have to take really good care of that car.

The car is at its lowest did you know that, because nobody buys them anymore, or nobody gets there permit. Cars are becoming nothing anymore, the roads America bulit will be soon for nothing. Like I said your better not buying a car, then spending all that money, and you have to spend more money on it later, Like if you get a ticket, or you have to pay to get it fix. Pointless absolutly pointless cause most people just uses cars to get from A to B, nothing else like what's the point of having a car if your not going to use it all the time might as well just take a bus, and spend like 50 cents, or something.

If you really want a car, at least use it instead of just showing it off, and letting it dust in your driveway, or garage. People in other countries like say Germany, all they use is bikes. They live a life without cars, and look at them saving all that money, and what if it is a poor country at least there not greedy and selfish. Also the cars are literally a poison to the enviorment, we are literally killing off our enviorment, and for what the nicest car that you have and probably won't even use that's pretty dumb as if i should say. Having a car, and showing it off doesn't make you cool it make's you look like a selfish greedy person who could have nothing else to spend his, or her money on but who am I to judge right? Soon you will realize that all that money you spent was all just a waste, and you could have done somethimg else better to spend it on.

I'm not saying don't buy a car, Like I mean don't buy the most expensive car ever cause like that's just herendous. Like just buy something that's nice and cheap like maybe a Nissian not a Ferrari. Imagine if you run out of money what are you going to do ask people to help, Your going to have that fancy car, and be like "oh what will i do". You will realize that you messed, and that when you were being all selfish and greedy, nobody will care to help you. It's like all these other regular people who use there money wisley and not be selfish. The car is nearly at it's end cause soon there will be no more gas, what will you do. It's at the time where you make your own desisions, and think about do I really want to spend my money on a car, or do I want to be smart and ride the bus, or a bike and save my money and help the enviorment.                    