Dear Senator,

I am writing to you to argue in favor of keeping the Electoral College. There are many reasons for keeping the Electoral College but the reasons I am going to point out ot you are, certainty of outcome, you avoid run off, swing states, big states. There are also some reasons for getting rid of the Electoral College. For example voters vote for a slate of electors not the president.

First of all two reasons for keeping the Electoral College would be a certainty of outcome. Even though a dispute over an Electoral College vote is possible it is more likely to occur iver a popular vote. A reason for this is the winning candidate's share of Electoral College exceeds his share of popular vote. For example, in a article called In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President Obama received 61.7 percent of the Electoral vote compared to the 51.3 perecent Romney received. Because of the winner-take-all basis even a slight plurality in a state creates a landslide electoral-vote  victory.

Another reason would be you avoid run off elections. The Electoral College aviods the problem no one candidate receiving a majority of votes. For example, in the article In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President, it states Nixon in 1968 and Clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the poplar votes, while winning a majoprity in the Electoral College.

Two more reasons for keeping the Electoral College are swing states and big states. The winner-take-allmethod of awarding electoral votes induces the cnadidate to focus campaigning in toss-up states. These voters are more likley to pay close attention to the campaigning going on. They are also more likley to be more thoughtful voters. Also the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by the mal-apportionm,ent of the Senate decreed in the Constitution.

A reason for not keeping the Elecetoral college is that voters vote for a slate of electors not the president. These electors can be anyone not holding public office. The problem with is htat electors can vote for whom ever they want. Some go against the cnadidate they are supposed to vote for. So voters are chosing the president they want.

In conlcusion please take my reasons for keeping the Electoral College into consideration. Again those reasons are

certainty of outcome, you avoid run off, swing states, big states. Also the reason not to keep the Electoral College is voters don't vote for a president, but a slate of electors who do.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME                    