We live in a world where we rely on cars to get us to where we need to and want to be. Be it to work, school, errands, dates, family get togethers, hanging out with friends and a multitude of other things. Yet do we really need cars like we think we do, some would say yes or how else are we suppose to get around to places we have to go but when you think about it not really since there are other ways to get around like walking or taking public transportation. Their are even some advantages to just stop using cars altogther.

Many people now a days worry a lot about the enivornment specifically the negative things that have been done to it like how green house gasses are destroying the ozone layer. It makes the earth more exposed to the sun's radiation and causing a negative chain of events like the polar ice caps melting. According to source one "In Germen suburb life goes on without cars" its revealed that cars account for twelve percent of green house gasses in Europe and fifty percent of green house gasses in the United states. This is especially problematic in large dense cities where car green house gasses add to the pollution by mixing in with other green house gasses from other parts of these cities. In source two "Paris bans driving due to smog", cars are the cause of the terrible smog problem Paris is facing which causes many driving problems. If we stop using cars we immediately cut down on how much green house gas gets released into the ozone layer. It would not only be good for us but good for the enviornment as well.

On a more personal note, in all honesty driving a car is incredibly stressful. There are rush-hour restrictions which cause massive traffic jams, it's sometimes hard to find parking pace, gas costs an arm and a leg most of the time and accidents can be caused by the simplest mistakes. Wouldn't it be more peaceful and more enjoyable to walk somewhere on a nice day or take a bus with your family to the beach so you can all interact more with each other and not have one person busy focusing on the road. In source 4 "The end of Car culture" a study was conducted and it was seen that in the United States the number of miles driven peaked in 2005 and it has been dropping steadily. Aren't you getting tired of driving now especially with all the stress that comes with it be it gas prices, traffic, accidents and driving rules and regulations. Is a car really worth the time and expierence of headaches and pains from driving?

A big reason people use cars is to get in touch or communicate with friends or family. At least that use to be a big reason. Many used to have to drive many miles or many hours to see or meet a particular person. Now with inventions such as the cell phone and the internet- specifically things like facebook, skype and twitter- many can talk with their family and friends across any distance and in some cases feel more connect as stated by Mimi Sheller, a sociology professor at Drexel university in source four "The end of Car culture." Yet if you want to go out still there's always the option of biking, walking or a public transportation such as taxi, shared van services and buses. There are many ways to communicate in this day and age and cars are slowly becoming an fading option

While at first the idea of stopping the use of automoblies may seem stupid and could cause many to have a knee-jerk reaction their are actually many advantages to not usuing cars anymore. In fact in might even be the best thing to stop using cars and just enjoy a stress-free enivornmentally healthy life with the people you love.    