Do you think summer projects should be teacher-designed or student-designed? In my opinion, summer project should be student-designed. For students, summer is a break from school; students should have the freedom to do a project based on what they want. Reasons why I believe summer projects should be student-designed is because it gives students the ability to be creative, they feel less pressured, and it gives them responsibility.

First reason why I believe summer projects should be student-designed is because it gives students the ability to be creative. If students come up with what their projects is based on, it shows their creativeness. They can describe and show their personality through their project. They can also show their character and more about who they are. This can be a opportunity for students to open up with their teacher and classmates. Students can come out their comfort zone and be unique when creating their project.

Second reason why I believe summer projects should be student-designed is because students feel less pressured. If students have a certain project, they feel more pressured to do exactly what the project is based on. The project may be based on a subject they may not feel comfortable with. If students have a student-designed project, they will avoid that conflict because they will be able to choose their own topic. This may also pressure students because they could get a project that doesn't appeal to their personality.

Third reason why I believe summer projects should be student-designed is because it gives students responsibility. Students will have all summer to create their project; if the project is not done, it shows they aren't responsible. The project shows if they can be able to do a project before the new school year begins. Certain students will prove they're able to complete a project throughout the summer. While others will prove they aren't responsible enough to complete a project. In addition, this will give them a task to do while they aren't in school.

In conclusion, I believe that summer projects should be student-based. My reasons on why I believe this should be a student-designed project is because it gives students the ability to be creative, they feel less pressured, and it gives them responsibility. A summer project should be a project you are comfortable with and can show how you unique every individual is. The project will also keep students feeling educated while not being in school.