Do you think there is a face on Mars created by aliens on Cydonia? Lets talk about it. Cydonia is a huge red planet. Better stated in pargraph one, "An enormous head nearly two miles from end to end seemed to be staring back at the camera from a region of the Red Planet called Cydonia." On this beautiful reddish planet, people thought there was a human face carved in it. They do not know how, and they do not know who did it.

What did people see on this great sized planet? People saw a face, with shadows forming human face features! After Nasa had generously let the images on display for everyone to see, it became a huge news story. Everyone was, as said, talking about the unspecified "Face on Mars". The word was soon sent out by everyone ,and the public was attract to what they had seen in the picture of mars! The public went balistic after seeing such an amazing picture!

What did NASA and scientists say about this human looking face? They had said it was just a natural created landform! When they flew over the beautiful Cydonia to snap a better picture of "The Face" that was sharper, they had said, "There was no alien monument after all." Not everyone had agreed with what they had said, which cause a comotion. Other people had said they were clearly oblivious to the alien markings hidden by the haze. Which then, NASA had to send more people to look at the face once more.

What had happened the second time they send people to search "The Face." Well, they had a little bit of trouble this time around! They had said, it was not easy, and It had been very hard work. They also said, in paragraph 9, "We just don't pass over the Face very often." Next, they found a great cloudless summer day to finally search Cydonia. There team had caught an "Extraordinary photo usimg the camera's absolute maximum resolution." Their picture had been 100x better the second time around! They stated, "Well, If there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!"

In conclusion, If were unseen aliens on Cydonia, they would most likely know about it! It would have been very,very clear to see aliens after they used their 1.56 meter pixel size.

Lastly, they stated in the article, "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as "The Face" on Mars."