Driverless cars are the future of the roads. They provide an easier way to get to and from different locations, and can help prevent deadly and dangerous accidents. With driverless vehicles, they would prevent wasting excess gas due to them being programmed to be economically efficient. It would also provide a less stressful enviroment for the passengers allowing them to not worry about getting lost due to the gps in the computer driven cars.

Driverless cars will help preserve the enviroment by not using excess gas. "The cars he foresees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." A future with driverless public transportation would make the lives of people easier. Having driverless cars become a full on public-transport taxi systerm would help prevent the amount of non enviromentally friendly vehicles driven on a daily basis. Driverless cars with the use of sensors would prevent many car accidents and traffic situations if programmed correctly. "Futher improvements in sensors and computer hardware and software to make driving safer are also leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own." There will be fewer traffic problems if driverless cars took over. There are companys working on improving how driverless cars handle traffic situations. "In 2013, BMW announced the development of 'Traffic Jam Assistant.' The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." Although driverless cars are not one hundred percent self driven, it is still good to allow the driver to take over when they want to or need to. WIth the addition to alerts and warnings telling the driver if the car needs to be manually controlled, it allows for a even safer enviroment. Once these "smart" cars have been proven safer, many states may soon open up to the use of the driverless car. "As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars. Caliornia, Nevada, Florida, and the District of Columbia have lead the country in allowing limited us of semi-autonomous cars; manufactures believe that more states will follow as soon as the cars are proven more reliably safe."

In conclusion driverless cars are the future of automobiles. The driverless cars provide a economic and enviromentally friendly aspect to the road. They will allow better traffic conditions and prevent more accidents. There will have to be certain laws that come into effect concerning driverless cars, but overall they would provide a safer, healthier enviroment for everyone. Once they have been proven as more reliably safe, driverless cars will begin to brighten the worlds future by bringing these positive aspects onto the road on a daily basis.