If we have access to the greatest technological innovations of human history, shouldn't we be using them to allow students to choose the way they want to learn? Schools have started to incorporate modern technology into the classroom, where schools are surrounded with screens instead of chalkboards and laptops instead of binders. Thus, as technology becomes easier to integrate with learning, many schools have started to give the option of learning through online software rather than sitting in a classroom. I believe that students would be able to benefit from learning through online or video conferencing, because they would be able to learn in a method that is more convenient, less stressful for students with social issues, and more helpful through the use of learning with online media.

Rather than having to sit in a classroom, online learning would allow students to learn in a way that makes them feel the most comfortable, increasing the convenience and ease of learning. The goal of school is to empower students to learn and gain knowledge that will ultimately help them later in life. Therefore, schools should assess what methods allow students to gain the most amount of knowledge in a given amount of time, thus increasing the efficiency of learning. Schools have tried various methods of increasing efficiency, such as making high school start at a later time or making the cafeteria food more healthy. However, these past changes fail in that they do not tailor the school experience based on one's need. Furthermore, if a student learns best at night time, they do not have the option to take their high school schedule at night. Or, if a student learns best on a couch instead a desk, they have to settle with sitting in a desk for most of their day. These examples show that the best way of increase learning efficiency is by giving choice to the students, and online learning gives much more choice compared to traditional school. Students are not tied to sitting in a classroom or learning at specific points in a day, allowing them to choose the way they learn the best. Thus, convenience and choice from distance learning allow students to gain more knowledge and be more successful later in their jobs. Some may argue that the convenience would lead to a lack of physical interactions at a school, isolating students from developing relationships with their peers. However, since distance learning gives students more choice, they can choose how and when they interact with their peers, allowing social relationships to be built on their own time rather than during school time.

Online learning would decrease stress for students who have social issues attending school. For example, some students with mental disabilities have issues being surrounded with hundreds of other students at school. Luckily, online learning can allow these students to receive their education without having to be around others, which makes learning a much easier process. In addition, I have noticed how social media has made many students develop anxiety over social interactions at schools. However, online learning can allow these students to be less focused on social dilemmas at the hallway and more focused on their studying during school time. Therefore, distance learning can be useful to combat the social problems that distract many students from learning at school.

Finally, online learning can make the learning process more engaging and useful to students through the use of online software. For example, I have taken a course online through a program called Virtual Loudoun, and I noticed how the curriculum involved the use of online slide show presentations, videos, and diagrams. This made my learning process much easier, since the various methods of learning kept me more and engaged and interested to learn. Although some classrooms have implemented presentations and videos, most still largely revolve around teachers lecturing to the class, which does not engage students nearly as well as other online methods. Some may argue that online learning does not allow for students to get specialized or individual help if they have issues. However, online learning still retains all of the traditional benefits that come from learning in a classroom. For example, if a students needs specialized assistance, they can easily setup a video conference to talk individually with their teacher. Also, online software can allow students to take quizzes, tests, and assignments at certain deadlines, and teachers can easily grade their work and upload their results to a grade book. Therefore, online learning has all the advantages of normal classroom learning, on top of increased engagement through the use of different learning methods.

Overall, distance learning with the use of technology is the future of learning as it allows students to choose where and when they learn, have less anxiety for those with social issues, receive a better education through the use of online media. All of these example will allow empower students to be more successful once they eventually enter the workforce. Traditional classrooms have been around for hundreds of years, and it's time that society evolves and transforms the way that students learn by using technological innovations.