Automated vehicles are nice and all, but when it comes donw to it, ahuman should be responsible for his or her own actions on the road. The use of automated automotives just seems to be a liitle too risky to use on roads within the next few years. Automated automobiles might sound like a good idea in theory, but technology fails all of the time and I would not be surprised whatsoever if lawsuits sprung up in the near future, due to accidents caused by so-called "smart" cars. There are currently no laws regarding smart cars, smart cars are unreliable, and smart cars would not offer the same experience as a normal vehicle would.

One would assume that driverless cars are 100% safe. That is a very false statement, as drivers may still take control of the wheel. Who is to say that a driver would not just grab the wheel, drive off of the side of the road, and attempt to sue a car manufacturer for a faulty product? There are little to no laws regarding self-automated vehicles in most states. New sets of laws and other rules would have to be put in place in order to maintain peace between civilians and car manufacturers. Paragraph #9 states that new laws would have to be made in order to assure liability to a specific party if one got in a crash due to the smart cars. It seems highly impractical, and it also seems like a waste of precious time and money.

Smart cars may sound very safe and enjoyable in theory, but all technology has the capability to fail at any given moment. Imagine a world where driverless cars are simply rolling along down the streets, and perhaps one combusts here, or another veers off of the road there. Paragraph #7 talks about how some cars are only partially automated, and that is honestly the best way to handle the situation. A driver should still be responsible and should be able to make his/her own decisions on what to do on the road. There are dangers in this as well, because some people are not bright enough to use and understand the technology to its full advantage, and could cause problems in the process of maintaining the vehicle. If a vehicle has multiple sensors scattered around its body, those sensors can be tampered with and can malifunction; whether it be intentional, or a simple mistake, accidents do occur on the road.

There is no experience in the world like driving a car. Kids look forward to it their whole lives! Girls will get cars on their 16th or 17th birthday and SURPRISE! YOU DO NOT ACTUALLY GET TO DRIVE IT! A computer will do it for you! To me, that does not sound appealing or very fun in the slightest sense. Imagine sitting at the sterring wheel and dozing off, due to the fact that you have not had to touch the sterring wheel in miles. Dozing off at the wheel could be a fatal experience. Making drivers operate a vehicle is much safer than allowing a computer to do so, because it should be the choice of the driver as to what happens on the road. In paragraph #8, a psychologist states that automated vehicles could cause drivers at the wheel to get bored. Boredom leads to weariness, which will eventually lead to sleep, which in turn could result in a fatal accident to the driver, a passenger, or pedestrians/cyclist. If someone did not want to drive or take responibilty for it, they could have someone else drive, they could ride a train, or fly in an airplane! It just seems so unrealistic and kind of ridiculous that someone would actually want to be driven by a machine. If a person owns a car, they should be responsible for managing it and whatever occurs on the open road.

There is no practical use for smart cars in a modern day society. Perhaps in the future, when technology is more advanced and when the people of the world are even more brain dead than they currently are, we could have smart cars driving people freely throughout the streets. Smart cars will never live up to the security and safety measures of vehicles operated by a human driver. Smart cars are a lot more trouble than they seem to be worth. Smart cars would require new laws, maintenace and regular repair (so a malifunction may not occur), and trust in a machine that could fail at any given moment. Smart cars will only make the human mind much more lazy, and we will continue to degress as a society if we allow smart cars to become our preferred mode of transportation.