Long distance schooling is not a effective way of teaching students. It offers little benefits and raises a multitude of new issues to deal with. It could hinder the student learning process and leave them with a less then satisfactory education. It could also stifle the way in which young children and young adults develop important social skills which are needed in the modern world.

Most students are lazy and tired of the same mundane routine of doing school work day in and day out. The only thing which keeps them on task is a teacher which is ever present helping them learn and grow, so what would happen if there was no teacher to monitor these students. The students would never accomplish anything meaningful, because they would have too many distractions all around them at home such as TV, video games, snacks, and many more enticing appliances and goods to steer their attention from that of education.

Students need teachers present to help them with their studies more than anything else in their learning career. A teacher over video or call could be less efficient and more irritated by the technology which could seriously hinder the student learning experience and the teachers ability to teach. Many older and more experienced teachers could find it hard to adapt to the new technology or outright refuse to use it out of frustration. This would restrict those students at home from getting the best possible education from the most experienced of teachers.

Students need a healthy and large dose of social interaction with other students to properly develop important social skills. Students need this sort of interaction and it plays a key role in not just their education, but their entire life. A long distance learning program could shut these particular students off from the rest of society causing many unseen mental and physical effects. These students would then be unprepared fof the challenges ahead in life and leave them at a disadvantage when compared to other students.

What about students with disabilities? Wouldnt it be easier for both the school system and the student with the disability to just stay at home? Most school systems already have a well organized and defined public transportation system to take them to school and many schools already offer specialized classes and programs specifically for these less gifted students. What if the student is sick or wants to stay at home? Schools already are integrated well enough into the internet that teachers can give them assignments and classwork while they are at home sick and if a students wants to work from home there is always the option of home schooling and private tutors.

In the end, most students are better off just going to school and learning under the guidance of physical teachers and interacting with other students in the school environment. Long distance learning programs offer more issues than benefits and would stifle the way in which students learn and grow in many different ways. This is why long distance learning programs are not a viable alternative to traditional schools.