Technology in society is constantly innovating and becoming more complex. Over time, different manufacturers have tried to create successful, driverless cars. People have mixed feelings towards this for many reasons including safety and control. However, these people are not thinking about the greater outcomes of what could happen with these innovative cars. Overall, driverless cars would be very beneficial to society and the world.

Driverless cars can open up many new windows for society. Companies like Google are already experimenting with this. Since there is not legislation completely prohibiting the use of semi-autonomous cars in California, Google has taken advantage of this by using their cars to aid them in mapping the world. They have used their driverless cars to help gain more info for Google Maps. Society will gain more information about the surrounding land. This is just one possibility with these new cars.

Along with gaining new information, driverless cars can help people multitask. This is also prevalent with Google Maps. As the car scans and takes pictures of the land around it, the person in the car is able to track down and record the appropriate data. People will be able to do more with driverless cars which is more efficient. This will benefit large companies as they will be able to do more with their time. However, for many this leads to problematic thoughts. People are in fear that these cars will have safety problems and that humans will lose control. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author discusses this possible problem thouroughly. There is common misconception that driverless cars will be completely automatic, but this is not the case. Driverless cars are more for assisting rather than they are for driving. The person in the car still needs to remain alert in cases where they might need to take over. This shows that the car does not have complete control.

Another major concern is whether or not these cars are entirely safe. In the article, the author also mentions how the in-car system itself is a safety feature. The article mentions how manufacturers hope to bring in in-car entertainment and information systems that use heads-up displays. Anytime the person needs to take over the car, these displays can be turned off instantly. This is something that is not availables to drivers who are texting while driving. This shows how these driverless cars may even be safer than regular, self-driven cars.

To conclude, one of the greatest reasons that society should move forward with this innovative idea is that this groundbreaking technology can be beneficial in fields outside of automobiles. If engineers can successfully create an automatic car, what else will they be able to produce? More automatic devices could be created with this technology. In this fast-paced world, emptying up time is incredibly beneficial as people will then be able to do greater things. This is something that has been proven to be true since the beginning of time. Innovations such as the printing press, for example, showed this. As technology took over the mundane task of handwriting papers, printers now had more time to complete their own duties. This lead to more efficiency as well as more time for newer innovations. This ultimately helps society as a whole, and this is why driverless cars need to become successful.