PHONES & DRIVING

Every single moment you drive, there's a great chance you will crash. The people that are using phones while driving has increased the chance of having an accident greatly. On estimate, each year there are about 1.6 million car accidents caused by cell phone use. In 2009 they banned the use of cell phones while driving. The number of car accidents hasn't gone down very much sense.

That is proof that banning cell phones while driving hasn't slowed down anything. Everyday people are coming up with more and more ways to conceal the usage of there phones without getting caught. There are also drivers who come up with different ways and places to hide their phone so they can text and drive. It's not necessarily the use of the cell phones that caused the accidents, any driver distractions causes the accidents with that being said, the roads didn't get safer when they made the use of phones while driving illegal.

There are many things today that have been invented for drivers to help them use their phones hands free. Bluetooth device with a microphone /speaker that hooks to your ear. However, a study by engadget. com shows that bluetooth use has "declined by 43% to 26% of drivers using then". Bluetooth devices can't make driving any safer if drivers don't use them. You would think they would like easier options.

An sort good option would be to use speaker phone. However, this option is not completely hands free, as it requires the driver to either make an call or answer one. Another option would be to install a phone service available in newer vehicles such as OnStar. To use this option the driver must say the phone number or store the name of the contact you want to call. Which could still be distracting to a driver trying to remember a phone number, rather than concentrating on the road. So no matter how your talking on the phone hands free or not it's never ok to be on your phone while driving.

People really do need to take driving serious. You have no idea how many lives are in your hands. One slight mistake, one distraction can end your life and others in seconds. Just plese try one of these option, it can save millions of lives. Please believe a text or phone call isn't worth anyone's life.    