In the article "Making Mona Lisa smile :" they have a technology called the Facial Action coding system" , this system lets computers idenfy human emotions , this is a very valuable method . This could help students get better grades in class and it could also help the teacher know how the student is feeling so they can help them out if they are depressed or sad or even afraid .

This is a very vaulble system if a kid is afriad maybe somethig is going on at home to make them feel this way the teachers would be able to detect it and get the student the help it needs . In the article it says " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored " this means if the student is confused the teacher would know to maybe take the lesson a little slower and help the kid out or if multiple students look confused she could maybe just go over the lesson all over again.

This system works like a math problem in the text it says " Shes 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted , 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry " You would know all the students feelings right away . Many kids do not ask questions or open up the saddest ones are always the quiet ones. Without this system the kids that have a fear of getting made fun of for rasing there hands to ask a question would never get help . Without this system the kids that are sad and depressed from who knows what would never get the help they need to over come that . Without this system kids that have the fear from maybe getting beat at home or getting bullied from the means kids on the play ground would never be healed , maybe the rate of school shootings would go down because the sad people would not be alone anymore .

This article says the computer can detect " happiness , suprise , anger , disgust, fear and sadness " thats 6 emotions you may never know from just looking at a kid without this technology. It says " Then it could modify the lesson like n fffective hum instructor " the computer would break down a lesson that a student is confused on and help them .

This is the best way to get into a students head and get them the help they need . The " Facial Action Coding System

" should defintley be something put into schools , it would make school a better and safer place . 