The use of Driverless cars is a new and upcominh innovation. The real question though is, are they safe? The world will never now completely because there are a numerous ammount of problems that can occur. Also do they cars place to big of an economic role in the world? The use of driverless cars are unsafe and too exspensive for society.

The first reason of many is, whose fault is it if the car crashes? This is a debate that society will never truly know because there are too many reasons for both sides, The car could be faulty and crash and harm people, or the car will crash because the human operating this car wasn't paying attention at the right moment. The debate is endless and society will have to discover how to judge the situation. In the article it states: "As a result, in most states it is even illegal to test computer-driven cars. California, Nevada, Florida, and the DIstrict of Columbia have led the country in allowing liminted use of semi-autonomous cars" (Driverless Cars Are Coming). This quote states that many states are creating laws about this topic because of the chances of accidents. If driverless cars are being prevented on roads in some states, then why should we take the chance in any other state?

The second reason is that they are just too exspensive. The cars will need to have special sensors to make them a hundred percent safe. This will be too costly and will take a toll in economic debt. The sensors will need to be placed in every road and this will be way too costly. The article sates this about sensors in roads: "These smart-road systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too exspensive to be practical" (Driverless Cars Are Coming). This statement makes a lot of sense especially since the debt is burrying our economy today. Also the other option is to have smart cars with 3D mapping sensors, but these cars will be too costly for many of the Americans today so there will still be accidents occuring. So the real answer to this is that driverless cars are too exspensive.

The third and final reason is will the drivers pay attention still? The cars may be driverless in many situations but the human driver is still needed in certain situations and these situations can be very dangerous. The article states that "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills" (Driverless Cars Are Coming). The impact can be very harmful and dangerous especially if the operater of a car doesn't pay attention when needed. If a driver dozes off because they think they won't need to pay attention then they could possibly run through construction, go around accidents or if the car malfunctions. The drivers will misuse their privliges with these cars and they will not be safe in our society.

The use of driverless cars are unsafe and too exspensive for society. The reasons kisted above state just some of the many reasons why driverless cars would be useless in todays world. The cars are not proved safe yet and they will be too heavily priced for everyone to get one. The use of these cars are useless until they are proven completely safe and they are cost efficient. The real question though is, would you want your parents, kids, or even friends to drive these cars if you knew they are not proven to be 100% malfunction free?   