A growing trend in day to day life that is occuring around the world is "car-free" day. Car-free day has spread in cities and towns around Europe and the Americas to separate suburban life from automobile use. This is benefitial in many ways to the growth, forward movement, and health of towns. So far Europe, Asia, and the Americas have given up car usage for a day, and even given up car usage entirely.

Different cities practice car-free day differently. In Paris, the near-record pollution was at its height. The city participated in car-free day by enforcing a partial driving ban and making people with even numbered license plates leave their cars at home. The following day, the odd numbered liscense plates were confined to home. Any person who didn't follow guidlines and conduct was fined. The congestion of smog in the capital of France decreased by sixty percent. Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals, like Brussels and London. By participating in the car-free day, Paris was able to contribute to cutting down the greenhouse gas emisisions and temporarily fix a few environmental concerns in Paris. Even though they had some effective results, Paris wasn't the only city that participated in the trend.

Across the Atlantic ocean in Bogota, the program allowed Colombians of Bogota to hike, bike, skate, or take public transportation to work. The car-free day left the normally buisy, full and loud streets devoid of traffic jams. The goal to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog was enforced by minor fines. Despite the fact that rain showers were common, it did not stop the people from participating. The people of he town viewed it as a day of taking away stress and lowering ar polution. The day without cars has been part of an improvement campaign since the mid 1990s, and has since been practiced at least one day out of the year. Authorities from countries all around the world have gone to the event and were impressed and some were inspired. Even other cities that are in Colobia have joined the event like Cali and Valledupar.

Back in Europe, the city of Vauban, Germany, has taken place in a permanent car-band. Street parking, driveways, and home garages are nearly forbidden in the experimental and new district of Freiburg. While car ownership is allowed, there are only two places to park. People that live there generally like the way of life in Vauban. Many of them sold their cars just to move there in the first place. The overall feeling of living in a city free of cars seems to lift stress of the people that live there. Therefore, the people are happier and more productive. Vauban is known as the most advanced experiment in attmepts to make suburbs more compact and have a minut number of vehicles. Supermarkets and stores as a result have been moved to a closer distance so that they could be walking distance away. Our development as people over the past century hads been based on the car, and Vauban goes completely against the idea that progress is based off of the car.

Even in America, Obama is ambitious to change the amount of the United States polution. While although cities have yet to participate in car-free day, Citizens are buying fewer cars, driving less, and getting fewer licenses across America each year. This gives researchers the idea that America is passed the peak driving level. American life has been integrated with cars from the time that the Model T was born. As the amount of jobs decrease, people just can not afford to buy cars. People in America have lost the general idea of a car and it's uses. Young adults in college have learned to use other ways of transport like carpooling with a friend, public transportation, or walking to the destination. The amount of people has dropped more than twenty percent and still continues to drop. This incipient stage of American life has implied the idea of alternatives to multiple motored vehicles.

Cities all around the world are deciding to practice their own car free day and are decreasing the use of cars altogether. The practice of car-free day has caused parks to initiate, sidewalks to be prepared repaired, cut traffic, give joy to the people, and overall diminish air polution.    