Advanatges of Limited Car Use

Many people do not rely on their cars to take them places anymore in Vauban, Germany. Vauban's streets are completely "car-free" (Source 1 Paragraph 2). 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars. They are allowed to own cars, but they have to park it at a car garage that they also have to pay for.  Heidrun Walter, a mother of two says, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." These are only a few examples of the advantages of not owning a car or limited car use. Because of this new trend, there are stores, malls, and building closer to people's homes instead of on highways and an hour away. This way, people don't have to walk twenty miles to get to the nearest store.

Another issue that will encourage people to stop driving is smog. In Paris, they enforced a partial driving ban to the clear the air from all the auto-mobiles' gases and pollutic toxins. On Monday, car owners with even-numbered license plates were forced not to drive or they'd suffer a 31 dollar fine.  They same would happen to the odd-numbered licenese plate drivers on Tuesday and so on. People rebelled and reulted in 4,000 driver fines. On the bright side, traffic or congestion was down 60 percent. People can get to their destinations a lot faster without all the traffic and congestion. People can save the planet and their jobs.

Not only can people save the planet and traffic jam, but now they have a reason to exercise and get to their destination in time. They can even plan special family activities on a boring Monday. The residents of Bogota, Columbia have taken this into consideration by avoiding traffic by hiking, biking, skating, or even taking the local bus. There is so many advantages to not using a car as transportation. Everyone can ride their bike to school or work or the mall knowing that there is no added pollution, exercise is done for the day, save money, no traffic. What could be better? Not even rain stopped the residents of Bogota.

Businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza said,  "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," as he rode a two-seat bike with his wife. People saw and took advantage of this opportunity as well and joined the event. People are crossing borders to see this revolutionary change that these people are making. Reconstruction has taken place too on the uneven sidewalks for bikers, and upscale restaurants and stores have moved up.

People also don't have the choice of getting a car, due to unemployment and their balance. Which supports an advantage of saving money. Americans spend for 50 dollars for gas for their cars to last them for just two weeks, or less. Not to mention the car payment each month. What about the people who can't afford car insurance? No one would need to worry about these things if they just forgot about cars and moved everything closer to their homes.

There are many advantages in not owning or using a car. It can save the planet, energize people, people can exercise everyday without coming up with an excuse why they didn't go to the gym or go for a jog. The best advantag is saving money. Another people quite love is the traffic, because there is none! See whats no cars does for you.    