In the story the author presented both sides fairly. He stated the positives and negatives of driverless cars. I belive that driveless cars could soon be a common thing everybody uses.

First thing that might be a big problem is that they use radars and those can cost two hundred million dollars, that right there is a down side. One of the positives of the car it can do is that BMW announced the "Traffic Jam Assistant." The car can go as fast as 25 mph, but you have to keep you're hand's on the wheel. The car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves. It is all design to let the driver know the road ahead requires human skills, such as nabigating through work zones and around accidents. BMW's project manager driver said that it hopes to bring in-car entertainment and information systems. Some of the display can be turned off when the driver must take over. The in-car system is a great safety feature. One of the biggest down fall is the law. The law focus on keeping drivers, passengers, and pedestrians safe. They also said that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. Because of this most states, it is illegal to even test computer-driven cars. Some manufactures believe that even more states will follow as soon as the cars are proven more reliably safe. One of the biggest question is that if the technology fails and someone happens to be injured, who fault is it? Is it the driver or the manufacturer? I believe it would be the drivers fault because it was there fault they decide try to have a driveless car. This is one reason many people won't want to buy those type of cars. Even thought it has a big problem it can also be use for good things. Google cofounders said he can foresees they the cars will use half the fuel of today's taxi and is far more flecibiloty than a bus. Everybody wants to save money of gas so everybody would want to own one. He also stated that the cars would change the world. Another good thing is that if you're running late and you don't know that fastest way to get there, you can get you're car to drive you there while the car is taking the fastest way. If you are on a road trip and you been driving for six hours stright, you might get board of driving. So that's when you activate the car to drive by it's self, instead of stopping and taking a break and take long on the trip. If the car is driving when you're taking a break, then you will get to you're desination faster. But that could still be a while before we can do that. Driverless cars have a lot to work on before that can truly happen.

What to I think about driverless cars? I believe they can become a everyday thing we use. The only thing few thing stopping use from that is money and the law. Once we can get the more to start making these and we make a driveless-car that can meet the requirements, then we can start pumping out these cars that everbody would want to have. Just by nameing a few thing they could possibly do, is making everybody want to have one. 