Phones and Driving

In the united states cell phones while driving has been a big issue. Several laws have been passed to prevent people from using cellphones while driving and limit using the phones while in a vehicle. The Nation safety council reports the people using cell phones while driving leads up to nearly 2 million crashes a year. And almost 400,000 injuries occur from crashes in a year. Texting and driving should be illegal because the crash rates of using a mobile phone while driving almost triple.

People consider drunk driving to be more dangerous than texting while driving. The chance of an accident while using a mobile phone is six times bigger than the chance a DUI accident. It is said that in 2018 the safest way to use a cell phone while driving would be to attach it to the radio system or another suitable hands-free device via Bluetooth. Using the microphone on a phone while driving is illegal, even if it is not actually being held by the driver.

Even though using a cell phone in a vehicle via Bluetooth is safer than holding the phone, it isn't completely safe. While the distraction is smaller using the microphone could still cause an accident and the driver would take responsibility in court. Its suggested that a person should just simply postpone calls until you arrived at where ever your destination was. The statistics show that younger drivers are four times more likely to cause a road accident due to using a phone.

Statistics in 2019 show the 80% of the teens use cellular devices while in a vehicle. In the past few years rates of car accidents have increased extremely. People even ignore new implemented laws that have been put in place to ban using phones while driving. It is suggested that parents should also avoid calling their teens while he or she is driving. Instead ask to be called before leaving and after arriving at the destinations. Teens may always feel compelled to answer a parent call if received and that could be a big issue.             