Must be nice to stay at home all day instead of waking up early in the morning to get ready to go school, right?

Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by the way of online or video conferencing. Some individuals may believe that this may benefit students more than attending a traditional schools, while others disagree with this issue. I do not think students would benefit from online classes from home because it takes away one on one learning opportunities, it is easier to get distracted at home, and it takes away from unique experiences.

Taking courses online rather than sitting in a classroom with a teacher takes away one on one learning opportunities. It is more likely that a scholar would learn more from listening and speaking with a teacher than completing tasks and assignments online. Students who attend a traditional school get the benefit of working with a teacher individually, aside from scheduled classes. They also have the choice of coming in before school or after school to get extra help from a teacher individually.

Students who are learning from home have more distractions around them. When an individual is trying to be successful with completing work, that is more likely to be done in a working environment rather than a bed with a TV right across. There are many more distractions at home than there are in school, making it harder to focus and allowing the student to be less motivated to do work. This could lead to students falling behind. In a classroom setting, students are able to learn to keep up with their work and become more organized.

Being home schooled takes away experiences that you can only experience in traditional schools. These unique experiences make great memories which last a lifetime. Fun and exciting events like school dances, sporting events, pep rallies, and spirit weeks can only be experienced at traditional schools. Students who take classes from home will miss out on these iconic traditions that most students will get the opportunity to experience. School is not only about how well you are doing academically, but also how much you are engaged socially.

Students who are home schooled have a lot of disadvantages compared to students who are not. They miss out on one on one learning, there are many more distractions at home, and they don't get to live through the amazing experiences at school. Some may argue that online school may be more beneficial for students who prefer to go at their own pace or don't have enough time in the day to attend eight hours of school. In the real world, however, people who are able to keep up with faster paced settings are more likely to get hired than someone who is not, as well as someone who is available more often than someone who is not. 