Summer break is all about fun and hanging out with friends. But it is important for students to continue to learn during this period. The smallest things can help students continue their education during break. This task can be made possible if students could design their own projects rather than relying on the teachers. The summer projects should not be teacher-designed because instructors control class and projects during the school year. One project that is student-designed will give the students a turn to control the expectations and rubric. If students could manage and design their own projects, it would give them an opportunity to create something that expresses their interests while enjoying their summer break.

When students are let out of school for summer break they are looking forward to the time off from school. The warm weather makes it fun to hang out with friends outdoors and go swimming. But if teachers were create and design a project for students to complete then that would be taking the fun out of summer break. It would be a hassle for students to be required to complete a teacher-designed project rather than the students designing the requirements and topic for the project. If the students have to take time out their summer to complete a project then it should designed by them. During the entire school year students are required to complete assignments at their instructors expense. Students are in school for more than half of the year, it is important that they can enjoy their lengthy summer break without being controlled by their teachers. If the students are required to complete a project during their summer break then it should be designed by the students. Summer break is meant to give students time to relax from stressful, hefty homework. It would be unfair to students if they were required to complete a project that was teacher-designed due to the importance for students to experience a stress-free break rather than worrying about due dates for assignments and tests.

Summer work is no fun for any student. It will be hard to convince any student to continue their education during their summer break because summer is all about no homework or projects. A way around that issue is giving the students a chance to complete the project at their own pace and interest. Any summer projects or assignments for students should be based around their interest rather than teachers interest. During the summer students will be busy having fun with friends, going on vacation or enjoying their time off from school. If a teacher assigns students an assignment or project that is not appealing, the chances of the students putting 100% effort into the project is slim. Also, the chances of students actually completing a teacher-based project efficiently is slim as well. But, if it was a student-designed project, the completion rate would skyrocket due to the fact the students would actually want to do the summer work. It will be hard for students to motivate and push themselves to complete a project if it is boring. Teacher-design summer work would be unfair to students that would like to control their education and topic. Projects and assignments based on the students interest would exemplify better work ethic and dedication. It is important for students to continue learning during the summer, but it should be learning based on their interests and goals rather than any teacher.

It would not be a good decision to let students design and control their own summer projects or assignments because it is important students are learning the correct material necessary for class. It would be pointless for students to complete a summer assignment or project if it was not based on the school's curriculum. A teacher-designed project would be more beneficial for the students than allowing the students to design their own project, The instructors are aware of the things the students will be required to learn during the school year. If the teachers would be allowed to control the summer work then it would give the students a head start on the upcoming material in their classes. Overall, the teacher's should control the requirements and rubric for the summer work because the students would learn things that are related to school rather than researching things that are irrelevant to anything they would be exposed to during the school year.

Moreover, students should be given the freedom to choose any topic for their summer work rather than letting the teachers design the projects. Summer is about free time and preparing for the next school year to come. But, if students had to worry and stress about a difficult, teacher-deigned project then it would be sucking the fun out of summer break. It would be unfair for teachers to require students to complete an assignment based on the instructors expectations. It would be easier for students to show their hobbies and interests through a project that they would enjoy rather than letting the instructor choose. 