The Benefits of Extracurricular Activities by Generic_Name

Some people think that extracurricular activities are a waste of time and energy. However, in my eyes, that couldn't be any further from the truth. There are plenty of extracurricular activities out there to try. You could join a sports team, try out for the school play, work in the yearbook committee, or join the student council. All of these activities have plenty of benefits: you can meet new people, learn something new, and you can have some fun.

The first benefit I found of extracurricular activities is that they can help you meet new people. If you join an extracurricular activity it's extremely likely you'll meet at least one new person there. Plus, if they joined the same activity as you, you two at least have that one thing in common. That one thing in common can lead to more things in common which could lead to a great friendship. Friends are always great to have and extracurricular activities are excellent ways to make friends.

The second benefit I found of extracurricular activities is that you can learn something new. The extracurricular activity you join is most likely going to be something you like to do, so by participating in this activity you can learn how to do that something or do that something even better. If you become more skilled at something you can do it more easily and more often. If it's something you like you won't get bored of doing it over and over again as easily as with something you don't like. Also, it's great to be able to brag to your friends about learning a new skill.

The third and final benefit I found of extracurricular activities is that they're just something fun to do. The extracurricular activity you do is most likely going to be related to something you like, so you'll be able to have fun doing it. You can also get better at this thing you like which is always a nice bonus. Additionally, it gives you something fun to do if you're bored after school and have nothing else going on. It's hard to complain about an activity when it involves something you like.

In conclusion, extracurricular activities have plenty of good benefits. They can help you meet possible new friends, they can help you learn something new, and they can give you something fun to do. Now that you know the benefits I found on extracurricular activities, why not join one or two? You might end up having a good time with it. 