Some school offer distances learning as an option for student to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. I think student would not be benefit if they had distances learning. Many student would not focused during the lesson they would just do whatever they want so they won't learn as much as if they had a teacher. If student had online classes they would not get the attention necessary if they need help.

Some student often have a bad day so they often don't pay attention and they just don't do the work that is assigned to them. they often just search the answer without learning but they think that's okay because no one is watching them. Many of them don't learn the subject but still somehow they passed the class. Other Important, reason why student won't benefit from online classes is that the may have some big problem in their life and they need someone to talk to but their one home so they feel sad, but if they were in school they can talk to a teacher,coach,counselor, or any other they feel happy to talk too. Other student may be sad they don't have someone to talk too.

Online classes don't benefit students because they don't have the help they need. When student take online they can paid someone to do their work, and pretend that they did the work. One reason they can ask their brother to the work for them so they are not really learning anything. Other example, student may request some extra help but they won't get it because they don't a teacher with them. so they just don't understand but when it comes to do the text they failed. Other example might be that they are having family problem so they won't do the online classes. And they would not be focus. Having online classes won't help student in their life. one example is that they won't have friends and when they go to the real world they are going to have trouble talking to people because they don't know how too. Other important reason why school should not have online classes is that many student need to talk to a counselor for that they want to be when they grow up. and most. Most counselor guide their student the right way they teach the career we want to have in our life. but they take online classes they don't have the opportunity to chat with them.

When students get video conferencing they don't really understand because something the video don't really explain what the student want to learn. one reason is the student might feel lazy to replay the video so he does not understand. and if he was at school teacher would help them with all their work . School should not have video conferencing.

Student are going to feel bad when they get older that they took online classes.. one reason they going to feel bad is that they did not enjoy high school life. let's Image if a student was really good at soccer or any other sport and if they had played high school they could of get a scholarship, and maybe become one of greatest,

but they did'it because they were talking online classes. school should not have online classes because it take the right of student in playing high school sport.

Overall, student would not benefit from online classes. they won't learn that much at home, and student need the attention to do work, they also need people to help them with their work. In my personal option school should not have online classes or video conferencing. Student are going to have a better knowledge if they go to school and, they work with teacher. School should let student enjoy take their high school life and not have online classes.