Is the Electoral College really benificial? According to "What Is the Electoral

College?" the founding fathers established it in the the constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. but, are those "qualified citizens" really qualified? And is

The Electoral College really helpful? Or should voters be allowed to vote directly? The

Electoral College should be changed to election by popular vote.

What makes a citizen really "qualified"? Electors are anyone not holding public office.

Also voters cannot always control who their electors are voting for. Sometimes voters get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate. According to," Source 2: The

Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong",

back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the

Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F Kennedy. Plus in other situations other electors have ocasionally refused to vote for their party's canidate and cast a deciding vote for whom they choose.

Is the Electoral College really helpful? At times it can be unfair to voters. Acording to

Source 2 : The Indefensible Electoral College" because of the winner-take-all system in each state, canidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During the 2000 campaign,

seventeen states didn't see the canidates at all , and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad. In addition to that, due to the electoral college a canidate could win the popular vote but lose the presidency.

Voters should be allowed to vote directly. According to Source 2, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now. If voters were allowed to vote directly then they wouldn't have to sit in wonderment of whether or not the canidate they like will be voted for by the elector. Also, voters would have more freedom of choosing who they like as a canidate for president.

Thus, the electoral college is unfair and wrong. Electors cannot always be trusted,due to them choosing who they please, also canidates can all together lose the role of presidency,

and finally the majority of voters prefer a direct election. The Electoral College is out of date and should be updated. So listen to Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, and the

US Chamber of Commerce and abolish the Electoral College.                               