When people want or need advice on a situation, we tend to ask multiple people. But why do we want several opinions? People always want to hear more than one person's advice, so they can hear different stories or get different information, because the knowledge and experience one person has might be more helpful than last person's. Whether it is regarding the medical field, negative relationships, Which college to go to, or finding which Mexican restraunt is the best, there is always someone to ask with more experience, there could always be a better way, and seeking multiple opinions can definitely help you make the right decision.

A common reason that people ask several people for advice is different knowledge or education. Let's say you feel sick at school, so you go to the school clinic. The small office you walk into smells like Lysol wipes and empty dreams. after taking your temperature, the nurse gives you a ice pack, says you have a cold and tells you to ask your parent to buy cold medicine. You feel very sick though and you know it isn't from a cold. You decide to get a second opinion, when you get home, you ask your mom to drive you to the doctor. She drives you to the doctor's office and when you get inside you wait in the waiting room for about twenty minutes. When your name is called, the doctor asks you questions about how you feel and then she looks in your eyes, ears, throat and nose. Then she takes your temperature and listens to your breath. She diagnoses you with pneumonia and you go home with a antibiotic. If you hadn't gotten a second opinion you could have gotten very sick, and even spread it to others at school. Because of the second opinion you got from someone with a better education in the medical field, you were able to be cured and stop yourself from going to school and getting classmates sick.

A person also tends to ask several people for advice because of the contrasting personal experiences they had. My friend and I both had different experiences with two girls who were occasionally fun, but usually very petty and dramatic. The four of us had been a friend group together for almost two years, when they started getting far too sensitive to anything possibly offensive without a chance of forgiveness. My friend ended up leaving the group because he could not handle all the fighting anymore. I stayed for another year until they kicked me out, saying that their feelings do not mean enough to me. The last thing that they ever said to me on our group text message was, "ask the wizard for a heart.'' My friend and I both regretted the decisions we made. When he left the group, he had no other friends so he was usually lonely. He said being sad alone is worse than being sad in company. But I wish I had left earlier because I am a very introverted person and it is rare that I

find anyone I am even willing to talk to. I wish I left earlier so I would not be so close with them, so I would care much less about the loss of our friendship. If someone were to ask me and my friend for advice on a friend group like this one, I would say leave and he would say stay. The experiences we had are the things that make our advice more valuable than the advice of someone speaking only from preference.

Preference and opinion are also reasons why people ask for advice from many others. Some people treat asking for advice like it is a vote. If somebody was going to a party and she had a blue dress and a red dress, but couldnt decide which one to wear, she would probably ask several friends. The girl would then wear the dress with the most votes. Opinions matter a lot to some people and even if the girl ended up liking the red dress best, If the majority of people like the blue one better, she would probably still wear blue. However, opinion varies and can not be counted on like education and experience can be. The mindsets and preference of others change the advice they give. Another way you can benefit from asking many people's advice is because it helps avoid bias. For example, if you were asking for advice on which girl to ask to a dance, the blonde or the brunette, and you asked your friend who has a brunette girlfriend, he would probably say brunette. Or if you wanted advice on what type of pet to get, a dog or a cat. Your friend who owns a dog would say to get a dog, because its his preference. That is bias. To avoid that, people ask for multiple opinions. So that not everyone they ask owns a dog, or has a brunette girlfriend.

There are multiple times in life where people need advice, the benefits that have been listed in this essay are just a few reasons why the common instinct of asking several people for advice is so beneficial. When you have a problem that you need some advice on, think about the things said in this essay. Hopefully everything said about preference, opinion, education and experience helped you learn that there are many benefits to asking for advice from several people.