Does student really benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Students wouldn't benefit from being able to attend classes from home because I once had a friend who attended classes from home she never did what she was suppose to do she took that as an advantage to do other things that she needed to do she didn't benefit at all. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they take advantage of it, they don't do what their suppose to do, and they don't learn nothing.

First of all, student take the advantage of attending classes from home to do other things that they need to do. For example turning in stuff late that were long due, not all student that attend classes from home take it as an advantage but those who do they just take more advantage just to have fun and not do the work that they are suppose to be doing. Another thing is they will always try to come up with an excuse of why they didn't do the assignment that they were suppose to do. They take advantage of the time they have to go out with friends to party, to hang out with their boyfriend, and to do other things that are non-school related.

Most importantly, they don't do what their suppose to do, when they get an assignment or project that their suppose to do they just act lazy and not do it cause they know nobody for example, like their teacher wont be telling them to do the work. They will spend most of their time doing other stuff instead of the work that they need to be done with. Students will spend more time partying, hanging with their friends instead of actually doing the work that they need to do which will actually help them later on. Most students actually know the stuff they just preferred not to do any of the work cause they don't feel like doing it.

Finally, The students actually don't learn nothing by attending classes from home all they do is just party, hang out with their friends and boyfriend. They actually don't do any of the work that they are assign to do they just cheat by copying it off of someone or get the answers from the internet. Most student they attend classes from home as an opportunity to have fun and to take a break from school, they literally will learn nothing cause all they do is play around when they are suppose to take things seriously they just want to party all day long and not care about any of the stuff that they are suppose to be studying.

In closing, students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they take advantage of it to do other things that they need to do, they don't do what their suppose to do they don't do their work as suppose to do, and they don't learn nothing all they do is party, hang out with their friends and boyfriend they don't do none of the things that they are assign to do.                                   