Phones and Driving

Today, the majority of people own and operate cell phones on a daily basis. Many debate on whether people should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Over time, the usage of cell phones has increased drastically. Fatal accidents cause an unwanted feeling in the end. Using your cell phone while operating a vehicle puts other drivers in harm's way. This can be prevented with the simple creation of car gadgets or simply putting your phone on do not disturb or just shut it off.

In my opinion, phone usage in any capacity of moving vehicles should be prohibited. A one minute text or even just being on your phone is not worth your life or anyone else's. According to "Bran Law Firm", Almost 200,000 people die from fatal injuries every year. This is equivalent to about one person every three minutes. National averages report about 37,000 crash-related fatalities every year. This breaks down to about 101 deaths per day in the United States. When you are driving a vehicle your main goal is to focus on the roads, and everything going on around you.

Many accidents in America are caused by teens and bad drivers. Amongst accidents, an average of nine teens ages 16-19 are killed every day from motor vehicle injuries. 2,739 drivers ages 15-20 are killed and an additional 228,000 are injured in crashes. A total of 4,054 teens between the ages of 13-19 die in car accidents. 81% of teens killed in car accidents are passengers. There are many ways to prevent Teen accidents or accidents in general. Enrolling in driving school, it creates great practice from someone who has amazing driving skills. Don't ever drive drowsy, being sleepy can impair their judgment, vision, hand-eye coordination and reaction times as much as alcohol and drugs. A study by AAA and the National Sleep Foundation found that individuals (regardless of age) who've slept two hours or less within 24 hours shouldn't be driving at all, and four or five hours of sleep in 24 hours will still leave drivers "substantially impaired."

Today there are many gadgets that can help the decrease in accidents. On Instamotor it discusses 5 best gadgets to comply with hand-free driving. One gadget is "Scosche Magic Mount". These very inexpensive mounts are available in a variety of attachment methods, from adhesive dash mounts to windshield suction cups, to adjustable arm mounts, and more. The best part of the Magic Mount is that it uses strong magnets to securely hold any phone to its surface. We've road-tested these mounts ourselves over thousands of miles and find them to be plenty secure even over rough roads. Despite the firm grip, the Magic Mount is typically small and unobtrusive, so it won't look like a small robot is trying to steal your car when it's not in use.

Another useful gadget is called the "Motorola Roadster Pro In-Car Speakerphone". If you really don't like the idea of having to pull your phone out of your pocket or purse every time you get into the car to secure it to your dash or windshield, however, and you don't have Bluetooth hands-free calling integrated into your car's audio system, there is another class of gadgets that will serve you well: the two-way Bluetooth in-car speakerphone. These devices typically clip to your sun visor, though some mount to other locations, and act as a traditional office speakerphone, except that they're linked to your cell by Bluetooth, and they're in your car. This means even cars without integrated Bluetooth can have the comfort and convenience of hands-free calling without ever touching your phone at all.

To conclude, always pay attention to the road and do not use your cell phone. If you do so try having something that can easily attach to the glass window especially if its a phone call, try putting your phone on do not disturb next time you enter your car, and always remember that a text that can be sent in seconds it not worth death. How do you think you would be able to drive a car, focus on the roads, and still be able to use your phone         