Would you like to be forced to do something you don't want to do? Of course not, students should not be forced to participate in extracurricular activities if they don't want to. We need to stand up for student rights, they should have the choice if they want to do activities or not. There are many reasons to support this like, the cost of essential items, students not having a way home, and most importantly most kids have to take care of younger siblings and wouldn't have time.

Firstly, forcing students to do after school activities is not fair, and neither is the price to pay for it. The average cost for sports equipment if five hundred dollars, and most families can't pay that. Lets say your child decides to not do a sport and chooses to be on student council, and they have a meeting at 7:00 in the evening, someone is gonna have to take them, so there goes at least thirty dollars in gas money. So do yourself and your kids a favor and be against it.

Secondly, if your child has to do an after school activity, they must get home somehow. Most parents don't get off work till six o-clock, and lets say your kids practice ends at five o-clock, or maybe even four o-clock, your child would be alone at school for more than an hour, and thats a long time. No child should have to be alone for that long and doing something they don't want to do.

Lastly, if your child has younger siblings and they have to take care of they after school, they wont have time for other activities. Generic_Name is a fourteen year old girl and has a three year old sister named Generic_Name . Every day she comes home and plays with her, feeds her, and gives her everything she needs while mom is at work. If Generic_Name has to stay after school for an activity, what would Generic_Name do? This was the most important reason, kids just don't have time.

In conclusion, we can all agree that students should not be forced to do after school activities, the cost is to much, they may not have a way home and they might hot have time because of younger siblings to take care of. Don't let someone force your kid to do an activity they don't want to do. Next time your at a parents meeting for your kids school and the principle asks for who is against all students being forced to do an extracurricular activity, raise your hand for the sake of you and your loving, passionate kid.    