Dear reader,

Well i am here to talk to you about changing the school policy so only b pint average students can participate in sports.

First I think that would be unfair to all the people that are trying there hardest and they cant do any better than a c point average because of course it is fair to have it at a c point average because it is not so high and plus it has always been c point average. What would you tell the people that cant play anymore "oh I'm sorry but we randomly changed the grade thing". How do you think that will make them feel to understand that the team they have been on for there whole high school/middle school career on has decided that they don't want them anymore.

Second what are you going to do when some kids can't even live up to your high expectations some kids are struggling to get a c-point average just so they can play sports. Here are the facts that if you take it from the c-average students and they were struggling just to make that work they will stop working that hard because they were trying for something they love not for nothing you have to make in the reach of the kids that are struggling because if they struggle just to keep that c they will not even try anymore they will fail and that will not look good on your schools records it will be terrible feedback and i am sure less parents will want there children at your school if a lot of them are failing.

Third what are you going to do when there aren't even enough kids to make a sports team what are you going to do then you are going to move down the grade average from were you just moved it up from or you are going to have to cut that sport which would it be. You and i both know that this would be a bad idea from the start sure there might be some kids that try harder but they would be pushing themselves way to hard and that would get stress and that would mean more trouble for teachers when a students just snaps from it. Plus why put yourself through the trouble there will be tons of students complaining and what would the parents do when they learn that there child cant do this because i know i would be mad because there are so many children that don't deserve this and you know it but for your sake i hope you realize that before it is to late for your school to redeem itself. But as i might say it is your decision not mine but for the sake of your school and the children i just hope you are making the right one. Have a nice day.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME

p. s - I hope you know what the right decision will be at the end of all this because even you as a principle will see how hard it will be to control your school if and after you go through with this. This will not and never be the way a school should be run and you know that so as i have said before have a nice day and make the correct choices or everything could fall down with this idea and you.