Driverless cars are a good inovention for the future. Driverless cars can help effect safety,traffic, and the polution in the air. Driverless cars could help communities and the economy in many ways.

Driverless cars could change the way people commute. As driverless cars begin to come in play, less people will have to drive their own car. As many people know, tons people get into accidents everyday because of the people behind the wheel making harmful decisions, if driverless cars were put out on the roads there would be less traffic accidents because there would not be people behind the wheel who are reckless and causing these accidents to occur. Driverless cars alert the drive when needed or when about to come into contact with something therfore these cars will help reduce the effects of human error and give more reaction time to the human in the passenger side.

This could also shorten the amount of people taking the bus to the places they need to go, which would make the polution problem a way less common thing. Also, lots of people with disablities can not drive, with the help of a driverless car those people could get to the places they need to go instead of someone else driving them or them not being able to go at all.

Driverless cars would also just provide convience to the world. Lots of people dread the drive to work everyday or a long drive to Disney, but with driverless cars they would not have to drive there. They could sit and relax and not have to worry about making a traffic accident because of them being tired behind the wheel.

The factories making these cars would need more help. Thus, bringing in more jobs for the people and making the economy stronger. This could also bring in money by the people who want these cars because of the convience of them. Driverless cars could lead to more advancements in technology to help driving become safer which would bring in more money for the economy. The invention of the driverless car could be something that impacts the society and world in a new and modern way

Driverless cars could impact our society in many ways and boost the economy. These cars could change someones life between life and death. There would be less accidents making the health and living rate higher. People with disablties would now be able to drive and live their lifes freely like should always of been. Finally, it will not only help the lifes of humans but it will help the Earth by giving off less polution and by people traveling in less polution dense vehicles which would better the world.             