Phones & Driving Essay : Credit Recovery

Driving and Cellular Devices have been improved from their first appearances to now. Wherever an urban or even a rural location takes place, cars and phones will be found. Which also means that the two can be used together and that becomes a horrible decision. Phones and Cars shouldn't be used together. A recipe for disaster, it's hard enough focusing on the road and watching others around drive on the same road due to keeping attention for one's surroundings for safety. Adding a cellular device to the equation makes paying attention more difficult for anyone in a vehicle and everyone near the area.

Cellular Devices have a good and bad reputation, depending on the topic surrounding it. However, when using a phone in moving vehicle, it tends to lean toward the bad reputation area. Cell phones should be banned from being used on the road. It takes the driver's attention span off the road and into the phone, causing them to divide their attention to whatever is on the screen rather than whatever is on the road which can cause an accident. Dividing one's attention between cell phones and the road can be as bad as a drunk driver. Going home without risking a life or causing an accident is an appulade motion for the person behind the wheel and others doing the same in other vehicles.

Accidents that have been caused by using a cellular devices, can go from a minor accident such as bumping to someone actually dying. Losing a life over something that could have been prevent is frustrating. The users of cell phones while driving has been around the ages of 16-24 that have been known for being in accidents that involved an phone ( the National Occupant Protection Use Survey). The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year. Which would make out that 1 out of every 4 car accidents that has happened in the United States is caused by texting and driving (edgarsnyder). The statistics alone should prove enough information that a distracted driver is a safety hazard to others on the road. No matter the age, anyone can be involved in an accident if not paying enough attention due to cellular devices

In majority of car accidents, driving while using a cell phone is what causes most of them. It's gotten to the point that certain states in america have passed laws to stop using a cellular device while driving. Though, some states have alter the punishments depending on age and the situation and some states have benefit for only using phones for GPS. Regards of what is happening, phones shouldn't be used for safety reasons. In Georgia, the state has a law that makes holding a phone illegal while driving. Georgia is the 16th state to pass the hand-free law. Reading from a phone and recording videos on the device is banned from being used (Governor's office of highway safety). Having the law give restrictions on texting,calling and even using the cellular device can help better drivers focusing on keeping the attention on the vehicles on the road.

Driving while distracted can cause problems that can become unsolvable. Protecting yourself and other drivers around the vehicle while driving on the road is already dangerous enough if not paying attention to one's surroundings. Taking away the use of a mobile device while inside a vehicle is a smart plan in protecting someone's life. It can prevent life risking accidents from occuring, takes away distractions off the road, and stopping self harm because you can cause harm to yourself and not only others around you. Plus, the bill for car insurance won't go up because it wouldn't be a bill to pay. Fortmore, not using a phone in the car while in the driver's seat is just a smart decision, let the other passengers in the vehicle do the phone work instead. Your life isn't the only one at risk of the cell phone, put it up to save yourself from being in an accident.   