Someone seeking for multiple opinions could have a lot of different meanings behind it. Someone could be doing it for fun. Others could be doing to practice being a reporter when they grow up. Others could be doing it for a school project. Point is, there are a plethra of reasons people could be seeking opinions. Here's why.

All humans have a curious aspect to there personalities. One way people love to express that is by asking questions 24/7. And this would benefit anyone that ask questions because when you ask questions, you get an answer. And when you get an answer, that is something new that you now know. And when you learn something that you never knew before, your knowledge increases. In other words: when you learn something knew, you get smarter and you can increase your skill set. That is why it's so important to ask questions. Because not only are you learning about something new, but once you learn that new thing, you are able to so much more in life and build many qualities as a person.

Another reason people could be asking questions for opinions is that opinions can sometimes be facts. The people that ask questions for opinions are probably looking for multiple answers so he or she may be able to figure out what they need to figure out. But first, that person would need to divide these opinions apart. Then once they are divided apart into groups, that person will decide which opinions make more sense. Which ever opinions make sense the most is probably the right answer and/or fact.

Another reason someone would want multiple opinions is because they want to practice on what they want to be when they grow up. A lot of jobs involve asking a bunch of questions, so it only makes sense that this is a reason of why people ask for multiple opinions. For example, interviewer is a big one. Their whole job revolves around asking questions. Same with journalists. Only difference is that they tend to travel all around the world. Don't even get me started on therapists. Usually therapy revolves around one person. But in this case, I'm talking about couples and family therapy. Cause in this case, there are multiple people in one session.

Another reason someone could be looking for multiple opinions is because they're looking for advice. Now what they are seeking advice about is very hard to tell because there are so many things people could ask for advice about. This would be because you sometimes come across something that you're not to sure about, but that's normal cause everybody does. And the most likely thing a person would do is ask multiple people or one person for advice and let them decide for that person.

This reason is a little different from all the other reasons because this one revolves around school. The next reason of why people ask for multiple opinions is that they might have to for a school project. More than likely, the project would be in science because that's the class you get the most projects. So you would have to ask questions to get opinions and see which opinions were right.

In conclusion, there are a varieity of reasons people ask for multiple opinions. It could be about personal stuff, art stuff, school stuff, pretty much anything really. Point is, people ask for a lot of opinions. And its a good thing to. Because without opinions, we wouldn't be where we were today in the world.