IF DRIVERS SHOULD OR SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO USE CELL PHONE WHY DRIVING

Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become a key part of our lives. People use their cell phones for just about everything such as: texting, talking, schedule planning, int ernet surfing, etc. Sometimes we can even do two or more of theset hings at the same t ime. Unfortunately, people are also choosing the wrong time to be using their cell phones: while they are driving. As a society, we have become so focused on how much we can do at one t ime that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can' t put down our cell phones.

Using a handheld cell phone while driving is dangerous to the drive r themselves for a couple of good reasons. When driving, sometimes it is difficult to focus on t he road which makes it easy to forget that the roads are shared by everyone and not for your exclusive use. Other drivers on the road take notice of drivers on their cell phoneswhether they want to or not because of the hazards they creat e. Err atic driving is something that we all get quite worked up about, especially if it makes us late or is otherwise a direct inconvenience to us.

As scott Clark, veteran web business strategist and the owner of the consult ancy

BuzzM aven Labs, says " [He] came wit hin inches of a bad accident because of a young driver being on the phone and crossing three lanes of t ra ffic at 45 mph." Drivers are also tailgating you because of, again, the inability to maintain a constant speed because they are on the phone. Clark warns of the rusty red Camaro (tailgating) the minivan full of kids." Drivers who use cell phones while driving are also highly dangerous to pedestr ians.

Furthermore, there are number of traditional ways that distracts driver's attention.

They include talking to passengers, lighting and smoking a cigarette, eating, drinking etc. It is pertinent to mention that attention of driver distracted through cell phones means driving and communicating at the same time that increases threats to safety. Drivers has also to operate both, vehicle and cell phone, simultaneously, that also distract attention leading to dangerous accidents, and in some cases resulting in death of driver and passengers. In other words, cell phones reduce driver's performance.

Drivers demonstrates comparatively slower braking responses and also had low awareness of other traffic flowing through the roads ignoring their presence concentrating more on cell phones and less on roads as how other drivers are behaving. Different studies have reported hundreds of deaths during a year because of using cell phones during driving. It can be concluded that despite an effective way of communication, using cell phones during driving distracts attention of driver increasing road safety concerns.   