Almost every American has a car. Just go outside and look at your neighborhood.. I'm almost positive if you were to look everyone woukd have a car except for maybe 1 or 2.. The car is in our everyday use basically.. It helps us get to work, run aarons, take kids to school, etc. Now you may seem like theres only 1 risk of being in a car, but believe it or not.. When your car is on and running you're hurting the air.. Now I know the air doesn't have feelings! But logically you're hurting the air and yourself. America should limit car usage for simple reasons like air pollution, car accidents, and lazyness. These are the things we should focus on when we're in our cars or when we talk about saftey because all those reasons fall into that category. Small changes would be nice and helpful here. It reduce alot of problems we have, and stress.

To kick this off, limiting the usage of cars would reduce the amout of air pollution that we are surrounded in now. Think about it millions of cars on and running everyday, sometimes if you look closely thers black gas coming out of the exhaust pipe.. And you're breating that? Out of millions of cars where do you think all those fumes go? they don't just dissapear! We're breating it! sure you might say "So if im breathing it doesn't that mean i should be dead?!" no.. that's not the case.. Yes it's bad for you but it hurts the earth mostly the gases break apart the atmosphere we have around to block other fumes from other places out. Think of the earth as a hamster in a ball.. The hamster is the earth and the ball is out atmosphere. The holes in the ball are the holes made from the gases that are released from our cars. This could let any type if gas in. In places like China there's a huge problem caused by all the cars.. it's called smog. Think of fog all over the place but its black and smells really bad. Not only that but it's really bad for you. You may think why don't we have that here? Well China is the most populated country in the world and almost everyone has a car. China is a pretty busy place you'd imagine because of all the people. Well you're right.. All the fumes coming out of those cars cause all that smog to contaminate everything there. Like water, animals, food, and even you! It's very bad. China needs to limit the usage of their cars in order to stop problems like that because it can effect everything around them. We should start worrying about the smog aswell because America is a pretty big place and all the busy cars can cause something similar to a smog, it may not be as big bu it will still cause damage. With all this said hopefully you understand what air pollution does and how we can reduce it.

Moving along, Car accidents is a very big thing everywhere it causes thousands of deaths and injuries. We can stop all of it if we can limit the car usuage. you may say "We can also just stop teens from driving.." well yeah you can do that but how will they learn for themselves? Small rules metioned in the article are very interesting like cars with even licence plates were allowed to drive on mondays for example, and cars who drove with odd licence plates were fined for not obeying the law. On Tuesdays it would be the same but for odd licence plates. I think if this rules was implemented atleast 2 times a week it would help reduce the amout of accidents. There wouldn't be asmuch cars and it will be alot safer for people to drive. Sadly in alot of accidents they are fatal in highways, just imagine hundrends of thousands of cars driving in 3-4 lanes, you hit a car and it will obivously start a big problem from there. Think of it like dominos stacked in a line you knock one down and it just starts all tumbling in order. Yeah some cars avoid it but not always. The less the cars the less the accidents. Altough this is off topic but limiting the amout of cars on a freeway or highway per hour will limit the amout of accidents aswell. Back to the point, America needs to do something about the cars or it will just keep happening the more the drivers the more the danger out in the roads and highways. Hopefully this helped you understand more about the limiting of car use a little more.

We're almost there, how ever we should stop revolving our selves around our car. If you live 10 minutes away from a supermarket or small convienience store just walk there.. You're just wasting money and polluting the air driving there.. A bike is a great way to get there you go decently fast, you don't get tired as much and it's a good exercise. We should stop getting to lazy because it is affecting both us and the earth very negatively. I would understand if you're in a hurry but seriously.. If you're 10-20 minutes walking distance why not just walk there.. You don't only exercise in the gym, get some fresh air outside.. well partially fresh air.. Yeah you get the point.. We need to get our butts up and walk places because our car isn't our only source of transportation! It's not just hurting you! Don't forget your purse or wallet! Because it has a big impact on that to with the gas prices going all over the place right now. Something people don't see when they're driving there car is what there doing to the enviornment, yeah i've mentioned it many times but it something we really need to look at because it effects your health tremendously. If you actually take the time to walk or bike to where ever you want it feels nice to actually walk and stretch your muscles out. We need more car reduced communities so that we don't just use our cars all day to get to places not to far away.

To conclude, we need to start limiting the usage of cars in order to reduce alot of problems in our enviornment. Most of our enviornmental problems revolve around something we use everyday which is the car. Problems such as air pollution, car accidents, and lazyness. These things just don't effect you, if effects everyone including the envornment. This is something we should look out for ecause it is a very negative thing we have. Mainly air pollution because that affects everything.. And i mean everthing... Food, water, animals, plants, and even you.. So we all should look out for this and be a bt more responsible. We need more laws to help reduce the amount of smog and greenhouse gases that we have here today in our world. Hopefully you read this and learned alot about the importance of limiting the usage of cars and how it can effect everything.    