When people ask for advice,they sometimes ask more than one person. Seeking multiple outlookson a topic can be very helpful. I myself have found it very helpful and useful. Three reasonsi think it helps is, it gives you more than one perspective and ways to look at the subject, you can learn from others ideas and or mistakes, and after asking othes what their thoghts are, you can see which helps the best

I think the reason having more than one way to to look at somthing helps out because if your not sure the first person you asked is right or helpful, you have more than one option and or idea. The reason i say this is because when i was younger i asked one of my old freinds for for advice, and when i tried out his idea it only made things worse. So then i asked my friend Generic_Name for help, and i thought her opinions on the matter were smart, so i tried it out. Her ideas ended up fixing all my problems. That thoght got me thinking, a person can also learn from other's bad advice or mistakes

Learning from others thoghts and past decisions really effect the decisions we make, and help us make sure we're making the right choices. I think this is true us because when i was learning how to cook chicken nuggets, my brother told me what he did wrong when he first made chicken nuggets. So when i made them i made sure not to do what he did. What he told me really helped me out, because i was planning on waiting to hear a ding noise from the oven to know when the nuggets were done. Turns out thats what he did wrong.

After hearing other's comments,thoghts, and ideas it helps to think about everyone's advice and decide what helps best for the situation. I have come to a conclusion that thinking about which person's advice works the best is a major help. I remember a year ago after asking four of my closest friends about a sitation i got into that i can't go into details about. They all had good ideas, but it was hard to decide right away. So i had to really sit down and think about the best option. After a while i had to go with my gut and go with my friend Generic_Name's idea. And it worked out better then i thought it would.

People seem to ask for more than one person's opion, when they need advice. People say having more than one point of view on simething can be very useful. I am one of those people. Having more than one perspective and ways to look at situation, being able to learn from others ideas and or mistakes, and after asking others what their thoghts are, you can see which helps best are just three reasons i think asking multiple people for advice helps greatly.