Have you ever thought its time for change? Germany, New York , Columbia , and the United states are trying to reduce cars driven. Many benifits are coming from the downfall of cars being driven. Less stress, no smog from pollution, and less money spent on expensive cars.

Vauban's streets are completely car free. Heidrun Walter says she is less tense and much happier without a car. Walking, bycicling, and hyking are much more eco friendly. In 2006 a trend is growing in Europe. Vauban home to 5,500 residents may be the most expieriment in low car suburban life. Car ownership is allowed but there are few places to park large garages and the edge of development. 70 percent do not own cars and 57 percent sold cars to move to Vauban.

Car pollution is at its all time high, in paris motorists were ordered to leave their cars at home due to smog. 67 percent of vehicles in France use diesel fuel. Only 53.3 percent make up the rest of western europe. passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of green house gases, and up to 50 percent in some car intensive areas in the united states. Chicago to Shanghai people tend to make their homes which is a huge reduce of green house gas emissions from tailpipes.

Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as the years pass. Americas love for vehicles seems to be coolig down. The number of miles driven dropped in 2005 and continued droppimg steadily. In 2013 the number of miles driven was nearly 9 percent below its peak. If this persists there will be beneficialimplications for carbon emissions and the enviroment. Last year a study was found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009.

This is why life today would be fantastic and more benifitcial with car free cities and more walking, bycicling and hyking. less stress, less pollution, and less money spent on cars. As days continue the percentage of cars and miles driven decreases drastically.                                    