The process that undergoes during the election of the President of the United States, is unfair. "It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational."(Source 2) We should change the process that undergoes today which is known as the electoral college to something that would actually reflect the people's thought on who should lead our country, and I think that we should decide our elections based on popular vote. If we stick with electoral college, voters won't recieve for what they've asked for, some may find it confusing, the people have no power over their electors, and they have no loyalty to us. That is why we need justice and see that our voting system should be change to popular vote.

Voters and electors are both the same thing, they're both human beings, and that means we have our own ideas and they have theirs. Once the electors go to vote to whom we would like for president, the voters no longer have power over them. "Electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's canidates."(Source 2) So why should we trust someone who won't even keep their word that they would vote for our likings, the people's likings. We should trust ourselves with our own decisions and outcomes. Not some bafoon that won't even stay loyal to their state. Sure if we allow every single person's vote to be counted, it would take probably months to find out the outcome. But the result would actually be true for once. The peoples words and actions actually matter in the government. Changing the procedure that elects our president should be changed to popular vote so that our words and actions can be heard everywhere around the country and change what needs to be changed.

Like I said, our electors won't do what we ask them to do, sometimes. They may, sometimes, defy us. "Electors could always defy the will of the people."(Source 2) They have their own minds that can think and act, and when they have the power of the people of a state, they can use that power for their wants and needs. But we the people of the United States do not need some person to look after us. We defied Great Britain, the greatest country in the world back then and your saying that when we are liberated, the people still need someone to look after our wants and desires, like they're babysitting us? Well I think that's mahogany. When we give the electors our votes, they have the power, and we don't. "Voters can't control whom their electors can vote for."(Source 2) So why bother voting when our votes don't even count? The electors should become the people of this country since our judgement don't even matter to affect the country that we live and protect. When the states were created, some were made to bigger and sustainanble than others, those larger states may have a greater impact on our government than the smaller states. But size doesn't matter, numbers matter. If three small states have the same idea, they may over come a large state. That result would show the real outcome of our people's desire for our country. That's why we should change electoral college vote to popular votes.

With such a complicated system to bring our favored canidate for president in, some people don't understand how the process works and may end up voting for the wrong canidate. Voters somtimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong canidate." (Source 2) With popular vote in play, people could just vote to whom ever they desire and done, you're finished voting. That would be a simpler way to process things that everyone could understand. Why do we need complicated systems anyways? Sure with such a simple system many things things could happen, but we just need to change the procedure for voting, not it's security. I think if the country would be a lot simpler if we changed electoral college voting to popular voting. Justice would finally be served to the United States of America.

In conclusion, I think that we should change elcetoral college voting to popular voting so that it would make electing a new presindent simpler, have a true result that reflects the states wishes, and voters can actually have control over their votes.                       