Driveless cars are becoming a new idea and have been an experiment to try and make a perfect driveless car. Many different people have worked to come up with a flawless car that doesn't need a human behind the wheel. Although the idea is intriguing, i am not for driveless cars. There are many pros and cons of a drivelss car, however the cons out way the pros.

Pros of a driveless car: less human errors, uses half the fuel of today's taxis, far more flexibility, and they're just cool. Less human errors would occur since they wouldn't even have to touch the wheel in the first place. In the article it discusses how less fuel would be used which ulimately helps save our budgets and environment. More flexibility would occur because wherever you desire to be, your car would be able to tke you and pick you up. Now, driveless cars are just plain cool. Who wouldn't want a car to make all the decisions while you just relax until you meeet your destination? Although there are pros, the cons are just to great.

Cons of a driveless car: more accidents, not totally drivelss, disputes between manufactuerer and owner, expensive, too many chnages need to be made. Having a car that can drive for you is cool but the danger is just too high. The name of the car is very deceptive because to this day they aren't completely driveless, some still alert the driver when it is unable to drivve throug hcertain condidtions such as roadblocks or accidents. More accidents would occur because humans would rely on the automobile to drive itself when in fact the human must still be alert and awake. In paragraph 9 it discusses how there would be disputes between who would be responsible if the automobile system shut down. Should it be the manufacturer or the human in the car? Too man y laws would have to be instilled just because someone wants to make a new invention. Even with all these cons, the list could go on and on.

Many people would love to have a driveless car, however they wouldn't want all the risk and cons that come with a driveless car. The invention would be cool and unique, however it just isn't practical. In my opinion driveless cars should stay in movies and not be out on the streets. They are dangerous and there would be far too many disputes brought on by owning on. Driveless cars would indeed fundamentally change the world like the article implies, the change just wouldn't be for good.    