In life the only way to get ahead in life is by learning. The means of obtaining the knowledge has changed throughout the decades since the coming of public education. Now, with technology most importantly the internet kids are able to obtain a respected education from the comfort of their own home via online school. Students who are able to achieve their diploma from home with online school will have a way easier time from a kid who goes to school.

The comfort of someone's own house is a common commodity most take for granted. There's something sacred about that feeling, a piece of mind almost, that sets a person at ease. This is a main focal point of the online program, the stress free relaxed environment that comes with being able to stay home all day if one so chooses. Being able to take classes from home also relieves stress on the parents of the house who aren't having to rush to send their kid off to school everyday and all the hassle that comes with everyday nuances like those. This also tags along with the point of having an easier schedule students who take online aren't in classes for eight hours a day miles from home. These kids who do online take less classes than average students and take them for a fraction of the time. This idea of comfort also gives kids who are made fun of or bullied to thrive in an enviroment where they feel okay. This also applies just to the kids who just dont fit in or have that social anxiety and can't handle such a large scene full of thousands of kids they don't even know. Online let's those kids have ther safety and securtiy they need in their head to do what needs to be done and ont worry about al the excess drama that inevitably comes with being in highschool.

In this country a person can be dirt poor and homeless not a thing to his name but still have his freedom. Freedom is an important factor to as why kids prefer online to traditional public school. They can take their classes at anytime of the day and have the power of having at least the choice of choosing when they take their classes. They have the freedom to do whatever they please while in class, if a student wanted to fold laundry and make lunch while learning calculus so be it he can if he chooses, which is why freedom is if not the main a very prioritized benefit for kids enrolling into online classes. Along with that freedom another right a man or woman in this country will have is his or her protection. Security comes with that ability to stay tucked away in your own home where nobody can harm you. This also goes the other way around though, if this kid is constantly involved with fighting, bullying, or harassing other students this makes the student body better by having him at home getting his work done and not messing with others.

The best feature that comes from online schooling is efficiency. Kids are able to work through much more of a curriculum and retain knowledge much faster through online school than traditional high schooling. This is in part due to the fact that the classes are general smaller or even one on one lessons that are more student based than curriculum based. Online school focuses more on the students than the agenda which feels to be the opposite of public school. This gives kids the power to work at their own pace, which for the kids who learn the material fast and work hard the ability to meet requirements much faster and graduate from high school sometimes a year earlier than their peers.

Students who attend online classes do benefit greaty compared to the kids who dont in a tradtional high school. The reason supporting that idea is the comfort, flexibility, security, and effiency.