Students nowadays are being more drawn to technology more than ever before. This even brought the attention of many schools to allow distance learning for students. Many students would benefit from video conferencing or online classes by allowing students who may have social anxiety or have experience bullying to take an online class, students can also learn more effectively at the comfort of their own home, and can even save time and energy for teachers and students alike

Nowadays, many students suffer from some form of mental illness. In fact, 1 in 4 high school and middle school students suffer from some form of depression or anxiety. In order to combat this raging epidemic, online or video conferencing must be provided. Although some may say allowing online classes can take away from the high school experience, that however, is flawed because many people have benefited from online classes not only in grades, but in mental health. For example, my friend Generic_Name suffers from anxiety caused by recent school shootings and social interaction. She constantly over thinks every social interaction and even thinks the person she is talking to is ridiculing them when in reality, that is not the case. She eventually did take an online class at the comfort of her own home, which reduced a lot of the stress she had from school. I saw a gradual increase in her mood. If someone like her can improve, many others can as well. She was no longer afraid of her previous fears. Another example is with myself. When I was injured during a wrestling tournament, I was gone away from school to recover. I, however, wanted to continue my education so I would not be far behind when I came back. I picked up a video conference call with my teachers and was able to catch up with my classmates. I was relieved and was stress free when I came back. Schools should not only allow it, but they should motivate their students in taking online classes as an viable option.

With schools becoming ever more competitive, this has put a tremendous amount of weight on not only students, but teachers as well. By allowing distance learning, much of this unneeded stress can be lifted form their shoulders. With online classes comes the ability to record a class in session, compared to not being able to record a lecture from your teacher. Although some may say students may cheat or slack off during online classes, online classes already have built in counter measures to mitigate those exact problems. For instance, I took an online class during the summer for Algebra 2. My class and I had to be all online at a certain time throughout the week. The class only lasted for an hour and thirty minutes, with small quizzes and lecture notes. I was able to ask questions and talk to my online teacher more effectively than I would have in a class in school. I came out of it with a B+ overall, and definitely learned more because of the online class. Not only that, but my teacher who was also taking care of her kids, was able to be a mother and teacher at the same time. If there was anything wrong on her end of the call, she would quickly excuse her self and give us a small break time until she resolved any issue. It was flexible and effective. Schools must encourage individuals to take online classes if they want to see improvement in their students.

I think everyone has been there. The point where you decide to go into Lala land for a quick minute, only to become lost in the lecture the teacher has been giving, scrambling to find out what just happened. In online classes, teachers and students can record a lesson in any given moment. It is way more convenient for the teacher and student to record a lecture, than to restate everything that has been said. Not only that, but students can re watch, or re listen to any part of the class to get a better understanding of the subject. While some may say online classes encourages shortcuts to be made, this however is flawed due to the fact that many students prefer, and many more students end up passing online classes more than a conventional class. For example, my friend and I had to make up an assignment over Spring break. We had the option to take an online video conference call with my English teacher to be retaught the subject. My friend and I came in not wanting to do it. Since it was Spring break and I would rather play video games all day and stay outside past curfew with my friends. However, the video conference call changed the way I viewed my class and my own teacher. I was able to communicate, and even joke around my teacher making her laugh. It allowed for what I thought to be something serious, to be something fun and enjoyable. After Spring break, my friend and I became even more close, and still visit my sophomore English teacher to this day.

In an age where technology is growing ever more prevalent with the old and young. The school system is systematically failing its students by creating a stigma with online classes and video conferences. There is a lot to be benefited for the youth, especially now with these options in learning. It not only solves many of the problems society faces today, but it can also bridge the gap between students and teachers. Teachers are getting out of touch with their students, but by allowing online classes, more often than not, students and teachers will grow to understand one another in a comfortable environment. Classes should not be looked at with disdain from both parties, but should be looked at with optimism and positively. In an already serious world, society should bring back the fun in learning.