Vroom, vroom goes the 1998 Chevy Impala next to you at the stop light. Driving has become apart of culture that is standard to the developed world. But the culture is slowly changing because the driving epidemic is becoming limited. Cars can be very expensive, harmful to the environment, and troublesome. Limiting car usage can help the environment, help finances, and reduce stress.

Cars are defined as metal cases with lether seats powered by gas or diseal. Gas and disel are fuels that are harmful to the Earth and can cause harmful emission and greenhouse gases. These gasses can cause smog, or smoke and fog mixed together creating a grey cloud of unbreathable dense air. Smog is very harmful for the environment and can heat the Earth which is not the ideal for the human body. In France, smog, caused by car emissions became unbearable, thus causing the entire city of Paris to ban cars for five days. According to Robert Duffer, "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of intensifying smog" (Paris Bans Driving due to Smog Paragraph 14). Therefore cars and its horrible blow can cause a blanket of harmful reactant. Cars can also cause greenhouse gases which is when the heat of the day and the cool of the night trap in the harmful emissions of a car. These greenhouse gases can also heat the Earth and can harm humans. Elisabeth Rosenthal states, "Passenger cars are responible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Euorpe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States" (Car-Free Cities Paragraph 5). In effort to save the Earth and the human race many cities and communties have adotped car-banning, reducing the amount of population caused buy cars.

A 2014 Lincoln MKX runs about $45,000, which is the equvialent to the salary of a high school teacher annually. Cars can be very expensive to buy, maintain, and to fuel. The price of oil is about $2.45 today. But over the past few years gas prices have fulcutated up to almost $4.00 a gallon. The average driver might buy gas every two weeks at 20 gallons, that equals $116 a month for gas. The money used to fuel the car has turned into a gas bill, not to mention the sparatic mishaps that can happen while on the road. Cars today have become an invesment instead of a luxury. Although, "transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions," does not mean it should remain. The advance in technology and resources has allowed people to reduce the use of cars, and ultimately save themselves money. For example, many people have co-workers that live near one another. Thus, both persons can carpool on alternate days. Mimi Sheller suggests, "the Internet makes telecommunting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends (End of Car Culture Paragraph 35). It is much easier and cheaper to carpool, take the bus, or take the subway. Limiting car usage would save money because more young people are "interested[in driving], but it's not a prority." Therefore, parents do not have to spend $30,000 on a new car for their 16 year old. "A study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009," which is putting money back into the pockets of parents and public transportation companies (The End of Car Culture Paragraph 39).

Road rage is the disease the that overtakes a person when another person is driving idiotically. Road rage is sitting at a green light at a complete stop because the person in front of you is too busy texting their BFF. Road rage is caused by driving. Driving can cause stress because cars are out of your control, traffic is out of your control, and time is out your control. When things are out of control, human nature is to panic. Driving is not the time nor the place to panic. Limiting car usage can reduce the effects of this stress caused by driving because there would be less people on the road, less traffic, and less crashes. Heidrun Walter says, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way" (Car Free Cities Paragraph 3). Less cars means less drivers which then means a safer environment for pedestrians. Less cars means less traffic which means no more road rage. Less cars means less cars because there are less reckless drivers grazing the road. Limiting car usage can also make people come closer together because it forces them to interact in order to get around. For instance, instead of hopping into you 2013 Camry you call an old friend who happens to work on a different floor of your office building. This interaction can spark a new realtionship and brightens your day. Cars and driving causes stress because it is out of control, but if cars are limited then the stressed caused by driving will be reduced.

Road rage, smog, and tickets, driving is the mush pot of the many problems of this world. Limiting car usage can save the planet, save money, and save you blood from boiling. The priviledge of driving has been taken advantage of and has caused the world to decay at its own expense. The human race has the ability remit from the tragdey of cars one city at a time.         