According to scientific research, 80% of students perform better on tests and retains more information when they learn in schools. Attending school is one of the most important things for students. This is because there are many benefits of going to school and is crucial for learning, developing, and interaction. School is a place where students could facilitate their knowledge and grow. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would inhibit social interaction, it would make them less focused and interested, and it would take away many fun opportunities.

Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would inhibit social interaction. Generic_Name lives in Generic_City and her school offers the choice of attending classes from home. She decided to take 4 online classes: Math, History, Science, and English. At first, she thought she had made the best decision and was very satisfied. However, it was after about 2 quarters when she realized that she regretted the decision she made because she greatly missed talking to her friends and teachers. Because she took online classes, she wasn't able to make new friends and improve her social interaction. Socializing is a very important factor in life and it's crucial that people, especially teenagers interact with people on a daily basis. Therefore, taking online classes would not benefit students because it takes away an important factor in life.

Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would make them less focused and interested. Last year, I took an online class for Personal Finance because I thought it would be better and easier than taking it in school. However, I was less motivated to complete the assignments and learn the content. I would easily get distracted and couldn't focus for a long period of time. Learning through online classes lead students to be less engaged thus makes it harder for them to concentrate. It is not the best way to learn as information is not retained longer.

Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would take away many fun activities. Generic_Name takes online classes for Math, Spanish, and Physical Education. She sees no benefits from taking online classes because there is no physical activities involved and thus makes it less interesting. Generic_Name thinks it's better to take classes in schools because she can learn enjoyably and in diverse ways. By taking online classes, she cannot play educational games such as "Kahoot" or "Quizlet Live" nor can she physically play sports or team games for physical education. Therefore, there are more opportunities and activities available in schools that cannot be done though online classes.

It can be argued that students do benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can learn in a more comfortable setting where they would face less peer pressure. However, the weakness in that argument is that students tend to become more lazy and less focused when learning in a more comfortable setting. By being in a classroom, students would pay attention and stay more alert because there is a physical teacher in the classroom. If students take classes at home, they would want to just lay in bed. However, studies show that students do not learn and retain the knowledge when learning in bed. Some of the reasons are because they are less engaged, less focused, and likely to fall asleep. Also, peer pressure can be beneficial sometimes because peers help others get their work done and motivate them to keep going. Also, they are able to help and suggest new ideas.

As I decide which choice of learning is better, I realized that distance learning does not benefit students. One of the reason is that it decreases social interaction. I think that socializing is equally important as learning and is crucial for growing. Through online classes, I cannot directly interact and communicate with others which can lead to long lasting effects. Also, it can keep me from being fully focused and is likely for me to get distracted. This would result in the information not being retained longer. Lastly, I am not able to enjoy the fun activities and opportunities that are available in schools. Learning in school is more interesting because there are many ways that the information can be taught and it offers more activities that makes learning more engaging. I hope that more students don't choose to take online classes because it does not benefit them in any ways. 