When asking for advice, people sometimes ask more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. Why is it better to get multiple opinions, and how can that help someone make a better choice. I think it's important to ask for multiple opinions because the person you ask could be giving you the wrong advise so instead of asking one person who could be giving you wrong advise you could ask multiple people for different advise. When getting multiple opinions you can choose the one you so you'll be happy with how you fixed it. If you just ask yourself what to do then you could mess things up. Having a few more opinions could tell you what to do.

Even if you dont see it now it matters who you ask. Ask wise people, people u trust for advise. Especially people who you know that have been in a similar position as you. For sure dont ask people that you know might not give you a good answer. Its not bad to try and ask but not everyone has the correct solution.

Solve your problem the best way you can with opinions from the people you've asked. When you have more than one opinion then you have choice. Obviously its better to get the best solution but pick the advise that you like the most because if you dont then you could something wrong or you would probably be annoyed about how you should have picked someone else's advice. A good idea on how to get advise is to search the internet. The internet is filled with people who have experienced situations.

Your opinion could be wrong, so always ask others. Following just your opinion could lead you in the wrong way which is why its important to ask others for advise. What you want to do shouldn't be what you should do. Even if you think your opinion is right you should ask others just to sure.

In conclusion, you should do ask more than one person for advise so that you can solve your problem the best way possible, pay attention to who I ask, and not only listen to your own opinion. Thats why I think its important to ask more than one person for advice.