In 1976 a strange humanlike face was found on Mars by NASA's Viking 1. A giant face almost two miles long was thought to be created by aliens. But NASA scientists thought differently.

I believe that the face is a natural ladform as well as NASA. Becsause the NASA scientists proved it was a mesa and that they had no reason to cover up alien life.

The face was found in one of the regions of Mars called Cydonia. Scientists were in shock at first, but they stated that it was a Martian mesa even though a face like structure was seen in the pictures. A couple days afterward the formation was unveiled for the public to see and they went insane over the images.

The conspiracy theroies piled up as some stated that the pictures were perfect evidence of life on Mars. NASA's budget only wished that there was actual life on Mars but knew all to well there was no life on Mars. Only a handful of NASA scientists thought of this as an alien artifact, but getting more pictures of it was a top priority for NASA. On April 5, 1998, Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Mars Orbiter Camera team took a picture ten times sharper than the original photos. Thousands of web surfers were waiting for the image to appear on a JPL web site. There wasn't an alien monument. But all it did was reveal a natural landform.

I was thrillled when I read this becuase it proved my hypothesis correct. But there were still some people who werent satisfied by the images. Some people claimed that there was a haze that kept the alien markings hidden. On April 8, 2001 on a cloudless summer day in Cydonia the Mars Global Surveyor got close enough for a second look. Using the cameras highest resolution it took a picture of the face. Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA’s Mars Exploration Program stated “As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size,” also he said “So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!”

The face on Mars had captivated people's imagination for years. Wheather in a movie, books, magazines, or even in the gossip magazines. Aleins creating face just doesnt seem logical enough for NASA scientists or for me. Throughout this writing I've stated multiple facts and come to the conclusion that the face on Mars was just a natural landform, and not a alien made monument. I hope that you also will come to the same conclusion yourself.