February 23, 2011

Dear Principal,

Our world has evolved and changed, and with it has come a new era of technology. Almost every student has a phone, but i believe that if you enforce Policy 2, you will only make using cell phones during school an even more tempting, which will create an unhealthy learning environment.

If we have less harsh guidelines on this school's cell phone policy, like allowing the use of phones at lunches and free time, then when actually in class, students will actively participate in teacher's lessons instead of sneaking a peek at their phones. Obviously in the past, it has been hard

In addition, it is a hassle for staff to enforce these strict rules, and by the end of the day students are zoning out all of the information that you want us to take in. The role of enforcer, rather than educator, may injure the teachers' ability to teach students who are eager to learn and understand new things. They dedicate their careers to helping us learn, so if phones are left unused during classes, but allowed during free time, teachers will be more helpful and a better instructor of their subject.

Also, there is the chance that something will go wrong. A student could be hurt on campus, and the availability of phones would make it so that help could be notified as soon as possible. In emergencies, phones are one of the greatest tools that we posses to ensure that any problems can be solved as quickly and efficiently as possible.

While most adults believe teenagers are obsessed with technology, our phones especially, we are not. But technology makes it easier to feel connected with the world outside of this school. Phones create an easier way to connect with our families and friends. Not to mention, that if a student needs help with school work or other problems, they can contact someone who could help them, so that they absorb what this school teaches better.

We must usher in this time in our country, and work with it to make a policy that will create a happier student body. If you implement Policy 1, than i can assure you that grades will go up, disturbances will stop, and you will be the principal of one of the finest schools in America.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME