Wow! Technology is really going far. New computer software that can recognize six basic emotions, such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. The latest innovation from prof. 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscels in the model moves like human muscels. FACS (Facial Action Coding System), Imagine how much this could help you out.....

The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because this could help for many reasons. As it says in the article "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored", Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor."

"Imagine a computer that knows when you're happy or sad." If a computer knows when you're happy or sad that means it could help you out. For example say your sad when you log-in to your computer,the computer can post happy adds or funny things can just pop up to make you feel better.

A computer that can make you happy when your sad, it's like having a pet or a bestfriend. It's like it knows your personality and your feelings. For example if your getting frusrated while taking a test, the computer will help you out by posting happy things to get you back on task. It knows your emotions which means it knows what will and what won't help you.

This would really be nice for those who gets angry quick, or gets frustrated while doing work on a computer. Even while using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks the facial movements.

This computer could be used for breaks, like if your in class having a hard time. The teacher could say "have some time on your computer." When you log-in it'll already know your emotions so it'll help you get back on track. It could post anything just to get you smiling and ready to work again. This would be helpful for alot of students.

Computer software that can recognize six basic emotions, such as happiness, surprise, anger, disgust and sadness. Then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscels. The latest innovation from prof. 3-D computer model of the face ;all 44 major muscels in the model moves like human muscels. FACS (Facial Action Coding System), Recognizes when a student is becoming confused or bored, can modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor, tracks emotions. I think this would be very valuable for everyone not just students. IT's alot of people that needs things like this to get through the day.