I think that the idea of driverless cars is an awful idea because, "None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless." This ruins the whole point of taking away human error and letting something else drive you. Plus I think that the transition between the car driving and the driver driving would cause more crashes. I could also foresee unprepared drivers to try to use these new "driverless" cars. Overall, driverless cars seem to be a waste of time and money to me because they would bore the driver and cause more accidents.

First of all, I think that driverless cars are a waste of time and money because you still need a driver to pay attenton. For me, this would just ruin the whole experience of not having to drive. Even Dr. Werner Huber from BMW agreed that drivers would get bored when he admitted that, "The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge." This was in response to the question, "Wouldn't drivers get bored waiting for their turn to drive." Secondly, I think that not having to focus on the road will lead the driver to lose focus so that when they are called upon to drive, they are not ready. The transition from the car drving to the human driving would likely lead to more wrecks because when you are not focusing on driving, you don't really care about focusing on the road. Driverless cars seem to present the same distraction that texting has, and texting while driving is illegal in most states. I also know that some people do not drive because they are not very good at it, and the idea of a "driverless car" might tempt them to drive one. These same unprepared drivers would still have to, "take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues," if they were driving a google car which would lead to yet again, more accidents.

Driverless cars are a big hoax. They are not even truly driverless because, " they still alert the driver to take over." This would just be boring waiting for your turn to drive. These would also cause more accidents with the rough transition of taking over the wheel especially when unprepared drivers try to use this new technology. I don't think that anyone wants worse drivers on the road, more accidents, more expensive cars, and an even more boring experience with the new and not so impressive driverless cars.