In the classroom, most students are very bored and tired.

Many students are not happy with spending the day in school.

Teachers all over the country are collaborating to find things that intrest students.

Technology is hitting almost every school currently and it is bring kids to school more eager to learn.

Now, there is a computer software system created by Thomas Huang and Nicu Sebe that can detect someones emotions.

This program detects a persons emotions by looking at how the muscles work.

An example of this progam is when the author describes Mona Lisa and says "She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry".

Technology should be used to read the emotional expressions of students during class becasue it will help teachers find ways to make education exciting for students.

Although sometimes people can read someones emotions, it is not possible every time.

A student could act like they are enjoying school when they are really not.

in some cases, students may not be sad because they are at school but becasue something is happeing to them outside of school.

In paragraph eight, the author says "Meanwhile, muscles called orbicularis oculi pars palpabraeus make crow's-feet around your eyes .

But in a false smile the mouth is stretched sideways using the zygomatic major and a different muscle, the risorius."

This is an example of how sometimes people can not read someones emotions.

Also, the program would allow a teacher to change his or her lesson plans due to how students enjoy the teaching style.

"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or board,

Dr Huang predicts.

Then it could modify the lesson like an effective human instructor."

Many students do not use words to express how they feel about something so this is a way to find out if they enjoy the teaching style or not.

If schools are able to get technology that detects emotions, it will help with how they need to organize the day and how to make it more fun for students to learn.

This will lead to an increase in passing and graduation rates.

It is very imortant to educate students becasue the students today will be leaders in the future society.            