Summer projects are one of the most common forms of ensuring that students continue learning during their long summer break. These projects allow students to keep the information and experience that they learned through their school year throughout the summer. However, though the purpose and need of the summer projects may be valid, they are not interesting and motivating projects for students to complete, and, as such, students tend to procrastinate in completing their projects and learn less from the project thereby defeating its very purpose. The result of such a summer project, is the loss of knowledge gained by students in the past year, bad grades at the start of the new school year, and the unpreparedness of the students to return to school in a higher level class. Due to the fact that teachers are adults who prioritize the imbuement of knowledge into students, they are, at times, unable to make the summer projects they assign motivating to the students thereby resulting in this kind of summer projects. Summer projects should be student-designed because it will prevent the procrastination of students on the projects, allow students to absorb more from the project itself, and make the summer project more appealing for the students to complete.

One of the most important reasons why summer projects must be designed by students is to prevent the procrastination of students in the completion of said project. Due to the fact that summer projects tend to be rigorous and tiring, students tend to avoid completing the project until the very last second, which can result in a poor project, the students being unable to recall the learnings of their past year, and even causing them to be unprepared for the challenges of a higher level course. However, if the summer projects were student-designed, they would make it interesting for other students while including the necessary content under teacher supervision. By doing so, students who have to complete the assignment would be more motivated and interested in completing the summer project and would, therefore, not wait till the last second. Due to the last minute efforts by the students, students may feel the need to copy another person's summer project in order to simply make the deadline that they had forgotten about. This cheating would only lead to the students learning nothing from the project, being unprepared for their new higher level class, and learning to cheat on school work. To mitigate or prevent that situation, summer projects should be student-designed, so students would avoid their procrastination all together. Summer projects should be student-designed in order to prevent the procrastination of students thereby allowing them to fulfill the purpose of their summer project.

Though preventing the procrastination of students on the project is indeed one of the greatest benefits of having summer projects being student-designed, another key benefit of this is for it to allow students to absorb and learn more from the project. Due to the fact that summer projects can be tiring and complicated, students tend to absorb little from their completion besides what they must already know. This leads to students being unprepared for their new classes and also deprived of knowledge that was just before their eyes. By having student-designed summer projects, which will be more appealing to the students, students will try harder and be more invested in their projects, therefore allowing them to gain more from their projects than what they normally would. On normal summer projects, students tend to fill out the project with out actually understanding what they're doing. By having student-designed summer projects, students are more interested in the project and due to that fact, they are more likely to understand more about the concepts behind the project itself. Summer projects should be designed by students in that it will allow students to learn more from the summer projects than what they normally would.

Preventing the procrastination of students in the summer and allowing them to learn more from the summer projects are both important benefits of having student-designed summer projects, however, none of those benefits would even be possible without the fact that student-designed summer projects are much more invigorating to complete than a normal summer project to a student. Students have the unique advantage of understanding what students like and dislike which gives them a enormous advantage when it comes to creating a summer project for other students. This advantage is why more students will be interested in completing their summer projects which lead to them not procrastinating and absorbing more knowledge from the project. Student-designed summer projects will be naturally be more appealing to students because it would be designed to inspire their interests and therefore their concentration and focus.

Summer projects are a way for students to learn and develop even in the summer when there is no school for them to attend. Therefore, these projects are an important part of a student's school year because their purpose is to allow students to keep the information and experience that they have learned through their school year throughout the summer and to prepare them for their next year. However, even though these projects are needed and are useful to many students, are they currently effective in achieving their purpose? In order to achieve their purpose of cultivating students, summer projects should be student-designed because by having students design the projects, it can prevent student procrastination on these projects, allow students to gain more knowledge and understanding from these projects, and also motivate students to complete these projects. By appealing to students's interests and creativity, allowing students to learn more, and preventing their procrastination; to help future students, summer projects should be student-designed.