This year I'm a sophomore in high school I'm gonna be brutally honest sophomore year overall is hard. There a lot of test and homework, the pressure to get good grade and get into a good college is always in the back of my mind.

For example if I'm learning a new lesson in math class I sometimes find myself always getting confused. But I feel like we all have been there when learning something new. But if we had something to tell teachers that we are confused I think it could help kids understand what were learning better. It's called Facial Action Coding System and I think it could be really useful in a classroom.

I think by being able to read a student's emotional expression is a excellent idea.

"Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D' Alto is a hard arguement about if we should have a Facial Action Coding System in a classroom or not. But Dr. Huang says "A classroonm computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." Some kids get home from school, they have sports or maybe a job that they have to work to until midnight. In the morning they might become tired and fall alsleep learning something new. So with the Facial Action Coding System we could find out which students need a little bit extra help. Another quote is "if you smile when a Web ad appears on your sceen, a similar ad might follow." "But if you frown, the next ad will be different." We could use this same idea in a classroom the computer will know which kids look a little confused and will know which kids aren't understand the lesson. Some kids are shy and don't wanna speak up and say if they don't get it what there learning, now with this technology. We will now know the student that don't understand so they can do better in school.

By identifying human emotions we could also help the kids that are very stressed out and might just need to take a little break. It says "They even indicate the different between a genuine smile and a forced one." If some is upset in a classroom this technology should pick up right away if a person isn't feeling good or even sad. It could help teacher know what potentially could be wrong with one of her students. Another way we could find out what's on a student's mind is "to an expert, faces don't lie; there muscle clues are sometimes used to spot when a "smiling" politician or celebrity isn't being truthful." This could as well tell a teacher if a student is telling the truth or not. By having this system we could find out what's wrong with a student or even find out if there lying.

I feel that if we had Facial Action Coding Systems in a classroom the student will understand what there learning better and probably get a better grade in the class overall . We know how important it is to do good in school, we heard it since day one. I want nothing more to graduate from college and go to the college of my dreams. Maybe with this new Coding System can help me get a better grade in the class and help me get the help I need. So I could potentially get into the college I want to get into. 