Schools should offer distance online learning because it will help the students stay on track with assignments and will have the same amount of time as the other students to turn it in assignments. It will also help the students be comfortable asking questions, therefore, the students will understand the material that's necessary. Students will also have the necessary time to take notes, finish assignments, and not forget homework at home, since they are already home.

Distance learning is good because it helps the student understand what the teacher is teaching them. In most cases students dont understand the material because they dont asking questions. Students, just like most adults, have the fear of talking in front of others; therefore, the student would fail because they wouldn't understand the material. Attending classes online and video conferences would be beneficial for the students because they can ask as many questions as they need to understand the material and as well as have the same amount of time to work on assignments as the other students. Schools should provide this so that students are able to stay on track and not miss any work. The students also benefit from this by not worrying on missing the bus and have a high chance of missing something important at home; such as projects, study guides, worksheets, and even having a good nutritional breakfast. Teachers also benefit from this because they dont have to keep track who has a worksheet, who was absent on what day, and who, of all students, knows the material, so the students will have passing grades.

Though online classes sound amazing, they also have their down sides. Online classes might not be able to be taken depending on how fast the internet speed is, if the website is good quality or not, and how many people are able to be on the website without the website crashing or lagging. Online classes might also be harder for some students because of the lack of concentration in an assignment, students can easily be distracted by a TV, phone, computer, or a video game. Though these are some down sides of online classes they can easily be fixed, if the internet from home is bad the student can also go to a local library, or use their phone's cellular data to access the class. Students can also solve the concentration problem by moving to a more quiet area of their home, or go to a relatives house to work and should not be using or be near any sort of distraction. Students who should be able to take online classes should be the students who need help in school, and those who were absent. Students should have the option to still get assignments in, even if they weren't there to get them, therefore assignments would be able to be completed online and not just in paper.

Online learning would give students a higher chance of graduating. If students have the knowledge and understanding of what the material is about; they would all have passing grades and graduate with no problem and will not need of summer school.

A reason students dont graduate is because they give up on understanding the material, and sometimes drop out because of that same reason. Online learning would also help the environment by not wasting so much paper for worksheets that aren't always completed by students. Schools would also save more money by not buying so much paper for assignments and use it instead to repair or replace appliances around the building, or construct more to the school such as a new soccer fields, or an indoor gym for the students. They could also use the money to take more students to field trips and see in person what they talk about in class.

In conclusion, more schools should provide this to students that need it. Online classes wont just benefit the students but as well the schools and save the environment a little more. Schools would also be more focused on not just students' grades, but the ability to understand the material, rather then just turning things in on time. Schools should really take this into consideration to benefit everyone.