The Electoral College?

Some would say this way of voting is a lack of democratic pedigree and should be abolished.  The Electoral College is when the people vote for the elector who are declaring the canidate who recieves the most popular vote. This act is not only unfair but injustice as well. The people should be able to vote directly on who they choose to govern over them. But instead we're using plurality, when a canidate recives more votes than other canidates while not recieving a clear majority of votes. Someone is chosen to speak for them. The Electoral College is very irrational and should be removed from the voting process system.

It's known to be said that those voting for slate of electors half the time dont know what they're voting for. Some states have reported that they have yet to see campaign ads, or news regarding the election and therefore dont actually know who to pick. The president goes to the states he/she may think have "swing" votes and lets him/herself be known pubilically to gain more votes. This is a disirable result because a canidate with only regional appeal is unlikely to be a successful president. But what about the sates who arent caught up to the political races and would like to know more about it. They may feel disenfranchised- to feel that their votes don not matter. They may feel the new presiodent may disregard their interest and is not interested in being everyone's president. People may believe by voting it goes directly to the canidate but in fact it goes to the electors, who vote. When a vote is placed to a certain canidate it doesnt nessicisarly mean they are going to win. They may win the vote but could lose the presidency. It'd be better if everyone just had a say individually of who they wanted to take president. The Electoral College wasnt a very logical idea.

Who are the

"Electors"

?  the Electors are slate of electors who parties have selected to make a trusted vote towards the party's nominee.

Source 3, In Defense Of The Elecoral College: Five Reasons T o Keep Our Despised Method Of Choosing The President;

States that the Electors are rare for the trust to be betrayed, however it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. This hasnt happened sense 2000, when Gore had more popular votes then Bush yet fewer electoral votes, but that was first time since 1888. But who's to say it can happen again. The Electoral College is a chance being taken that you may or may not win the election based on how many popular votes said person may recieve. This is no shocker that there have been disputes over the outcome of an Electoral College vote, its based on winner-takes-all basis. Source 3, The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate recieves a majority of the votes cast. This creates pressure for run-off elections, but is reduced by the Electoral College, which invariably produces a clear winner. Voters in a presidential election are people who want to express a political prefernece rather than people who think that a single vote may decide an election, but thats false.

The Electoral College? Its not one of the more favorable elections, and is sought out to be uncanny and unfit. The Electoral College is a way for people to interact with the politics taken place, but are manipulated into something else that takes away from being able to have a say in something that will effect said person. We live in a democracy, which means we vote but how can we vote when we don't know who we're voting for. The voting system should remain how it is, with willing participants placing a ballant and knowing that their vote is actually going to matter. Away with  the Electoral College!                                                    