Each day car insurance is rising, due to the amount of accidents per year, but people don't notice that reason for that is because of cell phone distractions. There's more and more teenagers on the road now, accident rates have been rising ever since. Teens from this generation are so addicted to their cell phone it's a huge distraction behind the wheel. People should not use cell phones while driving because you're risking someone and your own life, it's illegal, texting and driving delays a driver's reaction time.

Text messaging requires the driver's eyes off the road, studies show that teenagers are by far the biggest culprit of text messaging while driving. Making it dangerous for them and other drivers, since teens have the least amount of experience behind the wheel. In other cases many drivers keep their eye of the road to dial a number, this can have disastrous results for others and pedestrians. People don't realize that accidents can happen in a split second, in those few moments that your eyes are on a cell phone you moved far enough to not see a motorcycle, a pedestrian, or a vehicle braking suddenly in front of you. Texting and driving is a dangerous habit we should avoid it to prevent injuries and death.

Driving and using a cell phone has become a big theme here in the United States, texting and driving is banned for all drivers in 47 states. Talking on a hand held cell phone while driving is banned is 16 states and the district of columbia. Yet these bans did not stop people from using their cell phones. Fines and license suspension have been put in place. A fine for a first offense is

$25, $50 for a second offense, $75 for a third offense. These fines can be as low as $20 and as high as $10,000 depending of the state. Jail time only for a misdemeanor charge, loss of license in some cases involving injuries. State laws should be more strict on these things, because drivers don't take these punishments serious. Punishments need to increase so that drivers can take it serious and will stop using cell phones.

According to statistics using a cell phone while driving delays driver's reaction time, using a cell phone reduces their visual scanning of the road ahead, and have a higher chance weaving through their lane and are slower to respond to hazards. A study found that hand-held phone can delay by 46%, sending a text slows it down by 37%. By comparison using cannabis slows it down by 21%, and drinking to the legal amount by 13%. An average time to reply to a text message is 4.6 seconds and while going 45-55 miles per hour that's enough to cover a soccer and football field. Studies show that a person of the age of 20 reaction time slows down while being on the phone is as equal as a 70 year old man.

The problem of using cell phones while driving can be eliminated. It might take time and effort, but we can't slip this problem through our hands, because it's dangerous. You risk people and your own life, it's illegal, it delays driver's reaction time.         