Feb.15,2011

Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I am writing to you in behalf of our student body,

about our school cell phone policy. As you know many of us students know and follow the policy while others do not. We all know that we are not suppose to text in school at all. We know the consequences and all that good stuff. But I am writing to you about changing that policy just a little.

Do you think it would hurt to let us students use are cell phones during our free time at school. Yes we know school is for learning but there are apps on a cell phone that you can use. You can use the calculator for math or science you can record what your teacher is saying for notes and many other things. So would it really hurt to let us use cell phones in school just a little.

Would you rather have a noisy lunch period or a quite one. If we could text during lunch imagine how much quieter it would be. Instead of yelling across the cafeteria to our friends we could just text what we want to say. It would make us happy and the teacher associates happy.

As you know kids are going to do what they are not suppose to do. So of course we are going to text during school because we don't like people controlling us. So if you made it so we could use our phones during school we wouldn't be breaking rules and to tell you the truth not that many kids would text. We just like to act out, you were a kid once don't you remember doing this.

Cell phones are a part of a teenagers life now.

It is how we communicate, keep up the gossip and stop rumors. Many teens sort out there problems by texting their peers to figure it out, I am one of them. Us teens can show you how to get caught up with the world if you could just bend the rule a little.

The teens now a days text twenty-four seven so why not just let them. We know the rules and we do it anyway so just let up a little. We could change the school. Just change the policy to letting us text during lunch and free periods. It would make us feel better and you could trust us more. It is embarrassing to have your cell phone go off in class. Some times we just forget about it because we always have it.

Thank you for listening and reading my letter. I hope it makes a change. We just want use our cell phones during lunch and free periods. That is not to much to ask, is it?

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME   