Do you think is valuable to read the emotion expressions of students in a classroom?

I believe using technology to read emotional expressions of students is valuable because you can identify how they are feeling and learn their emotional expression. Is also valuable because you can tell if it work well or not. This is a way of testing this new technology and using it. Is to see everyone emotion such as happy,sad,angry,excited, shocked, etc. This is also a good idea to use this technology so they can identify if the students emotion is real or fake.

"A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." The purpose of this technology is to identify each emotion expression. You can see the students emotions even if they are trying to hide it. The article also said that "new software has been developed that improves accuracy in perceiving the emotions of others." Is a better way for humans and computers to communicate, also can calculate.

Teacher can help the students by identifying their emotions because it will make them feel better. This technology will be so useful because you don't have to worry about looking at students let the technology handle it. Is valuable because it shows how they feel their expression and emotion." The technology can identify six basic emotion happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. "The technology can associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles."

The article said "the process begins when the computer constructs a 3D computer mode of the face, all 44 major muscles in the model. What the technology does is first it identify the emotion expression then is match with the characteristic movements. Each facial expressions emotion are universal stated in the text. Is valuable because the technology can also identify mixed emotions, it can do alot of cool things. It is believe that humans perform the same impressive calculation everyday, which is true.

In conclusion i really believe that using this technology to identify students emotion expression is valuable. Not only does it help the teachers but i think it can really help the sudents too.

The most valuable thing from the technology is identifying multiple emotion or mixed emotions. This technology can also be really useful in the future becasue it has tons of things it can do. I agree with this claim that using this to identify emotions are valuable and helpful.   