During the summer some schools require summer projects for the students to do over summer break. The schools give out these projects to ensure that the students are still learning during the summer. The goal of these projects was to ensure that when the students get back from summer break they would have remembered lessons from last school year or that they have learned something new. These projects can be teacher-designed or student-designed, allowing these projects to be student-designed can allow the students to showcase the skills and lessons they have learned during summer break. With these projects being student-designed they can also show the creativity of a student. However, if the projects were to be teacher-designed it could cause more stress on the students that they do not need to deal with during the summer.

When summer break starts all the students can think about is how they get to hang out with friends or relax during summer they do not think about school at all because school is finally out and they do not have to do anymore homework. Giving out projects for them to do during the summer can be stressful because it could be a very hard subject for the student to focus on. Having to come up with multiple projects over the summer can be overwhelming to the students because not every student has the resources to complete certain projects. If the projects were to be designed by the teachers it could make the students stress more about it because the student might not know a lot of information about that topic since they might not remember a lot about that subject. The projects could be on a topic that the student might not know about which would require them to put more work and effort into the projects which could result in less time to relax.

Learning new things for students can be exciting for them when it comes to learning something new in away that does not take the fun away. With these projects being student-designed the student would have more fun learning about the subject that they choose to do because the subject would have been in an area that they might know a lot about or the subject could have been in an area that the student was very interested in learning about. Having the students choose the topic of their project is better than having a teacher choose because the student could have been very curious about a certain topic that the teacher has never taught so they were not able to learn about it in school. Learning in school is limited to certain topics, which could not satisfy the students that want to learn something new that they have never heard about. Schools can limit a students area of topic because there are some topics that might not be available for the students to take during school so they have to learn about it outside of school which can be frustrating for them because not everything they find on the internet is true so they would not know if what they were learning was actual facts or not.

Some people might say that the summer projects should be teacher-designed because then the students would not have to rush at the end of summer to get all of these projects done or that they would not have to worry about coming up with projects to do during the summer. However, having these projects be student-designed can show the creativity of a student. Students are more likely to do summer projects if they are able to be created by themselves because it allows them to express their selves and get a grade for it. Showing creativity for a student can be very important when it comes to creating projects because they want to show that they have actually put time and effort into the projects and that they did not just throw them together last minute. Putting in time and effort into school projects can give the students a lot of confidence because the student knows that they have fully researched the subject and that when they make the projects they know that they will get a good grade. It can also allow the students to be more open minded when coming up with these projects because the projects have to show what they have learned over the summer whether it is something new or something that they already know.

Making students do projects over the summer is a good idea because it allows them to keep learning however, the projects should be student-designed because students are not always going to do a project that is designed by a teacher since they know that the topic could be boring or not interest them at all. Having students come up with their own projects is beneficial for them because they are the ones in control of what they have to learn about and they are the ones that have to be able to come up with their project topics. Being able to showcase the creativity of the student and what they have learned is very important to them because it can give them confidence when they are putting together their projects. Since it allows them to show the skills that they have learned over the summer in order to complete the projects students would be more satisfied with the outcome of the projects and the grades that they get. These project will also allow students to show what type of things they are interested in learning about which could help the teachers get a better understanding of their students and what they want to learn about.