Im for driverless car , becasue i believe that it would make driving alot more safe for people and would let people know whats happening before it happens. it saves money too. the reason i say ir saves money is becasue it would be better on fuel . "use half he fuel of todays taxis." it would be both more safe for the driver and the other person becasue it alerts the driver when something is about to happen or if it needs human skills to move through an area.

They started creating and thinking about driverless cars late 1950's , the first concpet car was made by general motors , the car ran on a special test track that allowed the car to follow it . another company tried a similare thing , but it worked with magnets in the road. so instead of the techonolgy begin in the car it was in the road , the system worked well , but it would be to expensive to replace all the current roads with this new one . It wouldnt be praticial for anybody.

Now the concpets of driverless cars arent that far away because of all the techonoly we have now in the world. Google modifeid the Toyota prius . They use sensors on the left wheel to position it , it has a rotatiing sensors on the roof, video camrea mounted on the rear , it has four automotive radar sensors , and a intertial sensor. All the techonoly i just named off helps the car be aware of its surrondings. the rotating sensor on the roof makes a 3-D model of the cars surrondings to keeps track whats going on. the driverless car mimics the skills of a humam at the wheel. The driversless cars are not fully without need of human skill, in diffcult or dangerous sistutation the car will alret the driver to take hold of the wheel and move through it . The car stills requires the human to remain alret the whole time while in the car .

The only problem with dreverless cars is that most law makers do not know if it is more safe with driverless cars or with humans drivers. Law makers know that the safety is best when they have alret drivers. Since lawmakers think that driverless cars are illegal in most states , expect for California , Nevada,Flordia , and the District of Columbia. Those states though hae limityed use of semi-autonoues cars. Most manufactures believe that more states will follow with the others one once they assure them that they ae reiably safe. Another thing is needed once the say its legal, they would have to make new laws just incase someone does get into an accdient. who would be liable for the acceident , the car or the human behind the streeing wheel.

The facts and states i put above in the beggignig and middle paragraps are the reason i believe driverless cars would be more safe. They have the techonolgy to keep us alert and safe at all times. They adjust their selfs to the apporiate sisutatuion . They would safe gas and more then likely save lifes in the long run , because of the techonolgy they have in them to keep us safe and out of danger. 