Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. Some people like to attend school, while others prefer doing it by using online or video conferencing. Video conferencing is a fast and easy way to talk with people almost everywhere, even if the people using online chats or video conferencing are not together. In some cases video conferencing and online chatting can't be an option for some people, either there's no internet connection or that person doesn't have the electronic device needed.

The usage of distance learning to attend classes from home is not as beneficial as attending to school. When a student is using online or video conferencing to attend classes from school, he or she is more likely to get distracted, the teacher in the online or virtual conference, apart from teaching, he or she should be constantly watching the screen to see if all the students are still listening. Because the teacher can't control the students and what are they doing at the other side of the laptop, desktop ,or tablet, the students can be playing with the phone or doing something that they are not allowed to in an angle, so that the camera of the device in the video conference can't see it, and the teacher wouldn't notice.

Students attending to school can be controlled by teachers, students with control wouldn't be as distracted as those who have no control and can do a lot of things without being caught. The students that get distracted will be more likely to get worst grades than the ones that attend to school and are controlled by teachers. Online or video conferencing depends on the internet and device that you are using, there's people that can't afford that, and people that can, also have problems. If the power of the city or district goes out, it means that also people using video conferences wouldn't have electricity in the house, making impossible to attend classes from home. Even if the power is on, some people have slow internet connection, and an online server wit a hole class working at the same time, will make that person's video conference go slow or lag, witch means that the same person would be missing information, making his or her grades go down grades go down and it wouldn't benefit him or her.

Some people may think that online or video conference is more beneficial,because bullying would be reduced, due to the fact that there wouldn't be discrimination, since all the students using the online or video conference are at home. On the other hand, students that attend to school can make friends and would have a better social life than the students attending by video conference. At school there is always people ho can help someone with bullying problems: teachers, counselors, principals, and even the staff people, while at online or video conferencing theres another type of bullying that is called cyberbullying, and no teachers, counselors, or principals can help.

In conclusion, online or video conferencing won't benefit students more than attending regularly to school. Online or video conferencing have a lot of problems that would make the student get distracted, get worst grades, and because of that get more stressed. One solution that can be applied for those who prefer attending to classes from home is to pay private tutors that go to someones home and teaches him or her the same concepts that students are learning at school, and to improve someones social life, he or she could practice different sports or activities in teams to meet people and make friends.