Generic_Name enjoyed going to school so he could socialize with friends and learn about new things. That all changed when his principle decided to make every student required to participate in one or more extracurricular activity. This greatly angered Generic_Name and his parents; many other students felt the same way as he did. None of the activities listed spiked an interest in Generic_Name, but he was forced to participate in one. All the activities took a considerable chunk of time from him which resulted him losing time with his family and friends. Generic_Name thought to himself, "Why do I have to do these extremely boring and useless activities?" Over the course of several weeks, these activities continued and his stress level skyrocketed; his grades started to plummet due to all his stress and he also lost some friends due to his increased irritation due to the activities. He felt like these extracurricular activities have ruined his life. Students should not be required to take extracurricular activities because they may not have interest in any of the activities, they may not have the time to participate in any actives and, students should not be forced to spend any more time at school than they need.

One of the more important reasons why students should not be forced to participate in extracurricular activities is because that they may not be interested in any of the activities. When students are forced to do something they don't enjoy, it makes them frustrated and not willing to work. If students and not interested in an activity, why force them to it as it will interfere with the students that are genuinely interested in the activity? A supporter of required extracurricular activities would say that it allows students to try new things that they may enjoy. However, this is just not the case for most students because students can determine what an activity would be like with the given information. Most people would not want to do something they don't enjoy, so why make the students do it?

A contributing factor to why students should not be forced to participate in extracurricular activities is because that students may not have the time to participate in any activities. As more and more students do activities not related to the school, they would not be able to participate in extracurricular activities. Students may also not have time due to them being with family and friends and students should have to be away from family and friends if they don't want to. A supporter of extracurricular activities would say that students would manage their time wisely. That is false due to the fact that students may not be able to change to time for their other activities and they might only to be able to see their family and friends at certain times. If students don't have the time for extracurricular activities, they shouldn't have to participate in them.

The most important reason why students should not be forced to participate in extracurricular activities is because students should not be forced to spend any more time at school than they need. As students already spend up to seven hours a day in school, they shouldn't have to spend anymore time than they want. What students want to do after school should be up to them, not the school. Forcing students to do something unneeded that takes up their precious time is just wrong; Student's time should not be stolen like this. A supporter of extracurricular activities would say that forcing students to participate in these activities would be beneficial them. This is not the case because students would not get a benefit from being forced, it would be the opposite. Students shouldn't be forced to do something, they should have the option to do something, but not be forced.

Though extracurricular activities may be beneficial to some, it is not for all students. Students should not be required to take extracurricular activities because they may not have interest in any of the activities, they may not have the time to participate in any actives and, students should not be forced to spend any more time at school than they need. If students were forced to do extracurricular activities, it would be problematic for the students and the school. Students should be able to decide how they want to spend their youth, not the school. If you could change any of my reasons, what would you change?