Do you think that a summer project would be easier if the teacher created it or yourself? Well here's what I think, I think that the summer project would be much more easier to do if the teacher created it. Here's why I say that because if the teacher design the project you might have an easy topic or get a better understanding on what to do or what the project is about. Also if the teacher creates the project there's a possibility more kids would do it because they understand what their suppose to do instead of over thinking and stressing themselves. If the students was to created an project the project will most likely be similar or not complete.

The teachers could do weekly check ups and see how the students doing with their projects and to see if some students are even doing them or answer any questions the students may have about the project that was given. Students should also be able to get in contact with the teacher just in case they have any concerns or questions about the project. I think this will also be good for students so there brain could stay refresh while they out of school. That's why I feel as though the teacher should create the projects and not the students. If you think about if it was up to a student to come up with a project over the summer it would not get done because, most kids look at it like it's summer break and wouldn't even look or think about the project.

Now, personally if I was in that predicament I would want my teacher to give me an topic or a subject on what my project should be about. If I try and do it on my own I over think and I get frustrated and give up and would not get it done, and i'm pretty sure i'm not the only one like this. From a child's perspective we would't want any projects during the summer time and if we was to get it we would want the easy way out like letting our teacher design the projects. Teachers are like our boosters for instance, if were completely lost on what to do or how to do something and we ask our teachers for help. They starting breaking stuff down to your understanding now you have more knowledge and understand what your suppose to do a little better.

Doing these projects could actually be fun. You can have fun and learn at the same time but it all depends on who your teacher is and what your topic or subject is about. Also these projects could really benefit us kids especially if we dont have nothing to do but sit at home and watch TV or play the game all day. Students don't mind learning but we would like to learn in a fun way. Instead of getting packets or textbooks we would like to play educational games and watch interesting school appropriate movies or small video clips.

So that's why teacher I feel as though the summer projects should be teacher designed. It would help students and more students will most likely do the project because of the teacher help. It will also be more easier for us students to ask questions and get help than to give up and stress themselves out about it. Giving summer projects will be beneficial and fun but only if it's teacher designed and not students.          