Based on the articles for " Car-Free Cities", not having or limiting car usage will not only change our lives, but it could also make our cities a better place to live. As Heidrum Walter says

"when i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way"

source 1. We could all agree that when we are driving we are mostly worried about if we could crash or no, if we might get a ticket, this causes us to be tense and might affect our health. So why not just leave the car for a minute and walk or use a bycicle?

limiting car usage will also improve the conditions of our environment, by not using cars as much as we do we can reduce greenhouse gases, which could help preserve the ozone layer. According to source 2 ''

After days of near-record pollution, paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of globla city''

. If in some days a big city could reduce the amount of air pullution by a partial driving ban, imagine what will happened if the amount of driving cars is reduce for years. Reducing car usage could also help our health, studies show that the people that are sitting most of the day are most likely to get cancer,  most of the people out there are driving all day and they dont do any type of exercise.

In conclusion, let me just emphesize that reducing car usage will bring positive changes not only to our lives but to our environment. As a business man from colombia name Carlos says'

'It's a good opportunity to take away streess an lower air pollution"

(source 3). All around the world people are leaving and selling their cars, according from the sources. In germany, paris,and colombia they all have  or had car-free cities for a day. As we can see all of those people  had positive changes in their lives the minute they left the car. Why dont we just try to be car-free for a day and see how better you will feel.  By going one day without cars we could also support president  Obama's amitious goals to curb the United States greenhouse gas emmisions

(source 4) and we could also reduce  the amount of people getting sick.    