I think seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. When getting multiple opinions it can help you make a better decision because you can see all sides of the situation. Another reason it is important is that you can have the positives and the negatives of what could happen. The last reason is that you could change your view or opinion on the situation.

When making a big or little decision it is always good to have multiple points of views. Instead of just having one or two, you could have five or six and have more thought go into your decision. One good thing about this is that you could have people that don't think or act the same as you look at the situation and give you advice on what to do. If you get multiple opinions you will probably talk to a few people who have had to make a tough decision before. They could help you figure it out or tell you what they did when they were in the same situation. What I think is the most important reason is, is that you are able to explore people that don't think the sames as you opinions and your decision will most likely become easier to make once you have heard other peoples advice.

When getting different peoples advice it could sometimes change how you look and think about your decision. One good thing that comes out of multiple peoples advice is that you could realize the decision you are about to make might not be as good as you thought it was. You could also change how you look at the decision and realize that there could be better options where you would be happier. The last reason is that you might be on the verge of making that decision just because you think it would be better for you even though it is not. If you talk to a couple of people about it they could change your mind and you would be grateful you didn't follow through after all.

The last reason that it is a good idea to get multiple opinions to make a better choice is that you can get the pros and cons of a situation. One good reason to get the positives and negatives is because you will be able to compare if the good things about this decision out weigh the bad things. Another thing is that you decide if the risk is worth the reward. The final reason is that by comparing the goods and bads you might realize that you could be affected in a bad way more than you could be affected in a good way.

In conclusion, when asking for advice more opinions is always better than less when getting advice. Getting multiple opinions is good because you have more ways to think about the situation, you can look at the pros and cons and what could go wrong, and the last reason is you could change your view of the situation if other people tell you or convince you its not a good idea. 