Phone or No Phone?

Many people in the world today are distracted by a little screen called a cell phone. Some say they are dangerous while driving, have you ever thought of them being safe while driving? Having cell phones in a vehicle period can be safer, they do not have to be texting and driving. See, if you were to pick up the cell phone while driving, then of course it would be dangerous and put you at a higher risk. However, when you have a cell phone in the vehicle it can be used for navigation, emergencies, and for the parent's safety.

Imagine driving in the middle of nowhere and not having a clue of where you are going. That is where having a cell phone comes into place. You can use navigation on your device and it will give you a faster route and show you where you are going. It will also give you options on the nearest gas stations, places to eat, and resting places. With navigation, you are more likely to not get lost and it also gives you a destined time of arrival, along with faster routes.

Being safe in a vehicle is top priority, which is why having a cell phone can reduce the risks when there is an emergency. For instance, if there happens to be a car crash and someone is injured and if you have your cell phone then you can call for help. This can reduce the number of people getting injured and they can be sent to safety faster. Also, when you call for help and you happen to not know where you are, the police or whoever can track your phone and locate where you are and you will be able to receive, help. Even with this new technology, most cars have a method called "hands-free" and you are able to call, text, and navigate while keeping your hands on the steering wheel at all times. that is why Getting help quicker and easier is top priority for someone who just got into a car accident, and cell phones can make that happen, and how the hands-free method reduces these risks.

The last safety cell phones offer is the ability for a parent with children to know where they are at all times. Today with the new technology parents are able to track their kids with just one touch. If something were to happen to their child and the parent does not know where they are, they can track their phone and it tell them where they are. For example, there is an app called life three-sixty and this app allows the parents to see where their children are going, how fast they are going, if they run a red light, are speeding, etc. This app is very crucial when it come to a parent looking out for their kid. This app almost helps the parents because they feel a sense of comfort, knowing where their child is at.

Overall, having a phone in the vehicle while you are driving can be safe when it comes down to certain priorities. As long as you don't pick up the phone while driving, or go down to look at it. You are safe and put yourself at a lower risk. Things like having a GPS helps you navigate where you are, and can locate you for emergencies, as well as the parents feeling comforted knowing where their child is with one touch at their hands. Having a cellular device in a vehicle is safe, however it is up to you whether you want to put your life at risk when picking the phone up.                