Does seeking multiple opinions help you make a better choice? Seeking multiple opinions help you make a better choice because it's more helpful than asking for just one opinion, it gives you more knowledge, and you see others point of view.

Seeking for multiple opinions is more helpful than seeking for just one opinion. Asking one person for their opinion wouldn't help you make a better choice. One opinion is not as much as multiple opinions. Multiple opinions have a bigger impact on your decision. The more opinions you get, changes the way you think about your decision and it helps you make the best one for you. Asking just one person for their opinion doesn't help you make a better choice but, asking multiple people does. You can be brought down by one opinion if it's negative but, if you ask for multiple opinions you can get some positive and some negative and both of them will help you decide what the right choice is. Seeking multiple opinions is better than seeking just one opinions because one persons opinion doesn't matter as much as multiple peoples opinion, multiple opinions have a bigger impact on your decision, asking for one opinion isn't as effective as asking for multiple opinions to make a better choice.

You get more knowledge on the topic you are asking opinions for. More knowledge helps you make a wiser decision. If you are choosing your future career, advice/opinions will give you more knowledge on what you can chose and it will help you chose the best job for you. It changes the way you think. You hear all those opinions which tells you what people think and it could change the way you think. It helps approach a thought in a different way. When you ask for advice you are getting knowledge and it makes you approach a thought in a different way. More knowledge is important because it helps you make a wiser decision, changes the way you think, and helps approach a thought in a different way.

Seeking many opinions help you see others point of view. It makes you question yourself. You keep asking yourself is this the right choice for me, which is a good thing because it helps you decide what's best for you. It helps you see how people think about your decision. You are able to see whether their opinion is something negative or positive. Others opinions make you either quit your goal or keep pushing towards it. Positive opinions will make you feel like your doing the right thing but, negative opinions will make you think your doing the wrong thing. Seeking multiple opinions is a good thing because it makes you question yourself, see the way other people think, see if your doing the right thing, and all of these make you chose the best choice for yourself.

Seeking multiple opinions help you make a better choice because it's more helpful than asking for just one opinion, it gives you more knowledge, and you see others point of view. Seeking for multiple opinions is more helpful than seeking for one opinion. You get more knowledge on the topic you are asking opinions for. Seeking many opinions help you see others point of view. So do you think asking for multiple advice/opinions help you make a better choice?