Dear, Senator

I'am a conserend voter that belives you should represent the people of your party and should apose the electoral college. It causes an unnecissary complication for voting for who will represent the face of the best country on earth. We the people do not want to get the wrong president to represent the majority of the population. The chances of an indefined out come through electoral college may be low but when it comes down to the presidency nothing should be left to chance.

The voters should know how the system of voting for president. They are the ones that deside so they should know how there vote can be used to have the greatest affect. Bradford Plumer states "voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate...sometimes". A democracy is when the people deside the destiny of there country. For them not to know what there chosing takes power out of the hands of the people.

The Winner-takes-all system is ok when your on the playground as a childs it does not work in the real world. This system creates Swing States. Acording to Richard A. Posner "method of awarding electoral votes induces the candidates to focuse their campaign efforts on the toss-up sates". This draws attention away from other states. Bradford Plumer explanes that "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen sates didn't see the candidates at all". He also clames "puting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voters in ohio". This is not right each vote should be just as important as anyother and no state should be the desiding outcome in an election.

Chance is a crazy thing. If there is a chance of something happening and it's given time it will happen. A number of weird outcomes can happen with electoral college. One outcome is the posibility of having a tie. Richard A. Posner explains"A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538- is an even number". If a tie happens the represenetives vote for the people and because each state has one vote per electoral college..."55 representatives from california, who represent 35 millon voters.". Second posible out come is the majority vote goes to one canadite and the electoral college goes to the other. For example Bradford Plumer wrote"This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency." These are just two of the odd outcomes of electoral colleges could cause.

Electoral college don't solve problems but creat them. The best way to put it is this..."It's official: The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. The best arguments in favor of it are most assertions without much basis in reality. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best."~(Bradford Plumer)~    