Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Suppose a community free from clutter and a safe haven for all the residents that live there. I think that community service should be necessary for all students to do. I think this because community service helps improve the community's look. Also, many people can benefit from students doing community service. Lastly, doing community service helps to promote a student a healthy lifestyle for years to come.

First, community service helps improve a community's overall look. Picking up trash from places, unobservant individuals might drop them, is a praiseworthy way to make the area not look dirty. Signs should also be put up that says, "No Littering." Also, I suggest attaching a fine so people won't be tempted to do it again. Clearing up storm drains helps make it so when it rains the water will be able to flow freely, instead of it being clogged up.

Second, many people can benefit from students participating in community service. Students that go to nursing homes, and going to the senior citizens to greet them and sing to them will truly warm their hearts. Doing this gives the senior citizens happiness, helping local medical facilities would also be a creditable way to help the community, helping in a blood drive for example would mean someone who needed blood would be given it.

Third, doing community service helps to promote a students a healthy lifestyle for years to come. Instead, of staying home watching television or playing video games all day. Students can become active in their life. This would also prevent obesity because getting out there and helping the community would mean a good exercise.

In Summation, I think making community service required for all students to do is a good idea because community service helps improve the community's look. Also, many people can benefit from students doing community service. Lastly, doing community service helps promote a student a healthy lifestyle for years to come. The school and the community would be indebted to the students that did this.