I don't think it would benefit students to attend classes from home by online such as video conference Why? because they would get distracted by anything else at home and also they wouldn't have the chance to experience what it would be like in school.

If they attend school from home how would they get things done at home? they have the chance to do something else other then school work because they are going on their time. They also are not supervised with teacher like they would at school. They could easily get answers when it comes to tests and quizzes so where would the challenge be when you could just do that. When you are at school you are supervised so there is no looking up answer,you actually have to study to accomplish things. You could easily get distracted by things at home even say I dont want to do it anymore and I feel like thats the risk it would take if students are allowed to take classes at home online.

Students also would miss the chance to experience what it would be like in school. The chance to meet new people, make friends,and just simple socialize with other peers. It would also help students for the real world because when you work you can't do it from home on a computer. You actually have to show up to work and work with others. You also miss the chance to do other things that you would in school that you can't at home like join a club or play a sport and actually do so much that you can't at home. Have that motivation to wake up and go to school and challenge your self and prepare yourself for the world. When you are at home,wouldn't you get board being home all day instead of being at school and just enjoying it. Yes it's a struggle waking up early in the morning to go to school but also it's boring staying home and missing all the things you can do and learn at school with friends and teachers.

I understand why some students would consider taking classes from home maybe they have a personally reason or they can't keep up and rather take their time at home but for that reason you would have to do your best and not get distracted. Being home may help them do better then at school I understand but I think you miss a lot and all the experience that you could get at school. I personally don't think it would benefit missing all that and knowing how it would be. When you get a job that you dont have the option to do it home in the computer so how would you learn and know what it's like.

Therefor I don't think students would benefit from attending classes at home by online or video conferencing. Student should attend school and experience it all not be home distracted and miss many chances to learn new things and socialize with peers. Maybe even discover what they are good and take that for their future.        