NASA often wonders about each planet and if they can support human life. They often send astronauts out to explore the other planets in our solar system and see what lies on the surface. Related to Earth, Mars and Venus are the only other two planets that relate most to the Earth in ways such as climate and being able to support human life. Studies have been done on Mars and the studies show that Mars is very similar to the Earth but they have not yet determined if the planet can provide life for humans. But what about Venus? It is very similar to Earth as well but why have no studies been recorded on Venus?

Venus is often called the "Evening star" but it isn't actually a star, it's a planet. Venus is also called "Earth's twin" because of it's similarity in size and density to Earth. Venus, Earth and Mars all orbit the Sun, but at different speeds. These different speeds often result in humans being able to see Venus as if it is a star. Many spacecrafts have been sent to Venus to conduct stuides but none have ever been successful due to the conditons of Venus' surafce. I think that if humans could find a way to safely observe Venus and determine it's climate and what is on the surface, then it would be worth the risk of getting close to the planet.

Astronomers wonder why the conditions of Venus are the way they are such as being draped in a thick layer of carbon dioxide and what could have caused it. They are also fascinated by the fact that Venus could have been able to sustain oceans like Earth does at one time but they just haven't found a way to get down the the surface yet. I think if NASA could find a way to get down to the surface of Venus it would be important because they could possibly come up with an answer as to why Venus is not able to support life. The terrain of Venus is very similar to Earth, such as having hills, valleys, and mountains which makes astronomers wonder if human life could have actually lived on this planet at one time. But if humans could actually get down to the surface of Venus we could possibly determine what is causing the carbon dioxide blanket or what is causing the conditions of Venus to become so extreme.

Many people wonder, "well how could humans get down to Venus without risking their lives?" Humans cannot actually get down to the surface of Venus and have enough time to roam the surface of the planet and observe the causes of it's conditions because of the temperature and pressure beneath the cloud of carbon dioxide. Although these conditions are life threatening, NASA has came up with an idea to study and observe from a farther perspective. Planes hover over storms in order to keep passangers safe so NASA has came up with an idea to build a blimp like vehicle. This vehicle will be able to hover 30 or so miles above the atmosphere of Venus. By performing this experiment, humans will be able to safely observe the surface of Venus without putting themselves at any risk.

Although if this experiment were to actually happen, the temperatures would still be very high but the air pressure would be suitable for humans. The other let down of being able to stay above the atmosphere of Venus is that not enough light would be able to shine through the atmosphere of Venus so that humans could have a clear visual as to what is on the surface. It would help human curiosity if this experiment could be conducted but many other risks play a big role in ths experiment as well. We have to think about the right materials needed in order to safely send humans into space near Venus and to also make sure they are able to safely return to Earth. If we send humans up into space we also want to make sure they have the proper equipment to keep themselve safe. They would also need to have a backup plan/procedure in case something were to go wrong. A humans curiosities about Venus can be met but the correct knowledge and protection qualifications have to be met first in order to conduct the experiment safely.    