We all are sometimes going to need advice from people. We aren't always going to make good choices but getting advice will help in the future. Getting advice from other people will help you know how to make better choices.

Also, think about how others opinions are going to help with making a better choice, and how its going to effect on what you choose to do.

Getting advice from other people can help you know how to make better choice. I can relate to think because I ask my parents for advice about things all the time. They tell me how i can make the situation better and how i can prevent it from happening again. An example is if you get in a fight with a sibling, you can walk away and just go straight to your parents instead of hitting them back or whatever they do to you.

Think about how others opinions are going to help you make a better choice.

I can relate to this because when something happens i think about what my parents say and I know that if i use their advice it will make the situation better. An example is you got into an argument about something and you dont want to make the situation worse. So you think about what the person you asked for advice said and use it for the situation you are in.

Also think about how is it going to effect on what you choose to do. If you use their advice you probably wont get into any fights or arguments as much and won"t have to worry about getting into as much or no trouble. I can relate to this because if i get into a fight with my sibling. I think about what my parents would say if i did anything and how much trouble i would get my self into. An example is when someone is talking bad about you. You would think about what would happen if you fight them and what your parent advice was when you told them about it. would you still go after them even if you talked to your parents about it and got their advice.

Will you use their advice or will you just do whatever you think is right? Getting other peoples advice will really help when you are in a situation that you could get into a lot of trouble. Use their advice because it will really help you in the future. 