Dear state senator,

I ask you  to change the voting methods to popular vote instaed of Electoral collage because the candidates for presidency give no importance to small states that do not have many electoral collage votes; focus more on those that have many Electoral collage votes and candidates for presidency dont need to be the most popular of all to win the presidency.

Candidates don't really care for small states with small population because they know that they don't matter in the resultof them being elected as president or not. According to "The Indefensible Electoral Collage: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford  Plumer "Seventeen states didn't see the candidates al all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get so see a single campain as. "You may ask yourself why they didn't see any of of this well one thing that both of them share is that they dont have as many electoral collage votes as other states like Califoprnia that has 55 electoral votes. And it's a winner take all the less popular candidate from the state doesn't get any votes at all.

You dont have to be the most popular in the nation in order to win the precidency and its a winner take all. According to the "The Indefensible Electoral Collage: Why even the best-laid defense of the system are wrong" by Bradford  Plumer "Voters vote not for the president, but for a slater of elctors, who in turn elect the president." For example when bush was running for precident he was not the most popular in the natuion and Gore was, in the end Bush was elected president for winning more the electoral votes then Gore. This is unfair for many people because more then half the nation didn't want Bush but yet he was elected without the popular vote.

However According to "In Defense of the Electoral Collage: Five reasons to keep our despised methods of choosing the

President"  by Richard A. Posner there is less likely to be a dispute over the electoral collage votes then in a dispute over the popular vote. It also requires a a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. "The electoral collage avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast.

This is why I ask you state senator to change from Electoral Collage voting methed to The Popular voting to elect The President Of The United states Of America  because the candidates for presidency give no importance to small states that do not have many electoral collage votes and care more for those that do plus the candidate doesn't have to be the most popular in the to win the elections to become the President of the U.S.A.                           