Have you ever thought to yourself that perhaps your child could learn better at home than at school? Many children learn better at home than at school and there is many reasons why they do better at home than in school. Although some people believe that learning at school is a great idea because they get to work with other students, actually being home schooled would be better for any other student because they would concentrate better and learn differently.

Those who believe that their child could learn better at school have their reasons why such as, they would get to communicate with other students and get different opinions in certain subjects. Another reason could be, not only would they get help from a teacher, but they would also get help from other teachers and students who could explain certain things to them in a different way.

However, learning at home by a way of online classes or video conferencing could be better for any student currently attending a public or private school. Your child would most definitely concentrate better at home than at school. They would not have any sort of distraction while they are learning at home. For example, I have a friend who got injured and could not attend school for almost 4 to 5 months. Therefore his parents decide to bring his education to his home. He was officially taking online classes at home for a good period of time and he said that, learning at home is way better than learning at school because you dont get distracted too easily and you concentrate better.

Also, taking online classes or video conferencing would be a benefit from being able to attend classes from home, because they would be able to experience a different type of learning. They would only get a teacher to teach them all 4 subjects in a matter of hours and they would not have to take any electives. Once they are done with all their classes for the day, they would get to be home and rest or be on their phones/ laptops. For example, that same friend of mine who got injured; he would be taught or sometimes take a test and once he was done with everything, he would have the whole day to himself because he did not have any electives and did not have anything else to do.

In conclusion, there are many reasons why taking online classes or having a video conferencing is a better idea. Although some people believe that learning at school is a great idea because they get to work with other students, actually being home schooled would be better for any other student because they would concentrate better and learn differently.