Summer projects, even though most kids disagree with these being assigned in the summer, are a great way to make sure kids keep being productive and expanding their knowledge throughout the summer. That makes them very important since most kids detach themselves from school related activities in the summer and making students have a project done by the beginning of the school year, will make sure they are ready to come to school, be productive, and learn. Summer projects should be student-designed because it will make the student have more fun and expand their creativity while also assuring the best results.

Summer is about being able to do whatever and have fun. While some students believe that big summer projects could take away from the fun, making them student- designed will ensure that students make them based on things that they enjoy. Also, having students design their projects will make them really think and be creative. When grading these projects, teachers should partially grade them off of creativity. These types of projects can be truly amazing because they can show how creative kids can be when given time and a choice and show what great things they are capable of.

Kids always do better when they are inspired and have the choice to do things their way. People are able to show their best when they are inspired and enjoy what they are doing. A great example of this can be seen in the workplace in the way that people that don't enjoy what they do for a living do not normally give the best results. This always applies to every one.

Even though student-designed projects are great, teacher-designed projects are more predictable and easier to grade. If teachers design the projects, then most students will do similar things unlike with student-designed projects. If every student does something different, then the grading system for them will be a lot more complex making it a lot more difficult on the teachers.

Although student-designed projects are unpredictable and more diverse. They promote all the good things about learning and make sure that they are making the best out of their summers. The positives completely outweigh the negatives since you are able to see the great potential all kids contain if they work on things that they are passionate about.         