I agree with this statement because this can help students social skills. This helps their social skills because when they are doing new things like playing a sport,doing student council,and working on yearbooks all of those things include team work. Students will have to work with their peers while on a sports team when they are competing or even at practice, because they have to communicate what their next move is going to be. When your in a team working on yearbooks you and your team have to work together to come up with designs,headlines,and even captions. This takes a lot of social skills because you have to agree on ideas, and to help each other to create a final product. Even while doing student council for a extracurricular activity takes a lot of social skills, because you have to work together to create fun and amazing actives for the students at your schools. You also have to communicate with the students in your school to see what ideas they have for actives they would like to see and come to in the future.

Having friends is a big part in life so your not lonely, so these activities can help you with making new friends. When your playing a sport or even watching a sport on TV you can tell that they are like a family. So when your playing a sport maybe you are playing with people you haven't meet before, thats a great opportunities to talk and see what you guys have in common. Yearbook is a very good way to make friends because you are in groups working and planning together, and that helps you get to know them more by talking and hearing there ideas. Also by interviewing people and taking pictures of the people in your school can help you meet new people that you havent meet before. Student council is a great opportunity to make friends because you are working with people everyday to make school a fun place to be. Even hosting event can be a great place to mingle with new and even older kids in you school.

This reason ties in with the first two but its very important because this reason helps the kids to be more outgoing. I am a very shy person so I know how it feels when you go somewhere new and you dont know anybody. These things can helps students break out of their shell and talk to new people. Also this helps students be more outgoing to a teacher as well because that helps student feel safe, and helps then feel ensured that they have a trusted adult. Having a trusted adult is a good thing for kids when they are going through hard times, because they are to scared and shy to trust someone they just meet, and to tell their issues to. Being outgoing is a good trait in life so you can make friends and be able to do new thing, and not be scared about doing it. Which is why it's good to be outgoing earlier in life, so when you get older it's easier to get a job. I'd say be outgoing is a very good thing to be good at and being able to stay after with new people and talk with them can have an impact on that.

Extracurricular actives can help you get away from negative things in your life that you might go home to,or face in a school day. These actives can keep you away from those thing because then this is your time to stay at school for a longer and do something you enjoy. These actives can help you get you mind off of thing happening in your life and bad things that happen at school and maybe help you feel less overwhelmed. Not having to go home straight away to do all the homework, and you get to hangout with friends and relax from school work. Program like these have shown that these things help kids do better in school because they have something they enjoy in their day and not be pressured to get good grades and to spend hours on homework everyday to get perfect scores on their test. Students need time to have a time to them self to release stress and have a good time with their friends.

Having these actives for kids help them stay active while they are participating in a sport and even when they are participating in other actives the school offers. These thing help kids get out of their house and stops them from watching TV, and playing video games all the time. Yearbook could be a better solution because even though your looking at a computer it still helps your brain going and helps your brain thinking. Programs that allow kids to do extra actives allows the students to be more healthier because they are either moving and exercising their body or their brain. I think a reason that schools have these actives is so students are sitting a home and for students to be more involved at school. Also another thing that these thing helps students health is because they aren't always stressed all the time to heavy classes with lots of homework. These students are doing fun and easy classes to help them be more active and involved at their school.