If you found out that your school had a club in your interest, would you join it? My school has lots of clubs, sports teams, and many more extracurricular activities. Most likely your school has a club or sport team that would fit your hobby. There are many benefits of joining a club. Students will learn how to cooperate in groups, build responsibility and leadership, and will have bigger shots at getting a scholarship and prepare students for their life ahead of them.

Learning to work in groups is an important key in life. Going to college and getting into the work force is not an independent road. No matter what path you choose, you will always have to work in a group at some point. Many clubs at school help build team work. School sports help develop sportsmanship. Every game you play, you have to work as a team to win. Beta Club, helps develop team work too. You must work as a team to compete in competitions at conventions. Other random clubs like Spanish Club, can teach you to learn as a team. Like most people say,"Team work makes the dream work."

Being in a school extracurricular activity, comes with responsibility and leadership. It could be turning in paper work or having to be somewhere at a certain time. Responsibility and leadership play a big role in life. Most clubs have some sort of leadership roles to take. Like the Student Council Association;You can become president or secretary. Leadership is not alone. Leadership comes with responsibility. School clubs help develop that in many ways: Being put in charge of a meeting, keeping up with paper work or club news, and more. If you can't take responsibility you have a high chance of struggling in life.

Yes, extracurricular activities are hard to do or may seem like a waste of time, but there are more benefits to it. School clubs can benefit you a lot in college and life to come. Some clubs offer college scholarships which can hep you a lot in college. If a college you are applying for sees that you are in any academic clubs, such as Beta Club they might offer a scholarship. If you are on a sport team, and you play very well colleges or universities will want you to play for and give you a scholarship. If you are interested in going to college, scholarships are big boosters. The amount of stuff you will learn with being in a school activity will help you in the future;they will prepare you for what to come in adulthood.

Clubs can really make a difference in your life. Theres too much to miss without being in a club. I highly recommend joining a club. They can help you learn how to cooperate as a team, build leadership and responsibility, and prepare you for life ahead. So go join a sports team or any other club. Get more involved; trust me you will have fun and it will really help you later in life.                