Cars are a thing not many people can drive. You dont have a license so you take the bus or get a cab. Who would ever thought in our life time we would be able to create a car that can drive its self. At first sounds like a good idea , all you would need to do is call for a car and it takes you where ever you wanna go right ? As a beginner driver i have no problem with someone driving me around but what happens when the car or technolgy the car is made out of messes up ? Thats always going to be a issue most will always consider talking about next time they have an idea on the car. There are many things that go into creating these cars like money , who is smart enough to do it , who builds it , and what software goes into it. In the coming future will start to invest in these types of ideas that will shape our future.

Google cofounder Sergey Brin has been trying to figure out a way to build upon this idea that we can create a car without anybody that will come pick you up. Movies and Television have depicted what it would be like if our world had a system like that. If this is a big topic why hasnt our gonverment or anybody tried to invest in the idea of a driverless car. Well theres many things we have to consider. Who would be elgible , how much would it cost etc. In the back of my mind i would think would happen if this wass actually a thing and somebody was in the car and it ran off the road or something even worse would happen. What would happen to cab drivers would they lose their jobs ? So there are many factors that go into creating new things. In Paragraph 8 the first sentence reads " Why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver ? " that question can be answered in a sence we would still need to be in the car but would we be controling the car or would we sit back and relax? Theres no problem with that but what happens when there is a car acciendent or a traffic stop infront of you will your car alert you on whats happing ? Will you need to take control of whats happing , basically how ssmart is your car ? In the near future i look forward to seeing the first car that can pick up a human and take them where ever they wanna go with out any problems.

This whole article is a wake up call. What will happen to all the other cars in the world ? Will everyone have to use this system. The public will react in a way that this a bad idea and that it should be scapped but we humans are not big on change. This will help out people who cant afford cars or need help getting home from anywhere they are . I hope that someone actually invest in the project google is trying to do and not reject it . This might cause a lot of people to lose there jobs but might create some at that. Technolgy is good for or race might help us learn more about what we are and what are our limitations. There are negatives but there are postives that outweigh everything that will happen in the future. 