Do you think asking more than one person for advice is a good idea?

Well I think it is, believe it or not when you ask people for advice they have been through the same situation.

Going to ask for advice from more than one person is important.

When you want more advice you should talk to your parents, friends , or a older sibling.

The first person you should talk to is your parents because they are way older than you and they have had more experience with these type of situation.

They also know you better than anyone would because they have raised you and know what the best way for you is. The last reason you should talk to your parent is because they have most likely gone through this problem before which means that they know what will work the best and what wouldn't work.

Most of the time when you ask your parents for advice they give you what solves the problem.

The second person I would recommend talking to is a trusted friend.

They can give you some good advice because you spend almost 6 hours with them at school so they know what happening around you during school.

They would also be pretty honest with you because they want to give you advice that is good for you and that would help.

The final reason to talk with a friend or friends is because this is someone who you can talk to if you don't want to talk about it with you parents and you want to see what they would say before mentioning it to you parents.

The final person I would go talk to is an older sibling.

I would talk to them because they have been in your shoes many times.

So the advice they would give you would help you because it helped them.

Also they can keep this away from your parents.

Not only are they going to give you advice one what you asked them but they can keep it away from your parents until your ready to ask them.

Finally I would ask an older sibling for advice because they are older for a reason.

They most likely are there to help you when you need to so I would use it while you can before they either leave for college or already have left.

Asking more than one person for advice because the more advice you can get the better then end result is for you.                 