The article "Unmasking the Face of Mars" talks about a face formation on the planet Mars that people think was a creation made by aliens. Others think the the face is just formation that formed from natural events. Scientists say that the face is just a natural formation and others think that the face is acutally made by aliens. I think that the face on Mars is actually just a natural formation that occured making the face that is shown. Here is why I think that the face is made by natural events.

The face is actually like other buttes or mesas on Earth that are commonly found. According to the article, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or messa-landforms common around the American West." The face on mars is almost like areas found on Earth making the face seem like it is just a common thing that forms like a butte. Are the buttes or mesas on Earth made by aliens too if the face on Mars was made by aliens? No. The buttes or mesas on Earth are accually formed from natural aspects.

The face could have been formed because of the weather conditions on Mars. According to the article, "The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April '98-a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet. The Camera on board MGS had to peer through wispy clouds to see the Face." The weather conditions on the Red Planet could have been bad on the day that the face was formed. The face could had just been naturally formed because of the weather phenomenon going on in Mars. The planet just could have had bad weather conditions during the time.

When Mars Glodal Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time in 1998, a picture was taken and a natural landformation revealed that there was no alien monument after all. According to the article, "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and his Mas Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, reavealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." That means that the face found on Mars wasn't actually an alien monument. Just a natural landform. When the monument was taken on a sharper picture, the alien monument was actually just a natural formation.

Now you might say that the face found on Mars is accually an alien monument. However, the monument wasn't actually made by aliens, it was made by natural events. According to the article, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West. `It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,` says Garvi. `That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the ame height as the Face on Mar.`" There could have been a volcano that erupted and the lava from it could have hardened forming the face that is on Mars.

In conclusion, th Face on Mars is actually just a natural formation that occured making the face that is shown. The face isn't made from aliens. The face is just a regular formation that occured rom natural events. The face might have been made from aliens according to some people but in reality, the face is made from natural phenomenon.