Should Drivers be allowed to use their phones?

Many people like to use their phone while driving for many reasons. Whether it's for changing the music or to yell at the GPS when you get lost. Sometimes there are emergency phone calls that make you feel like they can't wait. Especially with the growth of technology drivers are most likely to grab their cellphones. Many of these reasons are the main cause of car accidents that happen in today's world. With distractions from the road drivers are most likely to swerve into the other lane or crash into another. Therefore Drivers should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle for the safety of others and for themselves.

Due to a report of accidents that happened in 2018 about "40,000 people lost their lives to car crashes" and 4,637 of those people died in the crash due to cell phone usage. Texting and driving can cause about 5 times as many accidents as drunk driving. Technology has grown and so has the usage of cellphones. Nowadays people use their phone to locate the nearest coffee shop or to watch their shows, the thing is they watch it at the most inappropriate time. Instead of focusing on the road the driver puts all their attention towards the phone causing them to swerve into the other lane or hit another car that's slowing down on the highway. In the state of Georgia there was a bill that was passed known as the House Bill 673. This bill is also known as the `Hands Free Law ' ''. This law basically says that under no condition should the cellphone be in the driver's hand at any time. The consequence of this bill is a "Fine of $50-$150 depending on the offence" (Google). With this bill passed many more civilians will be able to not use their phone and be less likely to get into accidents because if the driver gets caught with it they will have to pay a fine and get a point on their license.

Texting and driving is not only risky but can put the driver and other drivers on the road lives on the line. Just because a driver can get away with texting and driving once doesn't mean it won't catch up to them one day. Based on a real event a teen killed a father and his 10 year old daughter after she "ran a red light because she was allegedly texting" (teensafe. com). The teen was sentenced to 4 year probation and had to do community service. Not only could the driver take one's life and be scarred but could also do damage to their family members. That is why there are clubs and teen meets that talk about the danger of texting and driving and most of the teachers have experience the horror themselves or had lost a loved one due to an event like the mother of a teen in washington who "Died after she was allegedly distracted by an incoming text while driving" (teensafe. com) the mother "now helps teens understand the dangers and uses a video that recreates her daughters crash to illustrate the horror"

Therefore texting in driving in any state should not be allowed, in fact it should pass the "hands Free Law" in every law that should prohibit the driver from touching their phone or having any part of their body supporting the phone. Not only will this help the safety of the driver but will benefit the other drivers on the road. More teen clubs should be made in order to get the message out on the dangers of texting and driving in order to prevent accidents from distracted drivers. As technology grows, so will distractions.              