one day on Feb 29th, Generic_Name did not have the best looking shoes at school. He started getting bullied and he had multiple choices but wasn't aware of all. Generic_Name started asking people for advice. Therefor he has got multiple point of views on his own situation. Although he could use some help, that still did not mean every point of view would make his problem the best.

advice was gvin and point of views but not every single one made his situation worse. Generic_Name uncles had started giving advice, although Generic_Name friends gave him advice to. Generic_Name knew for sure it still was right to go to older people like adults. some friends said you could fight the big bully, by better shoes and etc. Some of the adult point of views was, tell an important person at school, teachers, school workers and etc. was some of his advice able to help? If so how can the advice help? advice could help for many different situation because almost everybody has advice from past events that happen to them which is good because people can share there advice to help other people.

How can advice help? advice can help you in a situation, but also if you get the wrong advice it can cause the wrong thing to occur and a bad idea for the future. advice can help you understand the situation from a few people thinking and opinions. Ex:

imagine an puzzle,

your thinking is a piece to the puzzle but when you get multiple thoughts from others, which is other point of views that can help you gather everybody point of view and advice. When you get different information you can put all the different advice into one whole point of view on an situation.

My great great grandma always said

"just listen to some advice it can help through stages of life."

Always be open minded some people can give you negative advice. Although you can think advice helps, it can help if others are giving it to you positive. Most likely people who give good advice they made it farther on from one of there own mistakes or situations they had to deal with. some people want different reactions and try to cause you to do negative actions and negative things although its better perspectives and advice your able to get.

Although advice is mostly good and helpful. You're still getting an part of an opinion, when getting an part of an opinion its still and idea. Although you are getting opinions its your job to turn all the opinions to your own idea or which you think is best to help yourself out in your own situation. When others are giving you opinions you still have to keep in mind that it is an opinion and its not always the right thing even though opinions are in the vocabulary when we have an conversation about others giving each other advice. Most advice you should most definitely pay full attention to, and use and dont take for granted an put some use to it because in life advice can always help you and get you some where farther. One day you can turn it around and give others advice. Everyday you could be giving advice even if you dont know you are. 