Phones and Driving

Today many people have cellular devices and they can be a constant problem. Some people have a habit where they look at there phone way to often, this is a problem. If someone is to be driving and they constantly look at their phones their risking their lives or maybe the lives riding in the vehicle. It is very dangerous and raises the risk of car accidents you could have. It is also illegal to text in drive because it's a safety hazard for drivers.

Phones affect society the more they develop and we will continue to buy cellular products. We buy these to stay in touch with friends, family, and the work place or maybe you might have one for research or games. The problem with these devices are that people tend to text and drive. Texting while driving is a risky action to take while operating a vehicle. Phones are a distraction to people who drive and can't leave the phone alone. This distraction is serious it can get someone severely injured, killed or even a ticket.

There is a law for texting and driving that's good because it can prevent more people to stop texting and driving. The law bans cellular use while operating a vehicle so that we can prevent car crashes. This law is important without this law there wouldn't be no control on texting and driving. Most people follow the law but many more people don't. There are also certain age groups who text and drive and there are affects from the age groups.

Different age groups tend to text and drive. Teens are more distracted by the devices because teens usually text friends a lot and it becomes a habit. Teens who drive are still learning to drive better and when phones distract them it raises their chance higher than other age groups because their reaction time may not be high as developed drivers. Adults with higher driving skills who text and drive still have a high risk of a car crash. They have better driving experience but it's still possible that they could crash. Crashing is a cause by not paying attention or the other person could be the one that was distracted.

Texting and driving is as dangerous as drinking and driving. Texting and driving raises the chance of crashing six times higher than drinking and driving. Each year at least 1.6 million drivers have crashed because of being distracted at least six thousand drivers have been killed by being distracted. Drunk driving causes more than ten thousand lives per year. It doesn't matter which one is more dangerous it's still a high risk for a car accident.

Texting and driving should not be allowed because this can get people injured or killed. To prevent texting and driving there should be more officers on the road stopping people from texting and driving this should be affective in areas where texting and driving is high. The reason I said areas where texting and driving is high is because if a lot of people text and drive in the same area not everyone is paying attention and this could cause more crashes. This will also make people know they shouldn't text and drive because the police are out to give tickets. Hopefully this idea will work permanently without having police around trying to give out tickets.

It's good that police give tickets to those who do text and drive, they don't do it because their picking on you they do it to help prevent you from risking your life. When a officer gives you a ticket this ticket usually comes with a fine. You have to pay this fine or there will be serious consequences. You driver license may be suspended and you won't be able to drive any where. This is bad for people who work,

go to school or go places they need to be. Hopefully people will learn it's not right because it's not worth risking your life over a text you could have waited to send.   