I believe that having facial recognition technology in a classroom would be beneficial to everyone involved. It would allow for the students to be put back on track if they are distracted or bored. It would also aide the teachers by giving them feedback that they might've never recieved before. Lastly, as a domino effect, it would help the entire world because we would be making the education system for our future a lot better.

Firstly, if we had facial recognition technology in the classrooms, it would allow for our students to recieve a better education. For example, a student is in class one day and a teacher is giving a lecture that they are just not interested in or don't quite understand so that student's mind begins to wander because they are bored. With the facial recognition, that student would be detected as distracted, bored, or even confused so the teacher can make adjustments to the learning space and/or the way that the material is being taught. This technology would help the students who would normally be confused and too shy to say anything, recieve help and better understand what they are having issues with.

Secondly, this facial recognition technology would be very helpful to teachers who would work with it. They would be getting direct feedback from the class without them even having to say anything. If the class is confused, the teacher can work around the confusion and readjust. This would ensure that students achieve the most information possible and would, therefore, make our teachers and the education system a lot better.

Lastly, I believe that the entire world could benefit from this technological advancement. Our world is changing and adavancing technologically very quickly and we have to be able to keep up. As the world gets smarter, we must get smarter with it. Better technology in the classroom means better learning which means even better, smarter pupils. Any technological advancement that makes our future doctors, surgeons, lawyers, etc. smarter then, I believe, must be put into use right away. We would be securing our future as a nation.

To conclude, the implementing of better technology in any form would be very good. Everyone would benefit from this technology in the education system. That is why I believe that it would be very valuable to implement the technology talked about in this essay in the classroom.      