1/27/15

Dear State senator,

The Electoral College is a system where electors vote for the people off of the states votes . Where some eletors may stera from the beeten paath , but there is no reason to change the system now.

Most people do not understand what the Elecoral College system, but in; "

In Defense of the Elector College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing th Ppesident

"(by Richard A. Posner ) points out its "

it is the electors who elect the president, not the people. when you vote for a presidential candidate ypu're actually voting for s slate of electors..

". Meaning a group of people in each state vote for the the presidnt . This is importent to know because it lets peopple know that their vote narow down the choeses . Although the electoral college system givesthe eletion an electon a "winer takes all " feel .

Some people may believe that their vote doesnt matter  because of the electoral college system, but as "

What Is the Electoral Collge?

"( bay the Office of Federal Register) points out that "

Most states have a winner-take-all' system that awards all electors to the winning presidential candidate

.". Which says that in some states the electors vote for whom-ever the majoratiy of the state voted for. That is suggnifucnt because it shows that the peoples vote do matter.

On the other hand the elector college system is not perfict. Eventhough most states have "winner-take-all" system, there may be a "

' fathless' electros have occaionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please

." as informed by "

The Indefensibel Electoral College:Why  even the best-iaid defense of the system are wrong

" ( by Bradford Plamer ) is showing that though the electors are asspost to vote off of the states over all vote , that some electors will follow their own personal oppion. This shows that the systom is not as good as gold .

The Electoral College is where electors vote for the people , but they vot off of the over all moajoraty, and the system my be fladed a little . Changing the Electoral College would be like changing the Constatosion .                                             