Did you know that NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was the first spacecraft of any sort to see the mysterious face on Mars? This mysterious face was first discovered in 2001. I am a scientist from NASA that has been researching this unusual, shadowy likeness of a human face since about twenty-five years ago. My name is Ellie. I get all sorts of questions and opinions asked to me about the human face. Some people say that they do not think that it's real, and that NASA is just making it up to get more people to notice us. Well, that would be wrong, considereing that we have pictures to prove it. We know that the face is just a natural landform because the pictures show it to be almost equivalent of a mesa or butte, and it looks identical to the Middle Butte in Idaho.

We know that the shadowy likeness of a human face is just a natural landform because is looks almost equivalent to a mesa or a butte. We have many questions asking things like, " How do you know that aliens didn't form it?"

and, "How do we know that this picture is not photoshopped to get NASA more commercial business?" The answer is we don't know exactly what formed it, but our research shows that it is a natural landform. First of all, pictures do not lie, especially that camera that we took it with. We took the picture with using a camera's absolute maximum resolution. In this camera, "each pixel in the 2001 images spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in the best 1976 Viking photo" as we know from our research. Also, the mysterious landform that we captured looked like a mesa or a butte- landforms that are common around the American Midwest. to add to that, the Face takes the same shape as a lava dome and the same height. Not only does the face look almost equivalent to a mesa or butte, but it also looks almost identical to most of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho.

Another reson that we know that the Face is just a natural landorm is because it looks almost identical to a landform is Idaho. People send NASA emails, and letters asking questions. One of our most states opinions is," Just because it looks like a landform on Earth doesn't mean anything. Things might be different there and there could be aliens there." Yes that could be true, but our research and pictures also prove it to be wrong. The first snapshot of the Face was captured was a long time ago. Since then our camera and photo quality has improved. Today we now have way better pictures of the Face than we did over twenty-five years ago. That means that we can see the landform better and look at the different characteristics of the landform. Then after we looked at the characteristics, we found that the Face had almost the exact same size, shape, quality of a landform in Idaho, United States. Also, one of our researches stated the definition of the Middle Butte. He stated,"That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face in Mars. Thousands of web surfers had been anxiously waiting for images for NASA to be revealed. Until one day we released the pictures. As we knew already, web surfers found that there was "no alien monument after all" as we know from our research. We also released how we took the picture. We had a picture taken by a camera on board MGS, but it had to peer through clouds. Then people started saying statements like," Perhaps alien markings were hidden by haze." Once again, that cannot be true because the characteristics and qualities of the Face look exactly like a part of the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho.

Now you have been proved wrong, and I hope all your questions were answered about the Face, or at least the questions that were stated in the article. we have done a lot of research on this mysterious human face, and found that it was not created by aliens. We know that it is a landform because it looks like a mesa or a butte, and it looks almost identical to the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. Therefore, this Face is just a landform.   