Do you ever ask more than one person if your hair looks good, or what you should do in a tough situation? Asking for more than just one person for advice comes naturally to us. Getting advice from lost of people help us get through some bad hair days or tough situations, like fights with your loved ones. Seeking advice from more than just one person is helpful for solving situations because it gives you different opinions, helps you figure out what opinions most people agree on, and what you might not want to do in certain situations.

Getting advice from more than just one person gives you a lot of opinions. Everyone has their own way to handle situations or problems. So some people's opinions can be very similar to yours or the complete opposite. This can open up your mind on not just one problem, but many more in the future. It can be as simple as what chips should I get? Your friend might say a chip flavor that you would never try in a million years, but you try it out and turns out you like it! This opens up your mind in situations and how to handle them in different ways.

Another thing you learn is what opinions most people have in common. You hear a lot of advice from people but some of advice can be extremely similar to each other. This can help you find a good way on how to fix situations. It shows what most people agree on, and usually that is what can help you solve your situation the best. You tend to use advice that most people agree on so asking multiple people help you with what to do in tough situations.

Lastly some of the advice you receive you just don't think fits you or the way you like to handle things so you ask more people. Say you have drama between you and someone else, someone you ask might say fight that person but that's not really the way you want to handle it. So instead you ask more people for what they think you should do. This can help bring your mind to how you want to fix a situation. Everyone handles situations differently so this will can give you ideas on what to do and what not to do.

Seeking advice from multiple help you in many ways such as, giving you different opinions, what opinions people agree most on, and what not to do in certain situations. This really helps you clear your mind on how to solve a problem correctly and how you want to solve it. It also can narrow down ways you could solve a conflict. No matter what at the end of the day you're in charge on how you'd like to solve a problem, so no matter what opinions people give you, you get to decide what fits you best.