Should all students participate in at least one extracurricular activity? I personally disagree, even though it is a good idea, some students don't have the time to participate in these activities. Many students already participate in activities outside of school and are usually busy enough with school work and studying. Im sure some students would enjoy this but it is not meant for all students.

When kids come home from school they want to have a break, they dont want to go straight back to work, they want to sit down and maybe have a snack. School is already hard enough and they would get overwhelmed with more activities to do. Some kids don't have the time to participate in extracurricular activities because they might already have something planned or they might be trying to do different activities that they actually want to do. If they were forced to participate in these activities it would put on a lot of stress and take away time for them to do something else. Many kids have to go somewhere after school and they might not have any free time to do these activities.

A lot of students already participate in extracurricular activities outside of school and it takes up a lot of their time so if they had to take part in the activities again, it would not only take up a lot of time, but the students would have to cope with more things on their to do list, which leads to stress, and less free time to do things with their friends or by them selves. Also if kids had to do these extracurricular activities they would miss out on other things such as homework, or events. They would also miss out on things they have already signed up for and if they don't participate in these activities I'm sure they would get in trouble.

Some kids take a break when they get home and some kids go straight to homework. School work and homework take up many hours of your day, and if we participated in these activities it would add to our to do list. Many kids like to study for hours and put all their effort into school, so I imagine they would be exhausted at the end of the day. If we were forced to participate in the extracurricular activities it could take away time from our sleep, when someone doesn't get as much sleep as they usually do they don't work as hard the next day and they would not be in a good mood the next day.

These extracurricular activities could be fun and they would be good on a resume, but they aren't meant for everyone. They would take up to much time with all the school work and activities everyone already has, and some kids don't want to do them because they would feel overwhelmed with everything they already have to do. Also if they participated in these extracurricular activities they would miss out on things. That is why I personally disagree with this idea.