When you join an extracurricular activity there's no telling what you can do! You could pass that test,win the football game or you could even make a new friend. Yes, the possibilities are endless when you join an extracurricular activity. But some people think that extracurricular activities are just a waste of time and that they don't really matter in the life.

But I think extracurricular activities contains many benefits to the typical school student. Such as, fitting in better at school,making new friends,and even improving your grades.

When you're in an after school club you'll fit in better by joining the club that best suits you. You can do what you enjoy best while even meeting new students and getting to know them as well. Meeting people that share the same interests as you, will most definitely help you fit in the school. Being the new student in school is scary and stressful. But if you join an after school club then you will definitely fit in better at the school.

Joining an after school club is a great way to be with your friends more and make new friends at the same time. School doesn't have to be the limit when it comes to being with your friends. And when you both join the same club you could spend more time together while doing your favorite things. Such as, being in the same team in a sport or acting in the theater. You and your friend could make new friends and hang out as a group.

If fitting isn't an issue then maybe your grades are. Joining in after school activities could improve your grades on certain subjects that you're struggling on.

Joining in these clubs could significantly improve your grades and help you better understand the subject. And if you do understand the subject then maybe you could help the other students that could still have trouble understanding. Not only would your grades improve but everybody else's that got your help.

In conclusion, I think everybody should join an extracurricular activities since it has many benefits to the average student. Participating in these activities could help you fit in better at school by being part of a group in a school like being in the chess club or football team. Being in these activities could also give you the opportunities to make new friends by meeting new people that share the same interests as you do. Joining these clubs could also give you the chance to bring your grades up and help you pass that test. So yes, I think everybody should join an extracurricular activities since it has many benefits for the students and the teachers.                