State senator,

I hear there is a process called the Electoral college where election of the president is counted by vote in congress. I understand the process that people vote for the electors and not the president straight off. Once you have vote for which electors you want, the electors will vote for the president and vice president, known as the electoral votes by congress. Realizing from whats happened in the past i see that most people dont like this process. Analyzing the process once more after knowing people dont favor this process, their reasons are reasonable.

I have come to conclusion that i favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. keeping the Electoral College process will give difficulties to people around the states. There has been some mistakes before, voters have gotten confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate. Why not just have it simple? People have refused to vote for their party's candidate and vote for whomever they please.

Changing to election by popular vote wont be a problem, the electoral collage is already unfair to voters. Candidates dont spend time on states they think or know they have no chance in winning because of the Winner-take-all system. Its already been official so why not change it? A fair amount of people already know the Electoral collge is unfair and irrational. Isn't is easier already to just vote for the president itself and pick by popularity. The voting is for the president anyway then why put in a whole lot of nonsense and bring in state electors.

Over all, i just feel like voting by popularity will be much easier and pleasing to people. Yes ive had the thought that it might take a bit longer because obviously you're going to need to count all the votings of millions to billions of people, but its less complicated. The electoral process have had bad experiences so why not try something new and yet a better way of voting? It wont hurt right. The pros and cons do come in the way of both, there are cons in the popularity process but knowing that people dont like the electoral and most already vote for who they please theres only one thing to do. Change to election by popular vote for the presidnat of the United states and make is official.    