School tends to get extremely draining. Students have to wake up very early, sit in a classrom for an extended amount of time, and forced to be social with their peers with the expectation of good grades. It feels lke administration and teachers are more concerned about what students are wearing and how they are acting, rather than what they're actually learning at times. Online classes, however, can alleviate these issues because students can learn in the comfort of their own home. Students would benefit greatly from attending classes at home because, they can learn at their own pace and they wouldn't have to worry about the pressures of being social.

Imagine sitting in a classrom, learning about a topic that everyone understands except you. This is a reality for majority of students. Most tend to get frustrated but they are afraid to speak up. Not everyone can grasp a concept in the same way; however, learning from home can help prevent frustration. Students get to learn at their own pace and take their time with topics they do not understand.

Some have argued: going to school can help students develop social skills. They could establish everlasting friendships and learn some life lessons from said friends. You can't learn all of this from behind a screen. However, the social route may not be ideal for some students. Most students suffer from social anxiety which could hidner them from focusing on their classwork.

Most students are very anxious walking into school because they're worried about what they are wearing or how they look. They are afraid to get picked on by their fellow peers. A student shouldn't have to worry about these things when the classwork should be their main focus. Students attending classes from home can decrease the focus on their appearance and increase their focus on their classwork because they are comfortable.

Going to school can be stressful because students have to learn at a speed that might not be right for them and they have to worry about their appearance. Attending school from home, however, helps students learn at a pace that they want and they can be more comfortable in the comfor of their own home.