The Facial Action Coding System would be a great addition to everyday school life. This computer system can help with several things from elementary school to college. This could also change the way the world works forever. The FACS can easily be an important part of our education society.

The first and most effective thing FACS would impact is student's attitudes in the classroom. If FACS was active on all of the students computers, it could detect their emotions to influence them to get back on track and focus. It could also simply just keep the concentration going about the lesson being instructed. "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored,' Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor" (D'Alto 6) . This can improve the interaction in class and can also improve many students grades.

If FACS was implemented into schools, students would feel more involved in the lecture, and pay attention more while being extra alert. Students will also be more knowledegable due to the fact that they are taking in information and really getting to learn about it, instead of just trying to find the answers that will satisfy on a worksheet or test. While feeling more involved, alert, and learning a lesson with full attention, this will impact grades greatly. This will help even more students proceed on into the next step of education, which is college.

FACS would benefit in grade school and would most definitely continue to help students in college. College can get difficult, but FACS could influence to keep students focused when they seem to become overwhelmed by their expressions. If students are impacted by FACS when they are younger and proceed on to college while continuing their education, there then comes a career. FACS will help in high school to get you to a college of your dreams, also best fit for your major. Then in college, it will help you focus and be actively listening and learning about your major to help you find a career that best fits you and your abilities. If everyone could have the opportunity to have the career as what best suits them, they will have an easier life and being more helpful to the people around them.

If FACS started being used in elementary school, proceeded to middle school, and so on in high school; it will teach students the habit of fully paying attention in class and being active. It will improve grades greatly. It will also help college students stay focused, even when times seem to become difficult. They will also already be influenced to stay active and fully aware of the lesson in class. If a student has well listening skills and is knowledgeable of their major, they will find the best job for theirself. If more people began to find jobs that benefitted them, and they were happy doing it, it would impact more than just students, it would impact the whole world.             