My name is Luke I had joined the UNRRA program in 1945. In article " A Cowboy Who Rode the Waves " talks about the participation in the Seagoing Cowboys program .

In the passage they talk about me and my adventures although breaking my ribs wasn't so plesant . In this passage

I will tell you what I think IF more people would have joined the UNRRA program.

I think that joining the UNRRA( the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation

Administration) would be fun and exciting because you would be able to vist many countries , and you would be able to learn and see many new things every trip you made . That is one of the many reasons Don and I joined the program .

UNRRA about hiring "Seagoing Cowboys" to take care of young horses , young cows , and mules that were shipped overseas. UNRRA was formed to help Eroupe and many countries that were left in ruins by World War ll,to help these countries recover their food supplies , animals, and more .

In August 1945, I had recived orders to report to New Orleans. The day I arived was the day the Pacific war had ended.

I got seaman's papers and boarded the SS Charles W.Wooster, heading to Greece with cargo of 335 horses im addition enough hay and oats to feed them . My birthday had passed before arriving to Greece I had turned 18 which meant I could be drafted to military service . By the time I it was 1947 I had made nine trips the most of any Seagoing Cowboy.

I got to see many new and cool things on my trips . In the passage it tells what I got to see on my trips in the passage it tells " Besides helping people, I had the side benefit of seeing

Europe and china . but seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special, he says . So was taking the a gondola ride in

Venice, Italy , a streets of water." I also toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama

Canal on my way to China.

I had so much fun and it was an exsperience of a lifetime besides the picking after the animals and breaking a few bones ,but it was all worth it, and I bet so many people would enjoy it as well as I did . That is why I think that morepeople should join th UNRRA .