People tend to use there cars so much, they basically can't live or get through the day with out their car. We use the car to go every where rather it's to the grocery store , work or just to go hang out with friends and family! Just traveling in general. Well imagine if we limited the usage of cars in our community! I strongly believe that doing this would have many advantages to our community for many reasons like it will make people less stressful all the time, there would be less accidents and it would definitly be better for the environment.

OMG I ran out of gas or OH my i have to take my car to the shop to get it fixed is usually the two main things you hear people stay when the word "car" comes up. Having a car comes with alot of stress because it of expenses and having to take of its every need and usually when someone is stressed they are not the best person you wanna have a conversation with. I think that if we limit the usage of cars a lot of people in the community will be alot happier. According to the article

"Car-free Cities"

by

Elisabeth Rosenthal in source 2 a lady name Heidrun Walter says " When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way." and i think that is a perfect example of limited car usauage can make a person happier.

In addition, I feel that if that if we limit the car usage in our community it will make this community a much safer environment. We hear and see about many car accidents in our country and community and cars can be very very dangerous. People often get injuried and/or die in car recks to. So limitting the car usage in the communitry will keep people more safe and most importantly alive . Kids will be able to run aroumd the neighborhood and play with their friends and also cross the street safely without the disruption of a car coming and stopping them from what they are doing  because they do not wants to get hurt from the car coming because they do not know who is driving the car.

Last but not least limiting the use of car usage in the community because it would definitly be better for the environment. In science class we often talk about how cars polute the air and just mess up the waehter in the car and me my self i can also feel the car changing the more i see cars more cars in the streets. I think that it makes the days hotter and i also think that it makes the winters come around earlier and it makes it alot more colder. I live in the Sunshine florida and in the south. So all year round its usually hot extremly hot but has i realize more people are driving around the winers seem ALOT more cold then it usually is and the cold last for longer periods of time.

In conclusion, I belive that if we limit the car usuage in our community it will make it a better place for many reasons. Like it will make people less stressful and  be happier, there will be less accidents on the road and it will also help the environment a lot.                        