Is the goal of the education system to ensure students come out of school truly educated or students come out of school with a mediocre education? It is my sincere prayer that the education system strives to see us, the students, excel so that we may be college, career, and citizen ready, instead of checking boxes on a piece of paper. With that being said, I believe that offering distance learning, as a means for students to attend classes via video conferencing, is a fantastic idea; Distance learning lets students rest and take their time, allows for more freedom, offers one-to-one assistance/ learning, and puts students in a stage of responsibility.

To begin my argument, distance learning lets students rest and take their time while receiving their education. One of the biggest things talked about is how early in the day High School begins. Students often have to wake up at 4:30-5:00 in the morning to shower, get dressed, and then be ready to walk to their bus stop. Studies have shown that waking up that early does more harm than good. This is due to the fact that most student's brains do not fully function that early in the morning. With having distance based learning you do no have to worry about waking up that early. This form of education also allows for students whom are sick with an illness, the chance to stay home and receive their education while attempting to better their health. It also helps students to not be rushed by the 90 minute class time the traditional school provides, but gives them more time to ensure they fully understand the content. Truly, distance learning gives students the opportunity to let students rest and take their time while receiving their education.

Furthermore, distance learning grants students and their families much more freedom. Since the distance learning is based online you can practically complete your assignments and study your material from near and far. With that being given to you, you will be able to travel much more. It also gives students the time to visit ill family that live away from them and not have to worry about being marked absent. Another great opportunity that this style of learning offers is the chance to work and to also attend vocational/trade school. Due to the fact that, through distance learning, you do not have to stay in school from 7:00-2:00 and you have the choice as to when and where you want to finish your school work, you are able to work more hours. Not all students live in the best circumstances, but with being able to do your work at your freedom you can work more hours at your job and also have the opportunity to experience your dream career through vocational/trade school. Surely, distance learning grants students and their families much more freedom.

To further my argument, distance learning provides one-to-one assistance and learning. We all are aware that students learn at a different pace. While being a student of this alternative learning setting, you are able to sit and talk with a teacher one-to-one. More than often, students don't ask questions nor ask for help due to the fact that they want to make it seem as if they understand all of the material they are taught. Through this method of education, students no longer have to worry about what the other classmates think, simply because it will just be the student and the instructor. By educating this way, it puts less stress on the teacher and the student, which will hand-and-hand eliminate classmate distraction. Positively, distance learning provides one-to-one assistance and learning.

Lastly, distance learning puts students in a stage of responsibility. As I stated earlier, the goal of the education system should be to strive to see us, the students, excel so that we may be college, career, and citizen ready. I believe their is no better way of doing that than to be taught responsibility. Through this form of education, students will be shown how to be responsible, mainly due to the fact that there will not be a teacher over them every day reminding them of the due date. Students will have to remember the due date and manage their time accordingly. Distance learning also ensures that students are paying attention. In traditional school, teachers are required to put in a certain amount of grades so that the grade book can "balance". With the online style of learning students are tasked with completing the assignments in accordance with the unit at hand and will only have to do work pertaining to that. It cuts time for both the students and the teachers. Obviously, distance learning puts students in a a stage of responsibility.

In conclusion, distance learning offers tons of great opportunities and holds even more value. Distance learning lets students rest and take their time, allows for more freedom, offers one-to-one assistance/ learning, and puts students in a responsibility stage. I submit that this new method of education should but provided all throughout the United States and I believe that if it is, students will feel much better about their education and feel a lot more confident about the material in which they are being taught. 