Everyone always say "listen to your heart" but getting opinions from others on a topic is better then thinking of ideas yourself. Advice is really helpful for people who have a hard time making decisions and people who struggle to think of somethings on there own. I think that seeking multiple opinions is a good options because it can impact your decision on a topic, you can compare both of the different view points, and you can combine all off the contrasting ideas to create one big and great thought.

Peoples advice can change your perspective on a certain topic. When thinking of what you will eat for dinner to deciding what college you want to go to, just one person can change you mind on your decision. I am going into high school next year and picking out my classes is extremely difficult and not easy to go through alone. Thats why I be sure to ask my parents and close friends "Should I take honers biology?" or "What electives should I take?" I get there opinion on what I should do and it really helps impact on me making a better choice.

Whenever I have a hard decision to face I usually get multiple opinions and compare my ideas to theirs. I ask my mom, dad, sister, and close friends how they feel about my viewpoint. I then take what they say into account and compare all the the different viewpoints to find the flaws and specialties about them. This is a great method for me because everyone has a different opinion on somethings and hearing what other people have to say about my topic really gives me a lot of perspective when deciding.

Getting a numerous amount of different kind of viewpoints, it can be a lot to handle and take in, but adding all the good word from your peers can help you make one good decision. For example your faced to decide what book to get for your English project. Your best friend says you should get a fiction book but your mom says you should get a book about dogs. Your probably saying "Always listen to your mom!" but instead of throwing out your friends idea you can combine the two opinions and wined up getting a fiction book about a cute little dog.

I do believe that seeking multiple opinions is a good option because it can impact your decision on a topic, you can compare both of the different view points, and combine all of the opinions to get one big idea. So what if your faced with a decision you dont know how to handle it. These three different ways can help you when coming to make hard, frustrating, and confusing decisions. 