Often times, when we're looking for advice we talk to multiple people, why is that? When your looking for advice or a solution to a problem, do you talk to more than one person? If so, did that lead to a better result? In my experience talking to multiple people about a problem proved to be a good idea. I believe seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because of people's experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds.

First off, one reason why you should seek multiple opinions when trying to make a good choice are people's experiences. People's experiences shape who they are, and determine how they respond to certain situations. Different people have different experiences, leading to different responses. Someone who has ran into your situation before will most likely give better advice than someone who's never been in that situation. People tell you to respect your elders because of all the experiences they've had, older people probably have a lot of solutions to problems you may have.

Secondly, another reason why you should talk to multiple people about a situation are perspectives. Every person has an unique perspective, influenced by their past experiences or current situation. For example, if two people went to the store, a three year old and a twenty one year old, their perspectives would be very different. Everybody looks at a situation from a different perspective, and that can prove useful when you're looking for advice. The way someone comprehends a situation can be heavily influenced by their perspective.

Lastly, there are people's backgrounds. Someone's background is made up of many different things including ethnicity, religion, or culture. Across cultures situations can be interpreted and handled differently, so someone's background can impact their interpretations of situations or problems. All this can lead to advice you wouldn't get from your own background. Someone's background plays a role in the first to things I mentioned, experience and perspective. People's unique backgrounds can give them unique experiences and perspectives, that might differ from your own.

In conclusion, there are many benefits to seeking multiple opinions when trying to make a good choice, and there are many things that can have an impact on the advice people may give you. If you didn't ask others for advice, you would only have your own knowledge to deal with your problems, instead of the world of knowledge at your disposal. I believe you should seek opinions from multiple people because of people's unique experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds.