Do you think students in school doing extracurricular activities should be required or an option? I believe it should be required because they can help students become more social, give them an outlook on being an adult, and give them an activity to do.

Students should be required to participate in extracurricular activities, such as a sports team or being apart of student council, because one thing it can do in the students favor is help students become more social and out going. Students will have to do things like work with other students, give speeches, present to large numbers of people, etc. Doing all of those things can help a student branch out. Being on a team or part of a club gives students peers to work with. After working with those people, students tend to stick with them and over time become friends. It is very hard for some people, especially at this age, to make friends and being apart of a team or club gives them the advantage.

Something else that being apart of an extracurricular activity does for students is it gives them an outlook on adult life. Being on a sports team gives students the mindset of winning and accomplishing. Winning things isn't always how it goes so it also gives students a reality check, a view of reality. Students will have to do big things such as travel, give speeches, work on big projects, etc. They will be doing many things that give an outlook on adult life. Being apart of a team causes students to work together, have good sportsmanship, and strong attitudes which is something that all people need to have as an adult. Students must be in extracurricular activities because it helps them grow as teenagers and evolve into adults.

Another reason why students should participate in these activities is because it gives them something to do. Many middle and high school students are overwhelmed with school, friends, families, etc. Being on a team or in a club with their friends, gives them something fun to do when they need it. Some students have a lot of free time and need to go somewhere to do something they enjoy such as playing a sport or helping design the year book. Teenagers become bored very easily and almost always need something to do. Students should join a club or team so that they can be apart of something they enjoy and have something to do.

In conclusion, students must be apart of extracurricular activities because it helps students become more social, gives students an outlook on adult life, and gives them something to do. I believe that every school should make it a requirement for students to participate in some type of club, team, or group.