Students would have more benefits taking online classes from home than going to school that is far away from where they are. Online classes would have huge impact in students lives which is going to solve many problems. I think students would have the benefits to take online classes from home instead of going to a far school which is causing them to wake up early to catch up the bus, waste time, spend money and stress. This can be change if students are allowed to take online classes from home.

Students would have more benefits taking online classes from home than going to school, one of the main reason I said this is because of waking up early. For example, my daily life is waking up early to go to my bus stop because from my house is 30 minutes away and I have to walk where is dark outside like around 6:00am. Any student that walks in the morning in the darkest there is some chances to get in risk because bad people are outside to harm innocent people. My mom is always concern that I have to wake up early and walk in the darkest, she tries to change her work schedule more later but she can't but she always call me to make sure I get safe to my bus stop. I think this is one of the reason online classes can benefits students by protecting them.

Online classes from home would help students and their family to have time management. Sometimes students have to go to a doctor appointment which cause their parents to get out of work and go all the way to school and then go to the doctor with a lot of rushed because time goes fast. For example, in my personal experience sometimes I have a doctor appointment which cause my mom to pick me up from school and then go to the doctor but after that she has to pick up my siblings from the babysitter which is going to get her tired from driving too much and also wasting time which shouldn't been different if I had the chance to stay at home and do online classes, my mom and I wouldn't have to rushed to go to doctor appointment and cook for the family. My mom works everydays at 4:00am and she has to take my siblings to the babysitter to early even when is freezing. I will like to help her taking care of my siblings by taking online classes from home instead of going to school, therefore my mom and I would have use the time wisely.

Online classes for students will benefits their family economy. Instead of buying a lot of supplies and clothes to go to school would prevent them to spend too much money. One example related to my life is when schools are about to open and my mom has to save money to buy me supplies and clothes to go to school which would cause her to work more and save. Also in our society some families have problems with their economy which would be difficult for them to buy their kids supplies and clothes which would cause them to sell items from their houses. If online classes are provided to students it would benefits students family including mine because my mom is not going to waste money on babysitting,gas,clothes and supplies as usual.

Online classes for students will benefits their health of not stressing anymore. Some students stress a lot about what clothes they have to wear to school which is going to cause them to over think a lot. Stress is really serious problem because students feel stresses out when they go to school because of not having time management or not having enough sleep. Online classes will prevent students to get bullied in school. Stress is a really common symptoms between students and should be preventable for the safe of our students. For example, when I have to wake up early I stress a lot because I have to get ready fast and walk to my bus stop and sometimes I skipped breakfast because I study when I get to school. If they provided me online classes I will have stress but not that much as I usually did in school because I will have more time to sleep and eat breakfast which would help me stay mentally healthy.

I think students would have the benefits to take online classes from home instead of going to a far school which is causing them to wake up early to catch up the bus, waste time, spend money and stress. Students would have time to spend time with their family and communicated more to each other often and informed their parents about their problems. Online classes would impact our lives in a positive way to help students stay home safe, have time management, have a stable economy and less stress for the good of our lives.          