Driverless cares are coming. It's true, though it almost seems something out of science fiction. Today, we have cars that can drive themselves with the aid of humans. This means that there is still a driver, though they won't be doing much except sitting and watching the road. They must watch the road as they may need to take control of the car if there is an accident, construction, or if a road is closed off for another reason. This is a far cry from what we think driverless cars to be. Of course, the technology is there, it's just a very basic state of it. Most of what is there, the basics, is still very complex.

In my own opinion, yes, driverless cars are the way of the future. However, there is still use of a driver within the driverless car. So maybe not calling them driverless cars as a start, perhaps independent cars or auto cars. Having a driver still within the car can help, it may be that some places aren't mapped on the maps within the car. This may mean that the driver will have to take over, placing the safety of others into the hands of the driver. The thing with the driverless cars is that if there is an accident, whether it be man-made or machine error, whose fault is it? This is a big question, with many different answers. The truth is, there isn't laws in place for this, as there are no true driverless cars on the roads. We could pin the blame on the driver, for not taking control at the right moment to prevent a disaster. The same could be said for the manufacturer, for creating a faulty program within the car.

Today, the problem with cars is simple. They are dangerous. There isn't a bigger risk today than getting in a car and driving. Hundreds of people die or are injured in a car accident today and most of them are due to humans. A driverless car could reduce the amount of accidents and deaths on the roads. There still is need of people being at the wheel of the vehicle, but with less human interaction of the vehicles operation, the less likely it is to result in failure on the drivers part. There is also a possibility of it helping drunk drivers. If someone gets into the vehicle, they could tell the car their destination, and be on their way. This could result in less accidents and less deaths with vehicles involved. However, on the flip side of things, this may not help. If a third party company creates a faulty program for the vehicles for a big company, the blame will be pinned on the big company for outsourcing. This results in more strict laws on driverless cars and could result in there being less appeal to the idea of a driverless, or semi-driverless, car. We're still a few years from having driverless cars, and even more from having completely driverless cars.

My opinion is that self driving cars could help our society. We could gain so much from this, most of it being less accidents and deaths from something that is so important to many of our lives today. Taking the risk of getting in a car with someone who is new, elderly, or drunk is huge. Today, that risk is garunteed with consequences. Most of them are bad, with either injuries or death some big ones. Tomorrow, that risk could decrease with semi-driverless cars or completely driverless cars. The possibilities are endless with a car that rarely, if ever, requires human interaction on the road.