Dear Principal,

2-17-11

I really think community service is a great thing in life, it helps the community become cleaner, makes more people want to join, and also community service can provide a better place. When people do community service it really shows how much they care about the world. Also when people do work around their community people start to enjoy walking outside and seeing this wonderful place and not no dirty place with garbage everywhere you look, and with the help of everyone joining together this place can be great.

Community service is a smart thing to make everyone do in the school because it makes the community look and smell a lot cleaner. This is because if one person can help the community out by just cleaning up some garbage it can only make it better and then maybe more and more people will join them and next thing you know, day by day the community is just getting nicer and nicer. With all this nasty garbage on the ground, please make everyone help out, this place is going to come along to be the best place known to man.

Also, when a lot of people start to do something it makes a lot more people interested in the thing they are doing. And if more and more people join this place is going to look a lot better than it is now. So, make it your choice but think about all the good things that can make this place a lot better. Without community service the community is just going to get worse by the minute, kids are going to be throwing the garbage on the ground, spitting gum onto the new sidewalks, and also many other things that can destroy our community.

Last is that community service can make our community a better place. I think if everyone in the school helps out with the community, this place will end up in your brand new fantasy dream. Also, it can provide a better place because all the dirty candy wrappers, the litters everywhere you walk will be decreasing faster and faster. With the help of everyone in the school, this object can really come out to be an amazing place.

In conclusion, i think that you should really take position and make the community service a thing at school, and it will help the community become cleaner, makes more people want to join, and also community service can provide a better place. So with the help of community service this place can turn very new in just a moment of time. Also when people do work around their community people start to enjoy walking outside and seeing this wonderful place and not no dirty place with garbage everywhere you look, and with the help of everyone joining together this place can turn into one of the best places in the world. Can you imagine living in that wonderful, amazing place.