Different people have different mind sets and have faced different things. By asking multiple people about there opinion you can create one based off of their opinions. People have different points of views, there could be two sides of what your discussing. Overall I believe that asking more people about there opinions can help you find the best answer.

There are different point of views for everything. When seeking for an answer, it might now come right away. Asking multiple people gives you more ideas, more time to think, and there could also be two different sides to your answer. There could be ups and downs to your answer but it has to be what fits you the best. You talk to so many people that all have different ideas and opinions, so talking to more and more people could give you more ideas and more opinions.

When seeking an answer you take everything into consideration. Thinking about how different people are all different. No one is the same, this could be used because the more people you talk to the different ideas that you could be told. This could be good or bad because when you talk to multiple people all of there opinions most likely will be different, so when different people tell you different things it could get confusing. You could also look at it you could take all of there opinions and use that to create your own, use their ideas and create a new own that fits best for you.

You could also think of it the other way. You could say that multiple opinions are bad because people are telling you different things and they all tell you something different and that if you talked to one person that it would be better because you would get their opinion and only their opinion. My opinion is to talk to multiple people, I just started golfing and I started off talking to one person about my swing, but now that I have talked to multiple I have now been satisfied by the way I hit the ball and how my swing looks and feels. This is one of my main reason why I chose to ask multiple people.

In my opinion, asking multiple people about their opinions is better than asking one person about theirs. People have different points of views, different sides of whats going on, different things they have faced. Dr. Seuss once said "The more you learn, the more you know". I believe that Dr. Guess said this is because the only way you could know more is by communicating to other people about what they know.

It all comes down to what fits the best for you.

-Generic_Name       