For many years now people have been cutting down on the usage of their cars. Their are many advatages to limiting car usage like you become happier, less pollution, and money is spent wisely. many different outcomes come from limiting the amount of time you use your car.

In many countries around the world people have reduced the amount of time they use their cars and the outcome has been phenomonal. Heidrun Walter was asked about how she felt about taking cars out of her life, she answered "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," (Rosenthal par3). Cars have been liked stress and when cars were taken out of Carlos Arturo Plaza's life he said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress..." (Selsky par24). When cars were taken out of their lifes they felt happier and stress free.

In these last few centuries we have polluted the world more than anyone else has. This is due our technological advances. One of the biggist advance in these centuries is the motor vehicle. The car has now become a houshold item. Cars are one of the main reasons why our ozone layer is open and we responsible for "50 percent...of greenhouse gass emissions" (Roseenthal par5). It's shoking to see how far we have advanced but to see how much we have destroyed in the world at the same time is crazy. Paris has become so poluted that they had to get a "partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city" (Duffer par10). "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of france, after five-days intensifying smog" (Duffer par14). Imagine what would happen if cars were recuced in use for a month.

For many people in these countries they have gotten many benifites back. The government has always used "80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport" (Rosenthal par9). Its shocking how much money goes to bulding roads and not things for the development of our comunities. The people in Bogota,Colombia have cut back on their use of their cars anf the money the government usually uses for cars or gas is now going to other things. "Parks and sports centers also have boomed throughout the city."(Selsky par28). many of the "uneven, pitted sidewalks have been repaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramaticly cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up" (Selsky par28). When the goverment did not have to pay for highways or streets they used that money for parks or smooth sidewalks.

Their are many advantages to limiting car usage like people become happierand stress free, less pollution, and money is spent wisely. If everyone cuts back on the time they use their cars the world would be healthier, the population would be heathier and happier, in addition the government would use money for more important things. Reducing the use of cars is step one in the world becoming healthy again.    