Did you know that the human touch is very important to the human brain? Human touch lets the brain know that you're still alive and breathing. It will let the brain know that their body will always be okay and that they are in safe hands. Without human touch, you or anyone else, could die. Students may experience enormous mental health problems but they should at least try to participate because students will become healthier through human interactions and they can use these activities for future references.

Any student can become healthier through small activities, here's why. These kids will become more social with eachother and they may end up making friends. Even if this activity requires the tiniest conversation, the brain is becoming more active and is not being isolated in it's own thoughts. Students will come in contact with sports through this process. Sports would be a great way to become healthy. A body requires physical exersize, this will help with the vitamins that your body needs throughout the years. Students will be able to think in a more imaginative way. This opens another part of your brain which may have never been used before. This will help you imagine fun things for a "get away" space! Any extracurricular activity can helps your students in a healthy way.

These kids will have rough times throughout their lifetime. These activities will help them through their scenario today! Students will have more experience if a future problem gets in their way. The, now grown up, student can reference their past extracurricular activity. They will be able to think more clearly and will be able to get passed their real life problem. Students can use certain extracurricular activities for community service projects. In their future, community service will be very important to college applications. They can use these hours as an example for this future application. Students can think back to their activity and think about the good times that they might have had there. This will make them smile at the eperience they had in high school. It will leave a perminant smile on their face whenever they think of their school. Everyone will have fun yet different scenarios they can look back on and use for future references.

Some kids might have a spiraling and out of control mental health situation. If that is a big problem, then they should not have to do the extracurricular activity. Anything having to do with mental to physical pain should be taken seriously at all times. The smallest thing may be able to tigger this emotion. If this student wants to do an activity, you should let them! Anyone with mental health and physical pain issues can try new things which includes after school activities, just take things a bit slow and see how it goes!

Students may experience mental health issues but you should at least let them try to participate because, these students will become healthier and they will have this for future references! Even though kids may have these issues, that doesn't mean they can't try. Anything can be healthy in it's own way, shape, and form! I think that you should make the kids at least have one after school activity but only to an extent.      