As human beings we must care for the earth that was so kindly bestowed upon us, meaning we must do all in our power to prevent it from self-destructing due to our carlessness. One way we seem to have recently discoved we can make a difference is that the limiting of car usage is an enormous step towards our goal. Cars have been a topic of contriversy worldwide, as it seems people refused to stop the usage of such a helpful tool in todays society, but as time goes on we have opened our eyes to a world of better choices. Citizens from all around see that car usage can be cut down, and it will be an astonishing change for both humans, as well as the earth. The limitation of car usage will provide a more healthy enviornment for the earth as well as those who live on it. Cars are a simply a machine in which we have allowed ourselves to believe that life can not go on without it. Here we will discover how truley wrong we were.

Although we all understand that these vehicles allow use to save much time by getting us to our destinations quicker, it does alot of harm to our planet as well. As stated in the article, "In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars", cars are responsible for 50 percent greenhouse gas emission in certain areas of the United states. The fuel we use to power our cars is released into the O-Zone layer, and into our atmosphere which creates a greenhouse affect and slowly, but surley destroys our enviornment. However, we have the power to protect the planet we live on for we have so many different choices of transpertation that causes way less harm. Cutting down on driving is a simple task in which we can all participate in.

Next we focus more on how car limiation affects ourselves. Driving take a toll on us because other forms of transportation do so much good towards ones self being, but as humans we seem to always take the easy way out. If we didnt always use cars, and took a walk for instance it would improve health as well as many other things. In an artice written by Andrew Selsky it states that "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." The less smog in the air, the better we can breath which will improve our health, and walking is good for that as well. We don"t need cars to live our lives. Life goes on without the use of a machine.

All in all cars we must care for this world as well as ourselves, and this is the first step towards this goal. Some fear that this change in society will have horrible consequences because we are so use to cars in our life, but these vehicles dont control us. By use limiting car usage we are providing a healthier enviornment for both human beings as well as our earth. Lets take the steps toward making this world a better place to live for us as well as the many generations to come. Don't you wish to live in a clean, and healthy world?    