"In my opinion you should go to a doctor if your back really hurts" said Generic_Name's mom "Maybe she should just rest and see if your back gets better" said Generic_Name's dad " Um I think i'll just take moms advice and go see a doctor, because my back has been hurting for a while now" Generic_Name said. Generic_Name had asked her parents for advice, for her back pain that she has had for a couple of weeks now.

First off, some people take advice from others because they really can't make a choice it's like their stuck between a huge rock and a wall. For example, Generic_Name didn't know, what shoes to get should she get the all white Vans or the all black Vans she just couldnt choose she really loved both of them she was stuck between a rock and a wall. Generic_Name couldn't make a choice, so she asked her friend Generic_Name which ones should she get " You should get the all white ones their so cute" said Generic_Name. Generic_Name thought to herself and decided to ask another one of her friends just to make sure, so she told Generic_Name what Generic_Name had said and asked for her opinion Generic_Name said " Yeah I agree with Generic_Name plus you have a tone of black shoes". There fore Generic_Name bought the all white Vans, and was actually really happy with the advice her friends had given her. This is one reason why people take advice from more then one person because their really stuck or, because that person has been in the situation as them or, get new advice that the person never even thought about.

Secondly, people sometimes take advice from more then one person, because they been in the same situation before. For example, Generic_Name was getting really depressed and started to fail school, and didn't talk to any of her friends she just wanted to be alone. Generic_Name's mom got really concern and stated to seek for advice from mother's that have been in the same situation as Generic_Name's mother. A friend of Generic_Name's mom told her that she should engorge Generic_Name too go out with friends, play a sport, and to stay positive around Generic_Name "Thats what i did with my daughter and she got though her depression and now is very happy" said Generic_Name's moms friend. Generic_Name's mother ask Generic_Name what is was like going though depression, and what her mother did to help her Generic_Name told Generic_Name's mom that, it was hard at first and that she felt really lonely until she opened up to her mom and told her everything from there her mom took her to a doctor to get help ,and got therapy that Generic_Name felt that helped her a lot. From there Generic_Name's mom told Generic_Name to open up to her and engorged Generic_Name too go hang out with friend or play a sport and, Generic_Name's mom told her that she would be there for her and that she isn't alone. Generic_Name's mom took her friends advice because, she felt like that was the best for her and Generic_Name.

Finally, people also take advice from other people too see if they can find a better solution or advice. For example, Generic_Name is an actress she loves too act, but everywhere she goes theres always people taking pictures or videos of her. She was getting so annoyed by these people, and it got to the point where she stopped going out. Her producer told her that she should just tell them to go away, or get body guards. Generic_Name asked Generic_Name that was her best friend what to do Generic_Name told Generic_Name that she should just put on a disguise and go out like a regular person. Generic_Name took her producers advice because she had never thought about just getting a body guard before he had told her.

In conclusion, there are many reasons why people make the decision too ask more then one person for advice. People sometimes get stuck and really can't make a choice and ask for peoples advice. Other people ask people for advice that have been thought the same thing as that person asking for the advice. And some times people just don't know what to do or are just clueless.                                   