First, he talk about the venus whihc is reffering to as " evening star " and how danger it is to earth in the present. he said that venus is a planet, in our solar system Venus is the second planet of our sun, he also think that it is a channelging place to examine more closely. Venus is referred to as Earth twin, and because Venus is the closet planet to earth in terms of density and size and in distance too. Humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud-draped world. WHihc mean everyone who go there not a single one survive. It is a very Channelging planet for human to study and it is provimity to us. It is a thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Over the planet surface it the temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and it 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet.

Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most earth-like okanet in our solar system. The planet has a surface of rocky sedment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters. NASA are thinking about sending a human to study in Venus. Temperature will still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to the sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. NOt easy condifitons, but survivable for humes. The researcher can't take a sample rock, gas or anything else, from the distance. so they need to get up close and personal despite the risk or they try to think that as a challlenges/ Many researcher are working on innovations that would allow the machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus.

NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus. Another project is looking back to an old technology called Mechanical COmputers. These devices were first envisioned in the 1800s and played an important role in 1930s during WWII. Modern computers are enormously powerful, flexible, and quick, but tend to be mroe delicate when it come to extreme physical conditions.

Striving to meet the challenge presented by VEnus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many eqyally intimidating endeavors. Our travels on Earth and beyond shold not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovations.