I personally believe that driverless cars are a good idea and can be very useful. There are also some major points that are needed to be pointed out before a person purchases or drives one of these cars. I can see people taking advantage of these technologies and abusing the things the car may provide. The buyer should always take into consideration that these car could malfunction and be aware that these cars are not always going to be reliable.

If the driver were to be carless and text and drive the car could possibly malfunction and you could be putting your life or someone else's life at risk.

Manufactors are coming up with new techniques to help alert the driver of any danger that could possibly occur before the incident could even happen. Vibrating seats are providing the driver enough time to stop the car when it is about to run into another object. Flashing lights on the dash board are used to alert the driver if the car thinks they are being distracted from the road. In these cars the manufactors are installing video cameras to watch the driver inside that car and to watch for any danger the driver might encounter outside of the car. GPS are installed to monitor where the car is in case of a crash or if the driver is lost on the road the driver can use it to find there destination. Motion sensors are being put into cars to help the driver drive safely. The motion sensors help the driver know how far away they are from hitting another car or even a person. They are also used to apply brakes when the car is coming to close to another object. They are hoping to soon put in a display where the driverless car system can be shut off when the driver wants to be in control. "The car read the positive and negative factors in binary code, they functioned surprisingly well but to make the massive upgrades needed would be far to expensive for them to even make it practical."

The main focus that these manufactors have is to keep everyone on the roads safe. Take this into consideration, these cars could possibly change the human way of driving. Each and everyday new technologies are being discovered and giving humans another reason to become more lazy. These developments will eventually come into good use when the time comes, but that is if the people using them will have enough common sense to understand they can not abuse the advantages these cars provide and if they do it could lead into bigger consequenses. 