With technological advancements consistently increasing, the presence of technology in our everyday lives is becoming more prevalent. The so called, "age of technology," is among us, so there are many different ways in which we can incorporate technology to make our lives easier. However, students should not be given the ability to participate in their classes from home through the use of distance learning because there is no guarantee that students will remain on task, there are risks of several technological issues, and not all students have internet access at home.

One of the biggest struggles for students, if given the ability to attend their classes online, will be the lack of motivation and concentration. Even when in school, many students find it difficult to pay attention or to find the will to complete work, so who is to say that at home distractions won't make this issue worse? Also considering that students are staying home while they are sick, they may not have the energy to work on school. Although students may attend their classes while at home via the internet, they may just do so in order for it to appear on record that they viewed the class, but may not actually pay attention to the lesson. Teachers and parents would have to find a way to motivate these students in order for the distance learning option to be successful in terms of legitimately helping students learn missed information from class.

Technology can be seen being used almost anywhere in our modernized world, but just because it's widely used, does not mean that it is entirely reliable. The use of technology is unpredictable, which means that solutions to a problem are not always known either. There is no way to avoid all the possible problems that may arise, like the various viruses that personal devices are susceptible of contacting. If students were to use devices to attend classes online, it's likely that they will experience network issues on more than one occasion due to the fact that this form of e-learning is long distance. The idea of broadcasting classes by video calling sounds like a good idea, until you consider the reality of it's unlikely success.

Directly related to technological issues is the concept that not all students even have access to a personal device or internet connection at home. This makes it entirely impossible for a student to be capable of participating in distance learning and attending their classes. Unless schools were to provide county-authorized personal devices for the soul purpose of completing school work, students have an unequal opportunity to partake in this practice. It's crucial that students are given an equal chance, otherwise it is strictly unfair and possible that students who are not able to receive access to technology will fall further behind in classes compared to those who do have the ability.

Although the risks of distance learning are clear, there are also reasons for this option to be made available. If given the ability to attend classes online, it will be significantly easier for students to make up any missed work, and as a result, students will be less likely to fall behind in class. There are many students who do not enjoy attending school as much as they should, however, missing class and having to make up the work is considerably more stressful. In that case, the use of distance learning would ultimately be beneficial for all students. 