Many schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home. Students would use this resource to attend class through online or video conferencing, instead of actually going into school everyday. Students would not benefit from being able to attend classes from home because at school they have deadlines, they have peers at school to interact with, and they have many resources available.

Students can benefit from being in school instead of online school if they have deadlines. Having a physical deadline for many students allows them to make goals for themselves. By doing so, they can either procrastinate or start working straight ahead to get the paper or homework done. Producing goals as a student can make school life easier to maintain. Although in online school, they do have deadlines, but many students choose to do it later than the deadline. This can often set them back, but by having deadlines to get their work done at school, they will be able to maintain their course to succeed with good grades. Having deadlines in school, students will be able to maintain their success with completing assignments on time to obtain good grades.

Many students can benefit from going to school instead of online school because they have peers at school to interact with. Often times school can be boring and make students not want to do their school work, but by having friends in classes students would want to go and do their work more. WIth having many peers at school, students can interact with eachother to make school more fun and have a better learning enviroment. In doing so, students would want to go to their classes or have study groups with their friends. Also, students and their friends could interact and engage in the class lectures and boost the learning enviroment to be able to have more fun, which makes students work harder in school to acquire good grades. Having a fun learning enviroment shows that students actually learn better as well.

Students would not benefit from attending classes through online school because they do not have a lot of resources. When students go into school, they have many available resources that they can use. For many school projects or research they need to conduct, they would need some guidance or information. To get this information they could turn to any teachers or professors, and they could even go to the school library. Often times, students would not be able to acquire such resources at their own homes. By being able to get information from books or teachers, they would get valuable and accurate information that would help them to succeed in their research or projects in school.

Critics may argue that by having students attend school from their homes and through online/video conferencing, students will benefit more than if they went into schools. Often times students cannot commute to their school/college or perhaps they cannot go into school because they are sick. Although, being able to go into school and listen to teachers lectures or get resources will be far more beneficial. Students should attend school rather than online or video conferencing because they can maintain their grades through deadlines, have a better learning enviroment through friends in their classes, and there are many resources available that students would not be able to get at home.