Dear Mr. Senator,

As you are most likely aware, the Electoral College is a long-debated,

controversial process. I believe that it is in the best interest for the citizens of America that the Electoral College be abolished. Under the Electoral College system, voters do not vote for the president but rather for a slate of electors who will vote for the president. Voters cannot control who the electors vote for and it is not unheard of that any given elector may be "faithless" and refuse to vote for their party's candidate and instead cast their deciding vote for whomever they want. The people of the United States of America are speaking up. According to a

Gallup poll conducted shortly after Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency in 2000,

over 60%

-a majority- of voters prefer to have a direct election over an election through the Electoral College.

One may argue that the infamous 2000

Bush Vs. Kerry election is rare, but nevertheless, it happened, are we going to wait until it happens again to make a change? We take pride in being a democracy, we take pride in living in such a place that was created by the people and for the people

, but is the power really in the hands of the people? The power may be in the hands of the people, but only the 538 people who belong to the Electoral College. The system in place is flawed and the outcome can be manipulted to favor one political party over the other. In 1960, segregationists in Louisiana nearly succesfully replaced the Democratic electors with different electors who would decieve the voters and then oppose Kennedy when voting.

Another con of The Electoral College is a dilemma that has to do with the number of electoral votes given to each state. The Electoral College works in the same way that The House of Representatives does. The number of electors alloted to each state is subjective to the population number of that state. Take a state such as California for example. California is alloted 55 electors. States such as South Dakota and Alaska cant compete with the great power coming from the larger states. In the Congress, the Senate was created to balance it out, but there is nothing in place to balance the importance between large (high density)  states and small (low density) states. Even more worrying is the situation in which there is a tie. In the case of a tie in the electoral college, the election would be given to the House of Representatives, where state delegations would then have the deciding vote.

The Electoral College is outdated, unfair and impractical. The citizens of The

United States are more than capable of making descisions for themselves and do not need electors to make it for them. It is a non-democratic method of selecting a president and should be abolished.

Thank You.                                                                 