Dear Mr. Senator,

I am writing you concerning a topic that is very important to our country, and the citizens that preside in it. The electoral college is the current method of determining who will be elected as the president of the United states of America. As you know, it does so by allowing our citizens to vote for electors that then choose who they want as president for us. Citizens will most often vote for an elector that has sworn to vote for either the democratic or republican party's candidates for president. However, I

don't quite agree with this method of election. Through my research on this subject, I

have discovered that not only do these citizens not have the access to vote directly for who they want to run their country, but also that many electors go back on their word and vote for another party's candidate. I believe the system should be changed and the president should be elected through popular vote, and I'm not alone,

according to a Gallup poll taken in 2000, over 60% of the population agrees with me.

If the popular vote elects the president, every citizen will have their own choice on who they want as a president. In an electoral college, many people will merely have their votes casted aside becausetheir decisions or thoughts aren't the same as eveyone else in their state. Though some people say an electoral college is positive because it requires the candidateto have more than just regional appeal, but if people in that state like a specific candidate, even if they vote for an elector, the rest of their state may not like that candidate, and that person's vote will be cast away.

Also, the electoral college doesn't always follow the peoples' vote. For example, if there were to be a tie in the electoral college, the election would be given to the

House of Representatives. Since many people vote for a different party candidate than who they vote for, for the House of Representatives, they would not get their vote for president counted for anything, and the House may choose the president they don't want, without getting a say in any of it. Not to mention the 2000 election when Al

Gore got more votes overall, but Bush won the presidency due to the unfair, outdated system of the electoral college. The electoral college puts the decision of who will be the president into a couple hundred peoples' hands, instead of every American citizen.

Another reason for changing the method  to popular vote is the fact that all of the electors count the same. Since each state only counts for one electoral vote,

the one elector from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, will count for the same as the 55 electors from, California, who represent 35 million voters. That simply isn't fair because it's the same as saying the opinions of only 500,000 voters in Wyoming are as influencial and important  as the entire 35 million voters' opinions from

California. The fact that not all American citizens, promised to be able to vote for who will lead their country and influence their everyday life, are able to do so is absurd.

Many people argue and say that just one vote won't make a difference, but there are

34,500,000

people in California alone that are being disregarded and not counted for anything more than the 500,000 in Wyoming.

Why should the people living in smaller states have more influence than those with larger populations? Why shouldn't those 34.5 million people in California be able to make their own decision and choose their own vote for the President? The entire population of every single state in the United States of America, that has the legal right to do so, should be able to vote, and to have their vote actually counted for something instead of just having their decision made for them by someone they've never even met. With the popular vote deciding who will be president, everyone will matter just the same, which is how it should be since we are all created equal, and we all should have the equal power to decide how our country will be governed and who will govern it, we should all be counted; not just the small percentage that is at the top. Thank you for your time and consideration.

Your fellow Floridian and American,

PROPER_NAME                                                         