Do you want to stay after school everyday for something you dont want to do?

Our principle has decided to make every student take an extracurricular activity.

I have decided to write about why I dont like the idea of extracurricular activities.

I disagree with extracurricular activities because students are tired at the end of the day,students might have somethings to do after school,and the teachers dont want to stay after school everyday.

First, we should not have extracurricular activities because students are tired at the end of the day. For example,students have seven to eight hours a day of school so they are going to be exhausted at the end of school. For instance,students might have had a test and they have to stay after school for an extracurricular activity. students would start to dislike school for making them stay after school for activities they dont want to do. For example, students dont want to stay in school for more than seven or eight hours a day, It's exhausting to have to stay in school for up to nine hours for activities you dont want to do. We should not have to take an extracurricular activity.

Also, students should not have to take an extracurricular activity because students might have somethings to do after school. For example, students might have chores to do around there home, not every student can stay after school everyday. For example, students might have a doctor's appointment after school and they cant stay after school and students have to get a note from there parents saying they have a doctor's appointment. For instance,Students might be on a sports team and they have to go to training or they have a game,what are they going to do then? Students should not have to take an after school activity.

Finally,The students should not be forced to take an extra activity because the teachers dont want to stay after school everyday. For example Teachers have longer hours than the students. Teachers get to school before the students, and leave school after the students and sometimes they even stay after school. Teachers are exhausted after school and the teachers choose to stay after school, they should not have to stay after school everyday. For instance,teachers are going to be cranky at the end of the day because there may be some kids who made the teacher angry or the teacher is just tired at the end of the day either way the teachers should not have to stay after school, only the ones who choose to stay after school should stay. For example,teachers choose to stay after school to grade students work and teacher choose a day or two to stay after school to help the students who need help and if they stayed after school everyday they would not want to stay after school to grade or to help the students with work. Teachers should not have to stay after school everyday.

'If students stayed after school everyday they would not have time to do what they like at home.''

I disagree with extracurricular activities and we should not have to take an extra activity after school because students are tired at the end of the day,students might have somethings to do after school,and teachers dont want to stay after school everyday.

Students should not be forced to take an extracurricular activity because they have seven to eight hours of school a day, they might be on a sports team or have chores,and teachers dont want to stay after school everyday.

Students, we all should convince our principals that we should not have to take an extracurricular activity we already have a lot of things to do at home and at school.    