When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. This can solve ones problem, or it can make it more difficult. Most people in a sitiuation ask more than one person because of the extra advice, better help, and hearing what others have to say.

Extra advice can be very helpful when needed. Not always is there going to be just one person to help solve a big problem. It can really help getting different opinions or responses. In a tough sitiuation where you don't know what to do at all. Extra advice is extremely helpful for a fact. It may not be the best advice you get in life, but it still sends a hint to whats better. Even if its the smallest thing like, "Study for that test Friday." Anything can be good advice, as long as you actually listen and understand what one has to speak on. Everyone wants to atleast try and make the best choice but they don't want to listen when someone is trying to help. Without getting advice from others it's going to be harder to make the better choice.

Having the better help. Seeking for advice from more than one person can also have some problems. The main issue with getting a lot of advice, is not knowing which to take. You could get an opinion from someone and it could be really good. But you could also have someone else who stated something better. That's when someone won't know which advice to stick with. I would say it all depends on the opinion that really hits in the heart, and made a person realize what is best for them. Go with the better help, the more deep meaningful advice. People aren't letting it sink in that they need to actually pay attention to the little things going on. It's going to help them realize what is best. Not everyone will be able to give the same opinion on the sitiuation going on and thats ok.

Hearing what others have to say. When people get advice from multiple people they will get many different types of advice. The best thing is to hear each different response and try to put everything together into something like a pros and cons list. With the best advice and the advice that wasn't all that great. Some people may end up actually thinking the same and agreeing. That is whats always great because it makes things so much easier. Multiple opinions and multiple choices to make. It all comes back onto the one person trying to figure things out. Advice is so helpful and many don't understand. Most people think they can just do everything thing on their own with no help or lessons for what they need to actually hear.

In conclusion do what is best for yourself and others. The choice you end up making now, could either give you a bad affect or a good one and its all on what you decide to do. 