Schools have been around for a very long time, children would go to school, attend class and return home. What if there was a new way of educating students. Many districts in the U.S have started offering online classes for those who wanted to exceed or skip ahead of the rest of the class. I believe that being able to take a class online is a great idea because it gives students a choice whether to advance themselves in their education.

Taking online classes is relatively new, many students choose to take these online classes to either get ahead in their work or prefer taking classes at home because they are more comfortable learning in an environment they are comfortable in. For example, many students would take physical education online during the summer so they would have a free slot to take an elective the following year. A study shows that students who decide to advance themselves in their school work have a higher chance of getting into a great university. Students might also take online classes because they feel they would learn better and concentrate since there would be less distractions than at school. Taking an online class is also quite expensive, a regular class would approximately cost $400-700, not everyone can afford to take an online class. A professor took a poll of why students took online classes, and 40% of them said they do not feel comfortable learning in an environment that is full of distractions.

Signing up for an online class has many advantages, but it also has a few disadvantages. Students who take online classes do not get to work on their social skills which is very important in today's world. Social skills are a vital part of today's working world, having poor social skills will affect your everyday life. During an interview, if you are not confident and socially ready, they will not hire you. Another example of how having poor social skills can affect your day to day life is making friends or being in a relationship. Taking online classes have many advantages, but they will affect you later in your life.

In conclusion, schools offering online classes is a very smart idea, it lets students decide whether they would like to exceed and more ahead or stay with the rest of the class. I think more schools should offer this option, because not all students have the same goal in life. If one wants to become a scientist, he will take a class online so the following year he can take more science classes. I believe that being able to take a class online is a great idea because it gives students a choice whether to advance themselves in their education.