Have you ever walked outside and taken a deep breath of fresh air but then you realise that the air youre breathing isnt alll that fresh? Thats because air pollution has greatly increased in  recent years and the number one reason for air pollution is the exhaust from your cars. Yes, the amount of cars in the world has increaesed dramtically in the last 10 years. While this is good that the luxury of owning an auto mobile it has also put a burden on the earth and future generations. while cars have made it easier for our day to day lives the amount of pollution in the world has become too high to not do something about it now. instead of taking the modern convenience of a car what if you decided to ride your bike to work for a change.

The fact that the amount of pollution is ever imncreasing should be enough of a reason to limit car usage. Instead of driving every time you go somewhere if you just rode a bike or walked when its convienient you could make a difference in the world. You dont have to completely stop driving your car but just limit the amount of times you do drive and that little extra effort will make a big difference in the long run. the world is facing an epidimic in which we could not have clean air for our future generations to be able to take their kids to the park and enjoy a nice day in the sun.

Not only is limiting your car usage better for the enviroment it is also better for your body. When  you decide to ride your bike or walk opposed to driving your car you are getting a work out from doing so. This may not seem like much but when you look at how often you go places the numbers start to add up. In the ten minutes that you would take to go to the bank you could spend fifteen minutes riding your bike and getting exercise multiple times through out the day. thiss can also give you much more free time to do something physically active that you ignored because of a car, with the motivation to go out pollution free you can start up running or even learn how to skate and enjoy the go.

When you decide to make the change and not drive as much you open up endless possibilities for what you could do instead of sitting in one place driving. You become more active in the community and this helps the enviroment and you as a person. limited driving has been proved to be a great idea in more ways than you would think. Just doing your part can help out.

In conclusion the facts are all here that limited car usage is the best way to go for decreasing air pollution and making you a better you. It will help the future become a brighter and cleaner place to live.            