Phones and Driving

Drivers should not use cell phones because it distracts drivers and their attention should be on the road. There has been increased reliance on cell phones while driving and the issue has been debated over for a long time. This is because some deals and problems are solved instantaneously through making phone calls while driving.

The reason that cell phones should not be used is because it increases road accidents.

From the invention of automobiles, road mishap is always seen by everyone even dating back to times when cell phones had not been invented. With the correct view of the consequences of frequent accidents that are related to reckless driving, drinking, narrow roads and failure of vehicle engines, the prohibiting of the use of cell phone while driving is not an ideal action as it may lead to various unwanted consequences which may be expensive. The drivers who use their cell phones when driving are among the dangers on various highways. The drivers who use cell phones are more likely to be involved in road accidents than the non-users. In the process of talking to the phones, the drivers reduce their focus and their concentration on the things that are taking place in their immediate road environment reduces thus jeopardizing the safety of the pedestrians and the passengers in the vehicles.

When talking on the phone, it appears that a phone conversation takes precedence in attention over everything else, which can lead to accidents. This should overwhelmingly discourage the usage of cell phones while driving. These accidents can cause unnecessary injuries and even death.

In conclusion, cell phones should not be used while driving because it poses a serious threat to the safety of other drivers and their passengers. The consequences include the drain on health, financial stresses and injuries. People need to be aware of the risks of cell phones use while driving and encouraged to make safer choices through education.                   