Dear Principal ,

I think community service would be wonderful for anyone to do. Community service could really come in handy one day, it could also be fun. There are a lot of reason why I think we should all do community service but I'm only going to name three. The first reason why i think we should take community service is because its very nice, it helps others out with some stuff and also it makes you feel better about yourself. So lets turn this around and get to talking!

Being nice to someone is always the right thing to do, nobody really knows how much that means to someone else if you just do one little nice thing. Community service is always about being nice some of the students thinks its a waste of time, but they don't know what it is until they actually see the peoples faces when we be nice and jump out of our way to make them happy. Its amazing how one person can actually do that.

Helping out others could really be a drag sometimes but when the work is done it looks a lot better. This world would be a lot of a better place if people would just help each other with some little things. For an example: Some lady is getting very old and she needs someone to cut her grass every week. Someone could be so nice enough and just go cut the grass for free and see how she's doing. Helping others and being nice is all in the same concept. We all need to just do it maybe for a week. Trust me if people would realize how much we can help in this world I think we all could do it !

Community service is not only good for them its also good for yourself. Doesn't everyone love the feeling that your a hero ? Well if everyone did a little bit of community service everyone would be a hero everyday! Feeling good about yourself is the best thing about life. But making someone else happy is amazing. Nobody understands how community service could help them but its not only about helping them its about doing the right thing and helping others. Be good to yourself and make yourself proud for once go out and help others.

Its all three in one being nice, helping others and making yourself feel good. And I would truly love to do that with people if you Mr. Principal would allow every student to do so. Its all called common curtsy. Not most people have what we have so if we cleaned, did jobs, painted. Whatever made someone else happy I think I could persuade every other students to help also. Thank you for your time TEACHER_NAME hope to see you there helping out others with us!      