Cars have been a part of our culture for some time now. Since Henry Ford created the Model T, we have been crazy about these machines. Molding, crafting, and improving since, we have come to know these as daily objects. However, with all the new and progressing theroies now, is there really a need for cars? Limiting car use cold be beneficial not only for the Earth, but also for people. Limiting car use can improve people's moods, can reduce pollution, and improve community interaction.

Firstly, limitng car use could in turn improve people's moods. In Vauban, Germany, there has been an experiment of great proportion. They are living a suburban life without cars. Not only is this community close and in touch, the people are happier. As mother of two Heidrun Walter stated, "When i had a car in was always tense. Im much happier this way," it is showing that not having a car can really relax a person. Just think about it, no insurance, no car payment, no thinking if wil my car last until the end of today, just saving thousands a year and having a lot of stress put off.

Secondly, limiting car use can reduce pollution. Im almost certain we've all heard about Global Warming and Greenhouse Gases, and the devastation they do to our planet. Withou cars these problems are still present, but lack the massive numbers in which it was rising. Smog is a horrible kind of pollution that affects the biggest cities throught the world. Paris banned cars for an entire day to remove the amont of smog in the area. This shows that pollution can be stopped. Even though they only banned even numbered licenese plates one day and odd another pollution still went down. If all cars were banned then pollution would have gone down even further.

Lastly, limiting car use can improve community interaction. People now dont need cars for everything. They can walk, and take trains, and carpool. All these interactions strenghten the community. Walking makes people maybe wanna buy things from stores along the way and help local stores. Taking trains can create friendships and long lasting personal buisnesses. Carpooling cits down on emissions and reduces pollution. The community can do nothing but benefit from these.

In conclusion, limiting car use could be extremly helpful. It could improve people's moods, reduce pollution, and improve community interaction. Maybe someday we could actually get rid of cars and listen to the grinding of the pedals down the biking highways.    