In the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" it states that Venus will be hard to travel for humans even though it is the closest planet to being earth like but we can do it. We have the technology for it, it atronmoers find Venus interesting so they are willing to put work into it, and humans could survive being near Venus.

As it speaks of in the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author addresses that us humans have technology for Venus to be explored and NASA is looking into a device to be used on Venus. We cannot just use any technology on Venus because of the hot temperatures and conditions but there are some machines that are not that fragile that would survive on Venus. They have a poject of using an older machine called a mechanical computer says the author "Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers."(para 7). Along with another one is using items that would survive on Venus "... some simplifies electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber stimulating chaos of Venus's conditions and have lasted for three weeks in such condtions. (para 7) meaning this could be a technology devic that will help people become more familiar with Venus.

Mars interest some people; but, people cannot just visit Venus because of the conditions. Although Venus is the closest planet to being earth like the author talks about in "The challenge of Exploring Venus" "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and icludes features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." (para 4). Which is very Earth like as we have those featues at multiple places on Earth. Astonomers are interestred in Venus as the author says "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus it may well once have been the Earth-like planet in our solar system." (para 4). As they are interested in making technology for exploration of Venus.

Humans cannot phyically be on Venus but we can get close to being there. The NASA is actually has one idea of how us humans can get close Venus as the author states the idea "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roilng Venusian landscape." (para 5). The conditons for this will not be easy but is survivable for humans. The author states in "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" "Not easy conditons, but survivable for humans." (para 5) meaning humans that go to Venus will not find this easy but they will survive and be okay. The author is talking about how it would be to go to Venus but he believes there are ways to visit witht the conditions. "... despite the risks. Or maybe we should think of them as challenges." (para 6). By this the author is trying to get to the point that despite the unusual conditions for us humans there are still ways for us to get around it and we may face challenges but we can figure them out with our technology.

Overall in the article "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author does tell us the options for getting to know Venus even with the conditions of Venus. As we are fascinated by it also having the technology for devices to actually be on Venus and we could survive the conditions of being close to Venus. It is worth the studying and effort of trying to become more familiar with Venus. He had good point for the exploration of Venus.             