When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. If someone was to have an issue, they could ask a group of people they trust like their family and hear their opinions to help them out. Getting multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can compare and see which one you like best, if you hear something more than once, you are more likely to start agreeing with what the person says, and maybe the people you ask have gone through the same thing and you can predict the outcome of the situation before it happens.

For example, you can compare and see which one you like best. Someone could give you some advice that seems kind of sketchy but if you don't ask anybody else so then you might do what they told you to and the situation can end up even worse than what it was when you started. A better choice would be to not just ask one person but instead asking many different people to see which one you are most comfortable with and that suits you and your personality. Say you were a shy person and you ask someone that's almost the exact opposite of you and the advice they give you is kind of bold and out there which isn't who you are so you would ask another person who might have a more conservative piece of advice and choose to listen to them and everything works out because you were more comfortable with the conservative idea which you may not have gotten unless you asked more than one person.

Another example is, if you hear something more than once, you are more likely to to start agreeing with what the person said. Say you were asking your friends opinion on something you want to get and they all start saying that is was pretty and that it looked good, you would be more reassured to buy that item because more than one person said that they like it. Studies show that people will agree with or do something if more than one person says it. When you hear the same piece of advice more than once, your brain encourages that piece of advice because hearing it over and over is a sign that maybe it will work and that you should listen.

The last reason is, maybe the people you ask have gone through exactly what you are going through because then you will be able to predict what's going to happen if you do take their advice and see what the outcome might be. If you were to ask your mom to help you with getting a boy to like you and then you ask your aunt or your grandmother but after you ask them what the outcome was and your aunt was the only one who ended up being with that person, you would do what your aunt said instead of your mom and grandmother because their advice didn't work out in the long run and your aunts did.

In conclusion, asking many different people that you trust for their opinions can help someone make a better choice because you can decide on which piece of advice fits you and your personality best, you might hear it twice so then you might start agreeing with what that person said to do, and asking many different people can help you predict what might happen if you were to do the same thing that person did. 