How would a person act if they were alone with nobody to socialize with ; sad, lonely depressed. Students should stay after for at least one student activity. I have been persuaded by teachers, parents and even friends that I should stay after school for a sport or a study session.

It helps students who aren't very social or extroverted to make new friendships and meet new people, as after school is a time to socialize. Some of these students don't have a very big social life at home. It could be for a multitude of different reasons. Such as strict parenting, introverted, different style and hobbies as other kids.

For a time that students could talk and be with one another is a stepping stone to meet lifelong friends. What if a students friends isn't in one of their classes, they could always stay after school for a hobby that they enjoy. That leads into my next segment.

Students could find hobbies that suit themselves and create a love for a project. the saying goes "don't knock it till you try it" which really comes to fruition with after school. Students could have a love for art and sports but never have the time to try it at home. or have a to busy life to get professional lessons for there craft such as piano. But with after school, students have four hours to do whatever the are interested or intrigued to do.

After school could bring subjects that are not yet integrated in school for better understanding for job opportunities, for students who are interested in the stock market and business, they can make something out of there hobby or craft. Students could have a hidden gift that they haven't tapped into, which could have a monumental help in the future.

What if students have problems at home and school is there safe haven? Studies show that students with problems at home usually love to stay at school because of there abusive parents, family members, not enough food. rough neighborhood; there are many upsetting reasons. Students also might have parents who work late and would rather not be home and would rather play with their friends after school.

Some students could learn great leadership and cooperating skills with clubs. clubs bring together people with the same interest and they can create and do a multitude of different thing such as a art club,

esports clubs, fashion and streetwear club. Students could have clubs that help with academics like tutoring or poetry. Students could also have club presidents and many different things that they can do to keep their hobby fresh and exciting.

Students should stay after for at least one student activity. since there is a glorious school with loving teachers and amazing people, students should take advantage of after school. students should start clubs, play sports, regroup with teachers. Remember from High School Musical "Were all in this together!"