Driverless cars are cars that can opperate and drive on roads wihtought a human accelerating, decelerating, and steering the car. Personally I am both for, and against driverless cars. Just like everything in this world, there are positives and negatives to them. Driverless cars can make it easier on people in their everyday life, but they could also be dangerous to pedestrians or others around the driverless cars. I will now tell you my opinion on driverless cars giving facts to support why I think so.

Starting with the postives, driverless cars can make life easier for everyday drivers. It could potentially reduce the percentage of texting and driving becuase the human is not really the one driving, and operating the vehical needing to give their full attention to the road. When the car is driving it's self, it is more aware of what's around it because it can see and sense the whole car without any blind spots, but this is not including work zones or other special road conditions of course. Also, it may be able to reduce speeding tickets and reckless driving.

Although there are many benefits to driverless cars, are they really safe? There actually isn't one car in the world today that is completely driverless. All of them need some type of human assistance, if it means backing out of the drive way, getting through a road constuction, or making it through a tricky road. We all know technology is advancing everyday by the second, but with that being said technology fails all the time. There could be a glitch with the system, or it could just completely crash and we would be relying on the car to continue to drive its self. Doesn't sound very safe in my opinion.

With smarter cars comes smarter roads? Some companies such as General Motors has led themselves to belive if you update roads, putting some type of magnet, or metal device in them to sensor to the cars, they will have no problem driving on roads. Although, that sounds brilliant would it really work? General motors made a smart track, embedding electrical cables to radio signal negative and positive energy to the front end of the car. It was very succesful, but not every road is as smooth runnng as the track was.

Say a company figured out how to create a driverless car, and humans weren't really needed to opperate it, only if something was going wrong, would the laws change? I belive every person who is going to be driving one would need a special license, and they would need to go to a class to learn proper techniques of what to do, and how to react if the car started loosing control and something was going wrong. There is also big contraversy on who would be at fault if the car did have technical issuses and ended up injuring or killing somebody, the cra manufacturer or the individual behind the wheel. Althoug, theres are positives that are really cool, and exciting about driverless cars, they are dangerous and would change so much about the law, and driving on roads. I personally don't see driverless cars becoming a thing on the roads any time soon.    