I write this to the Senator of Florida.

Every four years a president is elected to become what is the Commander and Chief and sole representative of the United States of America. Because we as a country are a democracy, "the people" get to choose the president. We go every four years, starting at the age of 18 and so on, to vote or to choose who we want to represent us as Americans. Who we want to run this country. Who we want to lead us both to sucess and trust that they will do all in their power to keep us safe. But are we, the people, really choosing who we want? Just like President Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO, I believe that we are not choosing at all but we are voting for a state of electors, who in turn choose a president for us.

The electoral college is very unfair to voters."according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore_ thanks to the quirks of the electoral college - won the popular vote but lost the presidency, over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election...voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could lose the presidencey. (The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid deeefenses of the system are wrong By: Bradford Plumber) If you wanted to vote for a specific president you would have to elect the state electors pledged to that president and hope they pick them. At times the electors have the right idea and other times the electors get confused and choose the wrong person. Other times the elector could even be biased or even racist (in rare cases), and choose the one person that you do not see running this country.

"Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. During The 2000 campaign, seventeen states didnt see the cadidates at all, including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the larrgest media markets didn't get to see a single campain ad." That is, because the electors are the ones that choose. The candidates don't even attempt to campaign in places they know they wont get a vote on. The cadidates will try to win over the bigger states first to gain more electoral votes to win.

I see the electoral college as an unfair way for the people to vote for president. If we are truley a democracy, then we should change from using the electoral college to the use of popular vote, or direct election.    