The technology in today's world just keeps getting crazier and crazier! What do you think about Driverless Cars? Driverless Cars shouldn't be developed. The thought of this idea just sounds dangerous. Driverless cars shouldn't be develeoped for many reasons such as; saftyness, expenses, and lazyness.

Safetyness is a big issue when it comes to cars. Just think about all of the rules that we have today reguarding safety with cars. Driverless Cars could cause accidents and many new laws to be made just because of the safety issues. As stated in paragraph 7, "In fact, none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless." By saying this, who knows if they ever will really have a completey Driverless Car. Without being completely driverless, something could go wrong at any time and that isn't a good or safe thing.

The expenses of cars today are outrageus, but think about the cost for a Driverless Car. The prices of a driverless car will cost the inventors and the buyers. The inventors have to pay billions of dollars to complete a car that functions all by itself, which is going to be very expensive. All of the parts and technology are already high in todays vehicles, so a Driverless Car is definitely going to be high in price. The money being put into Driverless Cars could be going into more important things.

Driverless Cars will cause a lot of lazyness in today's world. Many people already text and do other things while driving, so imagine what they would if they didn't have to drive at all. The population of texting in driving would increse. People would probably fall asleep while driving, which can result in car accidents. This invention also involves people being lazy because they wont even have to learn how to drive anymore. The less people don't know about driving the lazier they can be, because they won't have to do anything when it comes time to drive.

Driverless Cars shouldn't be made due to safetyness, expenses, and lazyness. The car could mess up and cause an accident at any time, which isn't safe. Expenses for the Driverless Car would be very pricey and a waste. Lazyness will increase, because people won't have to learn to drive. 