The Electoral College, its something that can change the amount of votes someone has rapidly depending on how many he or she has recieved. For some it is something that can help you, and for others its a nightmare. Most people would say it is something to be aware about and the rest dont care about it.

To start off, The Electoral College is not a physical builiding or place, its a process that the founding fathers established in the Constitution as a compromise between elections of the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. Most people belive that this process should be eliminated, some of those protesters are or were very important people, for example Bob Dole, he once said "

The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational.

"

Secondly, If someone is in the Electoral College and vote for who they want for President, really they dont vote for them, according to "The Indefensible Electoral College" by Bradford Plumer, the people on the Electoral College actually "vote not for the President, but for a slate of electors, who in return elect the president." Thats messed up! They barley have any control on who they vote for. What if the electors dont vote for who the voters expect to win? Actually, this incedent has happend before in Hawaii in 1960 with two electors, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please.

Next, The Elecotral College is widley regarded as an anachronism. According to "In Defense of The Electoral College" by Richard A. Posner, "

the advocates of this position are correct in arguing that the Electoral College method is not democratic in a modern sense...

". It is the electors who elect the president, not the people. When people are voting for a presidential candidate, they're actually voting for a slate of electors. Its is truley unfair for that to happen because the electors can betray the presidential nominee and cast their vote for the opposing nominee.

Finally, It is entirely possible for the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote. It is very rare for something like that to occur. According to "In Defense of The Electoral College" by Richard A. Posner, "

It happend in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush, yet fewer electoral votes..."

.A tie in the nationwide electoral votes is possible because the total number of votes, which is 538, is an even number, but it is highly unlikely.

Overall, The Electoral College should be removed, because when the electors cast their vote, they dont really take part in the vote, it really is the slate. Sure, it can add more votes than the nominee actually has, but it is an unfair, outdated, and irrational procces that should no longer be in the Constisution.    