Dear Principal,

I believe that the 1st policy of letting them have phones at school for free time and lunch periods is better because if you don't let them have them in school there could emergency phone calls or text messages that they need to use them for. The policy of letting them have phones at school for free time and lunch periods but turning them off in the class time is better in a lot of ways, i think having them off during class periods is good so they do not become a problem for teachers and students. But also for free time I think they are fine because students can use them for emergencies and problems if they have any.

The 2nd policy is not good at all for students because if they absolutely need to use the phones they will not be able to use them for problems and family or friend issues. I like using my cell phone but during school it is off all day so i do not get in trouble, in some cases, no, they should not be used but yes, a little bit of the time i believe they are acceptable. The only problem with you letting us have phones i school is that kids will text in class and use them for reasons they should not be used for during school hours. (texting, calling). The only reason they should be used is for calculators and during free time, music if you have music on it.

When students are using their phones they need to be supervised by teacher or counselor, principal, etc. cell phones are useful in some cases but they should not let them get out of hand. I understand that teachers get to use their cell phones but they normally use them for reasons of calling home making parental contacts and emergencies with their family or with a student.

Me, myself just think that when cell phones should be used it should be announced by the teacher that is a time to use them and when the time is not good for them to use the phones. Cell phones can be very troublesome to some kids but my opinion is that you should stick with your first policy because it could and probably would be good for everyone.      