Dear Senator,

There have been multiple arguments on wether or not the Electoral College should be used for electing the President. Electing a President by the Electoral College is a better idea than electing a president through popular vote. Representatives know what is right for their country while most of American citizens would not make the right decisions, and sometimes do not even make any decisions at all.

First off, citizens themselves elect their own state representatives for the House of Representatives. They vote for them for many reasons. The representatives are well educated. The people vote for the representatives, and in return, they expect and trust the representatives to make the right decisions for them. Electing a new president is a pretty big deal and should be taken care of in the hands of the trusted representatives. According to Richard A. Posner's article

Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the P

resident,

that trust is rarely betrayed

.

As stated in reason 3 of this article,

"

[...]the most thoughtful voters should be the ones to decide the election." The Representatives are the most thoughtful voters. This is what the representatives do. It is their job. They dedicate most of their life to representing the people who elected them and making decisions on their behalf. They should be the ones doing the decision making.

Now if this were not to be this case and popular vote was the priority source of votes in electing a President, then the voting results would be completely biased. There would be a chance that majority of the votes put into the ballot were decided without true thought. People could easily vote on something important just by randomly electing just like closing your eyes and choosing a marble out of a marble jar. They could also vote for the canidate who their best friend voted for and not even think about their own opinion or why they even decided to choose that person in the first place. Another thing that affects the voting charts is the lack of participation. 15% of Americans do not vote. Every American citizen has the right to vote. It is their civil duty to vote during an election, and yet, 15% of them still choose not to.

What is better: A country run by people making uneducated decisions on major things or having the thoughtful people be the ones who decide on the course of this country?  Unless America increases the quality of education and spreads the word on the amount of importance that it is to vote, important tasks such as electing a President should be kept in the hands of the educated Representatives of the Electoral College. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

An American Citizen    