In my opinion students should come to school. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students,which allows the students to be irresponsibles and not to show their work to the teacher. As we can see taking classes online is not a good option to us, for instance if we dont make the time to attend the classes online, or by the time we are taking the online classes we received a text for friend we stop doing what we are doing and got distracted by the electronic devices and, others words if we come to school received classes we are going to be able to get the knowledge that we need to be great in our academic life.

I consider myself that taking online classes is not a good option for students. Some students that take online classes are procrastinators,they dont care about their homework, or they wait until the last minute to do it. The truth is, if we dont take our online classes seriously how we are going to learn. For example,

My friend Generic_Name is taking online classes and she said that taking online classes allow her to be irresponsible by not doing her homework.

Some students dont make the time to take the online classes and we just forget to take it. I wonder how we are going to learn if we dont make the time to do it. Sometimes we got distracted for something that have nothing to with the class that we are taking. However, if we have a job and we got home late, and in our mind is to get home and take the online classes, but when we get home we are so tired and we just want to go to bed, and forget about what we have to do.

The last and more important reason what we should take classes in school is, if we attend to school,we can ask questions to the teacher and he can provides us with a powerful answers and specific examples, if we attend to school that will helps us to get a responsibility to be every day at school and not to miss any important class, and also that would gives the knowledge that we would need to be great in life.

In final consideration I think students should come to school and take our classes, that way we would learn more better than taking it in online, and also that we will makes us more responsible. As we take the classes in school we will get the knowledge that we would need to success in our academic life in general we would be great in our professional life.  