Cars come in different colors, and are what we use to transport anything. Whether it a family going on vacation, going to  work or going to school.  With all of these possible benfits and more is what we gain from cars. We don't realize how cars really have an effect in our everyday changing world. That the moment we put the car key in to turn on the car we are creating are more hazordous world for the present time and  the furture to come. By,limiting car usage in the world we can do many postive and beneficial things like in our atmosphere,  becoming a independent person without the need of a car, and to be relive as oneself.

To begin with, pollution can be reduced like never ever before in are world named history. Pollution now in days is just terrible to have. It not just make it difficult  for us to breathe but, as well it destroy the atmoshere that we need protect us from the harmful rays of the sun. The greenhouse effect can be lowered if we limit the use of cars. This can be actually proven with the following exert of the passage," And that experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (Source #1) The point that I'm really trying to convey, is that we can do this all together if we limit the car usage. There should be a well and profounded effort to do so. Another example would be that if we dont limit the usage of cars we can not have a fresh and clear atmoshere. Can you imagine a day that you wake up to find, that all that was around you be nothing but a smog and prevent you to see and do anything? The car we have produce dangerous toxic that can up in are air and can be very hard for us later on. But if limit car usage, we can prevent this from happening. Not, just us but to other place in the world. This was what happen in France ,to prevent the usage for cars producin that smog they created an renforce day to prevent the use of car. Which lead to a shocking over turn of news. Like so in the following,"Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France" (Source #2) What I'm trying to inform once again is that we limit we can create a better fit living world to be in. This is one advantages that we can do as fellow citizens in our country

Which lead to me to my othe point, there is more that we have in advantage of limiting the usage of cars. It is a way of "smart planing" ourself as a community. We can live a more free caring world without the need of a car. Technology can play a part in the limit of of car usage. As stated in the folllowing "The Internet makes telecommuting possible and allows people to feel more connected without driving to meet friends." (Source #4)See this occur and happen this a will fitted advantage to us all. Another, advantage that we have in hand is the ability to relieve our stress level to a much stable level. which lead to me to my other insight of information, "When I had a car I was alwaystense. I'm much happier this way" said Heidrun Walter" (Source #1) Being in the car makes it complicated and diifficult. This is another way for us take advantage to limit the use of cars.

In conclusion, there are many advantegous for that we can benifit from that if we limit the use of care by lower pollution in are atmospher, creating a more benficial way for ouself without the need of a car, the relive of oneself. So, the next time you get on your car think is it reall a need to do so?    