Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during these long summer breaks. Students should have the ability to pick their own projects, because they can do a project over something that interests them and they would like to know more about. This could also want them to share an idea with there class that they find interesting this could be a good way to educate themselves and the other students.

If students are aloud to pick the project that they would like to do,they could learn about something that they never knew before, this could make them want to find out more about it and research more and have more details for the project. If students are aloud to pick it they could educate themselves and make their mind run wild,it could also challenge the mind to keep on finding more details and more information so that they could have a good project. They wouldn't only educate themselves but it would teach the other classmates something new and make them pay more attention to the project and more kids will be awake for it and not want to fall asleep because its an interesting project. Kids have a big mind and if we let them do what they want for education they could amaze the teachers and make them want to give the kids more of these self reliable projects. Students would also have the ability to decorate there project and make it more appealing and more beautiful to look at and that would grab other kids attention.

Some students don't always do the project that the teacher assign to them and most of the kids will not do it and fail, and that could make the kids not move onto the next grade. If teachers let students pick their own project over the summer most of the kids would do it, because they have a choice and the grades will rise and kids will move onto the next grade. They wouldn't only move onto the next grade they would also have a good bond with their parents, because the kids are stress free and have good grades. Some family's go on family vacation during the summer and some kids don't have time to finish the project, but if they had a choice they wouldn't have to rush, because they could always write over something they like and then they could also have some fun and enjoy there summer, and they don't have to rush and get the project done. Everyone has been there once when you got a project and its so hard that you can't think of something and your are sitting in front of your computer thinking about something to research on, this could cause you to have stress and make you angry, writing over something you like and find interesting could help you reduce stress and make you a happier pearson and the less stress you have the friendlier you will be.

If the project was off of what the teacher would want us to write about it would be hard and it would challenge our mind to think beyond the boundaries and make us smarter and more intelligent. Teachers only want the best for their students so they pick the hard projects to make our minds grow so that we can be smarter and be ready for college. The projects that the teachers pick can be challenging but you can learn something interesting or maybe something new that you never even knew existed. Teachers are good people and they just want us to be successful in life.

If teachers let students pick their own projects more kids will do it and there would be a good passing rate in the class, because students are not forced to do something that they hate they can let their minds run free and find something interesting to do their project on. There will be more information for the classmates to learn and the teacher may learn something that they haven't learned before. Students can reduce stress and enjoy the project that they are doing. Students have a wild and creative mind if teachers let them us it for education it will amaze them with all the knowledge that they have. let the students have a choice and let their minds run free like a bird.