When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one, single person. In the past, I have asked more than one person what they think. Most people also ask more than one person for something as well. Seeking multiple opinions is good because you can get multiple opinions and compare them, and you can get multiple opinions for things people have experienced and haven't experienced.

The first reason people should ask for more than one opinion is they could get multiple opinions and compare them. It's sort of like taking a survey, but in this case you are surveying peoples opinion. You would take someones opinion then go to another person and get their opinion. You could do this with more than just one person. For example, if you are going to try a new food at a restaurant, you go either ask people in person what their opinion is or go online to the review section of the restaurant website or rating website. You would then take everyones opinion and see the pros and cons for the food you want to try. The pros and cons could be about one certain dish you might want to try or about the restaurant its self. This is how taking many different opinions is good for making a better choice.

The second reason you should take multiple opinions is you can get opinions from people who have done and haven't done whatever you are trying to get an opinion on. You could take someones opinion if they have done whatever you are getting an opinion for. They might have experienced it before, but you could also take someones opinion if they haven't tried it before but get their opinion on what they think of it. For example, if you want to try something like a new ride at an amusement park, you could ask someone who has already riden the ride and someone who hasn't. You would get the person who already rode the ride their opinion of what they thought of the ride when they rode it like did it have loopty-loops, if it is really fast, or if it a spinning ride. You would then get the person who hasn't tried it and see what they think from just seeing and hearing about the ride. You could then get the pros and cons of each and decide whether to go on it or not. For this reason, you should take more than just one opinion.

In conclusion, you should get more than just one opinion about making a better choice. You could get multiple opinions and compare them. You could also get them from people who have experienced whatever you are getting an opinion about and someone who hasn't done it. For these reasons, you should get more than just one opinion to make a choice.