Many schools have considered requiring students to complete projects over the summer break. If required, should these projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? In my opinion, teacher-designed projects seems like the best interest for students. When students design these projects, they would probably make them very simple and boring, just to get out of work. Projects created by students will probably not be appropriate at school. Also, student-designed projects will not be taken serious by the students. However, individuals may have different opinions on this topic.

When assigned a summer project, teachers should design the project and tell what to do. If students design these projects, they would be very simple and boring, just to get out of doing a lot of work. Students think if they get it over with, they can do what they want the rest of the summer. The purpose of the summer project is to continue learning during the break. Students may do the minimum, which is not learning much over break. Some individuals may say it would also be simple when a teacher assigns it, because every student will be doing the same project, but if the teacher assigns the project at least they will know what the project is. Therefore, there are many other reasons why teachers should assign all summer projects.

Projects over summer are to assure that students learn over the long break. Letting students design their own project, leads to the project not being appropriate at school. Not being appropriate at schools means not educational for school purposes. If the project, is not educational, why design it for school? Many students may think, "they want me to do a project, fine I'll do whatever comes to mind first." Most people say the students did the project, it did not have to be educational. If the project is not educational, there is no purpose to design it for school. Continuing learning over break is supposed to be related to educational purposes and not just doing a project for fun.

Student-designed projects will not be taken serious by the students, themselves. If the teacher assigns a summer project, the student will be required to do it, but if the student is allowed to design a project, they will wait until the last day of summer to do it. The students will come up with a project in one day, then do it, and forget about it for the rest of the summer. Some say that students may not take teacher-designed projects seriously either. That is true, but they may also feel obligated to do the project if the teacher designs and assigns it. On the other hand, I think teachers should design all summer projects for many reasons.

In conclusion, when designing a summer project for students, the teacher should be in charge of designing the project. Students should not be allowed to design their own, because it will be simple and boring, just to get out of doing work. Summer projects created by students and not by teachers may not be appropriate at school. Also, student-designed summer projects will not be taken serious by the students. So, if your school is considering summer projects and you agree with the statements above, talk to the principle and go to the school board with these ideas. Let your principle know that teacher-designed summer projects is in the best interest of the student. 