The technonogy we have today allows us to create new ideas that can chage our world. Driverless cars is an idea that is a part of the modern age of technology. In the article , the aurthor elaborates on many ways drvierless cars have become a reality in our world today. The technology that allows us to create new ways to keep the raods safe helps our world become a better place.

Every year thousands of people die or get injured becasue of car crashes. Driverless cars can help put an end to the tragic deaths caused by these crashes. In the second paragraph, the author pionts out that Google's independently driven cars have driven more than half a million miles without crashing. Cameras and sensors in cars watch the road and the driver ensuring that the people in the car and the poeple in the car's surroundng are safe. If everyone has the opportunity to drive one of these cars, then crashes will be reduces significantly.

Not only does the new technology in the cars have the abilty to stop crashes, they allow the car tranmit information to the people inside the car incase there is a malfunction. In 2013, BMW announced the start of "Traffic Jam Assistant". Although the progrma does not make cars completely driverless, it shows that we are coming closer to creating cars with the ability to make driving safer. BMW's "Traffic Jam Assistant" has special touch sensors that makes sure the driver has his or her hand on the steering wheel at all times. Teh new technolgy can sterr, brake and accelerate themselves, but its primary design is to notify the driver when the raid ahead needs the skills of a human driver. Some of these warning include flashing lights or windshield display that can notify the driver if the situation needs human skills.

Although, a completley driverless car is still in the furture, new technolgies have shown that a driverless car is safe enough to invest in. With its features keeping people focused, crashes caused by texting, sleeping, or even drunk driving will decrease. Also the amount of people speeding will drop resulting in less tickets and overall safer rods that everyoen can drive on without the fear of getting in a car crash.   