ASKING for ADVICE

We have all asked for advice at least once in our lives. You may not know how to ask or tell someone something. So when you are looking for advice,asking multiple people can help you get a better answer. When asking for advice you will get different opinions,different views,and different stories. All of these tings will give you a better choice when asking for advice.

If your asking for advice from someone you might get there opinion on the situation. Say the thing your asking about happened to them, they might put in there opinion. If you going to ask someone out on a date the person you asked for advice might give their opinion on where they like it or not. Whether the opinion is bad or not. You can take the persons good or bad opinion on the issue and change the way you feel about it to make it helpful to your situation. This is a good thing to look for when asking for advice.

Another thing to look for when asking for advice is different stories. When people get older they gain more stories. So when you ask for advice they might tell you a story from a time when they did the same thing your asking about. If you ask them how to tell someone something of importance they might tell you a time they did the same thing. You can take that information and get all the advice you need to tell go and tell the person the the thing you want to tell. You can also get life advice from listening to other peoples stories. When you ask for their advice you might get more than you needed in return. This would help you get the answer your looking for.

Now the last thing is, you might just get different advice in general. Every person you ask is going to give you a wide variety of advice. When your listening to the person you can take notes. Then rule out the one that makes the most since and use that as the advice you use to do the thing you were asking about. Listening to people advice is a great way to learn as well. If the persons advice works then you can use the same advice if someone asks the same question you asked. This would be a great way to get different stories and opinions for a better choice when asking for advice from someone.

Getting advice is a common thing that humans do. It gives us different views and opinions, but asking more that one person gives us loads of information and stories. So in conclusion I think that asking multiple people is a perfect way to get a better answer on what you are looking for. All of the thing I mentioned can also be applied to you. If someone asking you for your advice then you can you these thing to give them a better answer.                 