I believe that disbanding electoral college would be in favor of most peoples decisions. This way everyone has a chance to vote decisively and not having electoral college decide who should be the president of the united states. Electoral college dosent let the people decide who they want to be president. It lets the lets the slate of electors decide which is totally un fair in my decision. People are the ones who elect which president they feel will make the United States a better country. Maby the slate of electors have a different decision in mind than what the people of america think about who should be president.

Popular vote would be much better in my decision because it gives everyone a chance on picking there president and not having other people pick it for them. Say there was a tie in the electoral votes, than they would be passed onto the house or reps were state  delegations vote on the president and not the people of america. There is a greater quantity of people than there are slate of electors and house of representitves. The electoral college is completely unfair to voters because in each state candidates dont spend time in states they dont think will help them win presidency. We the people dont have the ability to choose who we want as a president and we want our freedom of being able to do that. There will be less conflicts and anger from the people if they disband electoral college.

But in many eyes electoral college are in favor to those people. They think its right to have the slate of electors vote for who they think would be a better president. The electoral college does avoid the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast. But it could lead to more pressure in the election process, which could greately complicate the presidential elections. There for saying that electoral college isint a good decision to have. People should decide what they want to have for this country. They should be able to take a mark and say we dont want electoral college anymore for the United States.

It would have to be weighted in an election of the people to decide what they want to have. Electoral college method of selecting a president may have a big impact on people by not choosing the president they want. Saying in the peoples minds that Electoral College should be disbanded and gotten rid of because it depends on what the people of the U.S. choose, not the slate of electors. We the people of the United States should have the freedom to choose what will make this  a better and stronger Country!      