Venus, a planet that neighbors Earth that can also becalled Earth's twin, not because of them both looking the same, but in term of density and size. The author suggested that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents for us. You may be able to ee it from a distance but getting on it is a whole other challenge.

Earth alternates being closer to Mars or Venus, humans have sent spacecraft to land on Venus but are failed due to the fact that no spacecraft has ever succesfully landed and survived. The atmosphere around Venus is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide, and surroning it are clouds of highly corrosive sulfric acid in the atmosphere. It states that "On average the temeperature of the planets surface is 800 degress Fahrenheit and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greated than what we experience on our own planet". Compared to what we feel on Earth humans adaptablity cannot match with the intense surface and temperature of Venus having even the power to crush a submarine, known for diving to the deepest part of our oceans and can even have the ablility of liquefying many metals. Having said that, Venus not even being the closest to the sun has the highest surface temperature and with thr high pressure and heat it had additional impediments that we as humans can not adapt to our work with.

Venus has been known to be the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Assumptions being made say that Venus was like Earth with forms of life and having oceans cover it just like Earth. To this day it has some of the features that Earth has and being on how close it is it can be our nearest option for space visit. NASA has had an idea on how to study Venus "a blimp like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditons by staying up and out of their way". By being above the surface the air pressure would match the sea level for Earth's solar power and radiation would not go past Earth's levels. The conditions not being easy but survivable for humans.

To this day scientists are seeking to conduct a mission on how to get onto Venus and understand it regardless of the risks. Having tested products like simple electronics, they have made a chamber simulating the time and estimating on how long it would last to stay on Venus's surface and have lasted three weeks in the conditions Venus is made up in. Even with danger in the explration it should let us expand our reach to get closer to Venus. Seeing on how much work and effort people put into the discovery of a new planet shows that with time and innovation we can succeed in exploring Venus and what new things they can discover.