Professor Thomas Huang and Professor Nicu Sebe have worked on a software that can detect how a person is feeling. The software is called teh FAcial Action Coding System, or FACS. The software can use muscle detectors to analyze and detect how a person is feeling. From my perspective, I think this is a great software to have, especially for certain situations. Some situations may include popping up media.

One reason why I think this is a great idea is because of it's function where it recognizes what you're feeling, and make modifications based around it, so you'll feel better. In the text, it mentions of how the software can detect whether someone is confused or bored, and can make some modifications to better suit the person. This shows that when it does that, it can help students better understand the topic. In the text, it mentions how when the software detects your emotion, it sends over an ad based on how you feel. This shows that if someone is feeling sad, they can send them an article about how to get better or how to overcome a loss, which is really useful. This is great for using media to assist you, but of course, it has a human-caused benefit.

The software can help you make random faces, and when done, it can help you with your emotions. In the text, it states that making fake smiley faces actually causes you to feel slightly happy. This shows that when you're making a fake smiley face when down, there's a chemical in your body that actually can help you get better. In the text, it states that Stanislavsky has his students make happy faces and frowning faces, due to the previous fact to help them better act. This shows that the software can help you detect whether or not you're actually acting a feeling well or not. Now, there is a benefit for those who don't have a software.

The software can detect facial muscles, and that helps it point out what a person is feeling. In the text, it states that the software succesfully recognized Mona Lisa's facial muscles, and it showed her to be 83% happy. This shows that the software can go through many paintings and easily detect how they're feeling. In the text, it states that with it's muscle-detecting technology, it can detect whether or now a politician or celebrity is being truthful or not. This shows that the software can detect whether or not a celebrity is lying, and that can helpful, especially in an allegation.

Overall, I believe that this technology is good to have around. It can detect how you feel, and attempt to assist you. It can cause you to make fake happy faces and actually feel happy. Finally, it can help out with detecting a truthful person or not. With that said, I believe that this will go great with classrooms in the country. 