All students should have a decision if they want to play a extracurricular sport. One reason is that some students have responsibilities to do after school, for example chores, babysitting, and doing homework stuff like that. Next, reason is students might not like the sports that are given to play, because they never played it before. Lastly, students are not given that much attention to school, because they are so into the sport they are playing. So, i think students should have a choice to play a extracurricular sport.

One reason is that students have responsibilities to do after school, that they don't have enough time to play a extracurricular activity. Students might have a job to do after school, like working, have to babysit there sister, and get somebody off the bus everyday, etc. Students don't have enough time to do an sport, and have responsibilities to do too. Therefore, Students have responsibilities to do that doesn't require doing an activity that can take time away from doing that.

Next reason is students might not like the activity given to play. Someone might not appreciate or like the activity they have to play, because they don't know how to play or just to lazy to play it with others. Students nowadays like to choice what they want to play not what others want them to play; because they might not like the activity given to them. For example they might have got picked to play soccer, they never played soccer so they may not like to play; because they never played that exact activity. Therefore, they should play what they played or seen get played by them or others.

Lastly, students are not paying enough attention in school. They are so focused on that one activity that they forget about what is happening around them. Students give so much attention into something not that much important as school and there grades. There grades are dropping because they skip half of class just to do an activity, they never make it up because so into what happened during that activity time. Therefore, school should come first before any sport and everything else avoiding that school time.

In conclusion, students should have a decision to what they want to do for there after school activity. One reason is that students have responsibilities to do after school, for example chores, babysitting, and getting younger kids off the bus, etc. Another reason is students might not like that activity given to them, because they never played it before. Lastly, students are not paying enough attention in school, because they are so into that activity. To sum this up no i don't think every student should have to play an activity if they don't like or don't have enough time, or not paying attention in class.