When faced with a difficult task or decision its beneficial to ask for advice,but sometimes asking for help does more harm than good or leaves you with more questions than you had before. This is why when seeking advice you should always be careful,because you can't always know if the person your asking really knows what they are talking about. It isn't always lack of knowledge though it can be that that person has a bias towards one particular subject or that they want to purposefully spread misinformation. To protect yourself against this you need ask as many people as possibly in order to widen your perspective and ultimately make the best chose possible.

Firstly,asking multiple people for help on a subject is the best and only way to about seeking advice. If the first pereson you asked is off on their information you will quickly figure that out if the next people's advice is wildly different from that of the first,but this isn't always the case. For example if you were to ask all your friends if you should stay up all night playing video games with them chances are that they would say yes. Now if you ask a doctor or your parents the same question chances are that they would say no and they'd probably be correct. The point is that the majority is not always in the right a lot of the time the minority is correct so it is crucial to try to hear the perspective of different kinds of people such as different ages or ethnicity. So you do not make a mistake in your decision.

An example of a time when i made a mistake in asking advice was when i asked my friend if i should preorder a video game or not. Due to the fact that he was a huge fan of the company who made the game he couldn't say enough about how good it was going to be and all the new and innovative features. Not realizing that i should have done my research and ask around a little bit more I pulled the trigger and preordered the game. Days turn into weeks and weeks turn into months when it finally gets released. I excitedly unpacked the game when I realize that its nothing like my friend hyped it up to be as. It was a 70$ mistake but it taught me an important lesson to always be on the look out for bias.

Bias is when are person has a predisposed opinion on a subject for example my dad is in the Navy so if you were to ask whether or not navy

(The college Football team)

would beat Army he would definitely tell you Navy would win. So when asking for advice it is important that you try to get information from people with the least amount bias.

The worst kind of advice you can get and sometimes not the most obviously wrong is that from people that want to purposefully lead you down the wrong path. This kind of advice is the worst due to the fact that a lot of the time it can get you in the worst trouble. It is most commonly seen online in the form of tabloids or fake news articles. It's also one of the most easily taken care of by simply not looking online for advice or making sure you know who exactly your seeking advice from.

In conclusion seeking advice is a great way to widen your point of view but it's important to be knowledgeable of who your asking so you don't end up making a costly mistake.