My opinion on driverless cars is negative. They could cause many safety hazards and people could end up getting injured. With humans driving it is much more simple, because they are able to correct their mistakes and are able to drive through most areas of the road, while the driverless cars need a human to drive through heavy traffic and construction zones.

The idea of driverless cars is neat but it doesn't sound as safe as having a human behind the wheel. I mean being able to drive is a big deal. So why would we take that away by putting computers behind the wheel? The whole idea with the computers behind the wheel and driving everyone around like they are all a taxi is a nice idea as well but would it not be easier to just drive yourself around? Computers can also have malfunctions so what would happen if this were to happen while they were driving down the highway with a family in the vehicle? I would much rather have an actual human being behind the wheel of the family car than a computer that could malfunction and cause the vehicle to crash at any time.

The whole idea of the driverless car makes people sound lazy and as if they don't want to do anything themselves. People just don't want to do anything at all anymore and driving is another thing to add to that list of many things. Humans can adjust to driving and can safely travel through construction sights and heavy traffic as if it is nothing. As of today driverless cars don't sound very safe, but in the future they could possibly be a thing. If they are able to make changes to the cars and the computers are able to successfully travel through any type of traffic, construction zone, etc... then they might work. But until that happens I believe that humans should continue driving themselves places or taking public transportation because anything could happen with no driver behind the wheel.

The sensors in cars are more advanced today than they have ever been but nothing is created without flaws. What would happen if the sensor stops working and the car isn't able to tell what is around it and rear ends somebody? Who would take the blame for the accident and who would pay for the damages?

I believe that as of today the idea of driverless cars would work to a point. But they could have an accident at any moment and that isn't very good. Possibly in the future when we have more advanced computers and more advanced roads or sensors the driverless cars could possibly work, but until the driverless car is completely invented we won't really know about how well they work or how well they don't work.