Phones & Driving

Almost every single person that dives a vehicle probably owns a cellphone. I feel like cellphones do cause problems with some people but not all. Cellphones should be able to be used but to a certain extent. But cellphones should not be taken away because stupid people want to txt while driving. But cellphones should be allowed at red light or other as such when it is safe to do so.

Although many have wrecked maybe because of a cellphone, the bad people are still going to use their phone regardless. So we should allow the ones that drive safely and follow the law to be able to use their cell phones but only to a certain extent. There might be a time where the driver needs to reach their phone for an emergency. Cell phones also might have to be used as a GPS for some drivers. Cell phones don't have to be dangerous unless you make them dangerous as a driver.

Now cellphones are completely prohibited to drivers in Georgia. But I feel as if people are still going to get on their phones no matter the law. So I believe that we should allow the ones who follow the law to use their cellphone's to a certain extent. Anyway a worse problems then cellphones would be driving under the influence, but that's another topic. The good drivers should be rewarded for following the law and driving safely.

Anyways cellphones could be a problem just depending on when and how you use them while driving. Regardless of the law the ones who want to text and drive will do that. But the law followers will only use the phone when it is safe to do so. In long car rides people might need to contact someone. So cellphones don't always have to be a problem unless you are taking advantage and not being safe with it.

To all the ones who still text and drive and constantly use their cellphone while driving are wrong. But the people who follow the law should get the privilege of using it at certain times while driving. For example, maybe at a red light or maybe to make a phone call when not many cars are around the road. But the ones who don't follow the law are making cell phone use while driving a terrible thing because of them abusing the use of their phone while driving. But there is safe ways to use your phone while driving, as I just stated the good should be privileged because they will follow the law of driving regardless and the bad ones will keep doing wrong.

Last Name 2            