Every person has a different way of thinking, If people listened to one person's opinion or advice, they would all have limited ways of thinking about the problem. Seeking more than one opinion can help someone make better choice because they could choose the best opinion, not have a limited way of thinking, and help make progress.

Seeking multiple opinion can help someone make a better choice because they could choose the best opinion. When people do a group project, they get everyone's opinion. This helps to choose the best opinion that fits in the topic. When I had to make a small car for a school project, I asked my parents and friends to get multiple opinions. It helped me find the best material to make the car out of and designs of the car. Multiple opinions could help people to find the best opinion that fits in the topic.

Getting multiple opinions can help not having a limited way of thinking. If every people got advice from one person, they would all have same aspects. Even if the person was wrong, they would all think they got the right opinion because they only listened to one person and never had a chance to get a opinion from people who has other aspects on the problem. When I ask people for opinion about a certain problem, it helps me have thoughts on every aspect. I could know people's reason why they agree to the solution about the problem and people's reason why they disagree the solution. Then it helps me choose the more reasonable side of the solution.

Getting multiple opinion also helps make progress. For example, if a company is making a new phone for the elders, they could ask the elders to use their new product and hear what is a good option or a good option to add and what is a option that they don't need. When I made a small car, I asked my parents to see it and tell me things that I have to fix or add more. After hearing all the opinions I made changes to make the car look better.

Seeking more than one opinion can help someone make better choice because they could choose the best opinion, not have a limited way of thinking, and help make progress. They could choose the best opinion by listening to every options. They would not have a limited way of thinking because they can listen to every aspects. They could make progress by getting multiple advises. Hearing multiple opinions could help people in these ways. 