Online Class Are Highly Beneficial to Our Society's Students

Just imagine if you could take a class that would support you greatly in your future pursuits. Truthfully, we already have them; they are online classes. For example, my school district, Generic_School, has Virtual Generic_School. In these classes, students are able to fulfill credits or take classes that help students gain knowledge on a certain topic. Unfortunately, there is a debate about students having the option of attending class online, but based on my experience, online classes are highly beneficial towards the students because they aid the personal pursuits of the student and teach students a higher level of independence.

Firstly, attending classes online from home aids in the personal pursuits of the student. For example, some of my classmates that are Seniors will take the Physics Honors class on Virtual Generic_School, so they are able to take a job during their Early Release block(students are able to leave early to pursue other interests.) When Seniors are able to take a job, they are able to gain funds to attend the college of their choice. This is greatly helpful because in college tuition is rising, and many former college students say, "they lack the funds to pay for college tuition." Due to this, an online class provides time for the student to pay for their college tuition in a proper manner. Additionally, I took a Virtual Generic_School Course on Personal Finance and Economics, so I could get an Early Release for my Senior Year. Thankfully, I was successful in this class; this provided my a free extra period in which I will use to volunteer at the Generic_City Hospice, so I can gain medical experience and aid the community in a positive manner. As you can see, attending online classes from home greatly enhance the possibility that a student can pursue their personal pursuits aiding them in a great positive manner.

Furthermore, online classes are supporting a student to learn a higher aspect of independence. For example, the student is not being forced towards waking up and coming to class. In this case, the student must have the desire to continue the class. This demonstrates the ideal of drive, and employers want to see that you have the initiative to complete tasks because this proves that the employee truly cares about the success of the company and has a great sense of drive. Also, my online class on Personal Finance and Economic taught me a great level of time management. During this time, I had a family trip and many guitar events coinciding with my online class. Due to this, I had to manage my time at an extremely high level which supported me to finish the class before the due date. As a matter of fact, this learning of time management made me understand the value of time and how to use it in a more efficient manner. This aided me greatly in sophomore year because the classes that I took were of higher rigor, but I was still able to increase my GPA and pursue my personal interests because of the level of time management that I had learned. Time management is greatly needed in independent life because without time management, there would be chaos in life, we would never be able to manage work and personal life causing a great deal of stress within us. In conclusion, these examples show that online classes provide the student with a learned sense of independence.

Many supporters of not implementing an online class, say, "online classes are going to cause students to forget about the old, classic way of teaching." While this may be true, we are in a society that is changing rapidly, and we need to benefit ourselves in the greatest possibility. Even if that means that we must switch our teaching styles. In the technology era, we are required to use the computer and understand its functions at a great level; the online classes are some of the best providers of understanding technology at a higher level. This could provide our students to be more capable in the workforce, so they can gain more opportunities and a higher level of success among their peers.

In conclusion, online classes are highly beneficial towards students because they aid students to strive for their personal pursuits, garner a higher level of independence, and keep us on track in a very rapid changing society. These classes are highly beneficial, and the success created by online classes highly outweigh any negatives that may be caused by online classes. Now, we should stop imagining us having online class and begin to implement these classes because without our implementation, this could cause a great deal of failure within our society.