Texting and driving has been the cause of so many deadly accidents, looking down at your phone for what you think is just a second could change your life forever. So many die every day from a car crashed caused by texting and driving. Whether it's you doing it or someone else on the road it could still change your life forever. Its so sad to think that you could lose your life at any moment while being in a car just riding down the road and get hit by someone that is on their phone while they are driving. If you are in the car with someone and they are on their phone, ask them to put it down... save a life or even your own life.

It's so sad to know that there are people out there that are that selfish to be on their phone while they are driving and not fully understand the consequences of it. The law enforcement here these last couple of years have really buckled down on the no phone while operating a vehicle law. They have just recently passed a law that you cant even have your phone on person while driving. If you get pulled over and you have it anywhere around you, you can get a big ticket. It's not even worth it in my opinion, the text or call can wait.

The newer vehicles are making them now where you can connect them through Bluetooth on your phone and send messages and calls through just saying it over the speaker. I have an older model Malibu, and it doesn't have all of the fantsy stuff but it does have Bluetooth and "ONstar" which is where you can call and talk over the phone instead of being on your phone. So many people I know have been in wrecks and the cause of it are phones. Phones are addicting and I want to be on mine all the time, but I know when I'm driving I don't need to be on mine because I can barely focus on the road much less my phone and the road.

My down the line cousin got in a wreck and killed someone for a couple of reasons, one being the cause of having the phone up to his hear. This young girl was coming back from college in Cartersville, and my cousin was driving coming back from his friends house and he wasn't paying attention to see the girl coming and pulled out right in front of her, and killed her. They saw that one of the causes was because of cell phone use and other things that were in his system... and he got charged with vehicular homicide. Which is killing someone while driving. My cousin is not a killer at all but he was on the phone while he was driving and killed someone from not having his full attention on the road.

Cars are really dangerous anyway, and hard to control sometimes, and adding a phone in that equation doesn't make sense. Some people do drugs they are illegal, but it's a matter of not caring, and being addicted. That's kind of the same thing about the texting and driving. Some people just don't care, and some just are too addicted to get off of it while they are driving. I'm not saying I am a perfect angel myself because I have been on my phone while I've been driving before but I don't do it often, because I know what it can do and cause, and that's not what I want at all.    