Since the creation of public education, there have not been many dramatic changes to how students learn in a classroom. Students arrive at school, attend classes, eat lunch, take tests, and get graded in essentially the exact same way as was done hundreds of years ago. Today, with the rapid innovation of computers, there is a chance that schools will begin to more widely offer the option of distance learning to students. Distance learning, where students are allowed to attend classes from home or by way of online or video conferencing, would be revolutionarily beneficial. Distance learning should be offered as a option because it benefits students by allowing education to continue outside of class, giving those that have difficulties learning inside school another option, and preventing education inequality.

The option of distance learning would benefit students by allowing them to continue learning when they aren't in class. Distance learning would make it possible for students of schools hit by natural distasters to continue recieving an education. It would also allow students who are sick to continue with their schooling, instead of falling behind and having to make up schoolwork. One might say, "School systems have built in days to prevent students from losing days to poor weather, so there is no need for the option of distance learning." The problem with this is that even though some schools do have built in days, a majority of schools do not. This means that distance learning would still benefit thousands of students and should be given as an alternative option to traditional schooling.

Distance learning would also be beneficial in giving students who have learning difficulties another option. Traditional schooling comes with not only teacher to student interaction, but also student to student interaction. This can lead to bullying and social anxiety that is harmful to a students learning process. The option of distance learning can allow students with difficulties to learn at home or by way of online or video conferencing. Having this option would be greatly beneficial to the multitude of students who learn best outside of school.

Lastly, distance learning would prevent education inequality and in turn benefit all students. Everyone should have equal access to education. By giving the option of distance learning to students, students who have no mode of transportation to school, or don't even have a school near them, can still get an education. Distance learning would solve the problems some countries face like finding teachers and funding the construction of schools. One might say, "Not everyone has access to a computer so not everyone can use distance learning." While this is true, buying a computer is significantly cheaper than building a school or buying buses. Being cheaper, people will still benefit from distance learning.

Distance learning benefits students by allowing students to continue learning when schoool is closed, giving another option to those to find the school enviornment stressful, and creating equal opportunities for education. Even though distance learning won't give every single person access to education, it will definitely benefit hundreds of thousands of people, which is a step in the right direction. If you agree that distance learning is beneficial, email your local government representitive with reasons why it should be offered as a option.