Distance learning gives children the opportunity to learn from home through online work and video conferencing to learn about the things their peers will be learning at school, from home. Distance learning can be good for children with medical issues or if sudents just have hard time leasrning with a group of people and need things to be done at a pace good for them. Benefits of home schooling can vary due to distractions we may face.

Students tend to give up on school and class work after getting frustrated and being behind. Most causes of being behind in classes are the lack of sleep students get throughout the night, before entering school the next day. Having lots of chores and responsibilities one has to tend to once they're home, leaves one little to no time to sleep. Lack of sleep causes you to choose between sleep and school work laving majority of students to pick their sleep over work giving them the option of being behind, whereas others would choose to do work leaving little time to sleep which will then transfer to school. Because one has lack of sleep they're probably dosing off in class or is working on the old assignments while new ones are in use which then causes them to remain behind. Doing work from home can allow students to get the extra amount of sleep they need before tackling the work at hand. Ones amount of sleep can have a positive domino affect on children, teens, and young adults and can determine the energy put into their work; the more sleep, the more energy, the more work done, the better the comprehension, the better the grades.

When a teacher has 20 other kids to teach, it is hard for them to accommodate to one particular student's needs. At home, you can work alone and at the pace that is best for you. You are able to choose whether you want to work fast or slow. Attending a class through online videos can benefit students by allowing them the option to pause and replay if needed. The lessons that are assigned, come in video form, giving students the option to--unlike in school--pause and replay things that they didn't hear, understand, or see.

Overall, working at home allows students to be able to control what type of learning environment they'd like to be around and when they'd like to be around it. But less consequences/ limitations can be a negative thing.

Students are held making responsible for the actions they choose and how much you work they get done based off those actions. Being held accountable and having to keep onesself motivated and on top can be very difficult. Students won't have a teacher yelling down their backs to study and prepare for the test they may or may not have next class, instead they have to do it on they're own. Most teenagers don't gain enough will power and motivation to do school work outside of school. The traditional education system allows to have an automatic support system. Your teachers, admin, and peers are there to help motivate and guide you through the ends and outs of school. In school, rules are set in place to minimize the distractions around children such as: cell phones and other children. Schooling from home allows you to have access to anything you may want which may affect students in a negative way. Not only does sleeping give you the energy to learn, not applying yourself and laying around around all day can cause one to over sleep. Over sleeping can cause you to miss assignments due at set times or drain you leaving you with no energy to do anything at all because you can get away with it due to the facts that you may not have the one buddy to support you and tell you to wake up and keep d[going and doing that alone can be very difficult for upcoming young adults.

In conclusion, based of the benefits and non benefits of being able to attend school classes from home, it is in ones interest to attend school. The lack of motivation and resources at home can cause students to do the wrong things at home. Students at home arent given the opportunity to have someone remind them of the things they need to keep succeeding at home. They are held accountable for all actions and are offered little to no help. That much responsibility could cause students to spiral down a negative hole causing them, to fall behind in school.