Think about how many times a week we get in a car to drive somewhere. I know I drive to school, to lacrosse practice, and to spend time with friends on a weekly basis. Some people may claim that driving is a possitve aspect of our culture because it allows us to get from one place to another and accomplish tasks in a timley fasion, but driving in excess has some serious consequences. Although some may argue that it is impossible to completely cut out an action that is essential to our daily lives, and that cutting down on driving would not be adventageous, limiting the amount of time we spend driving has many advantages. Cutting down on automobile use will decrease pollution in our air, and make us healthier and happier, which is why many legeslators and cities are reducing automobile use.

Beijing, China, is the most polluted city in the world according to Robert Duffer of the Chicago Tribune in 2014. (source 2 paragraph 14) This is due to the fact that Bejing's automobile use is extremly high. When the city of Paris was faced with a similar crisis, it issued a partial driving ban that allowed people to only drive on days that the government said they could in accordance to their lisence plate number, or they would face a fine. (source 2 paragraph 10-19). This revolutionary ban caused the air pollution in Paris to drop so much that the ban was lifted after only one day. The drop in air pollution clearly refutes the claim that cutting down on driving is not adventageous. Cutting down on automobile use is beneficial to the environment because, according to Elizabeth Rosenthal of the New York Times in 2009 (source 1 paragraph 5), "Passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50% in some car-intensive areas in the United States." Limiting automobile use is crucial to cleaning our air and stopping the burning of fossil fuels, thus explains why is beneficial to limit our car use.

Although some might argue that driving a car to work is easier, evidence shows that people who limit their car use are happier and healthier. Rosenthal writes about the city of Vauban, Germany, where "70% of Vauban's families do not own a car." (source 1 paragraph 3) Heidrum Walter, a carless citizen from Vauban, states that, "When I had a car, I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." (source 1 paragraph 3) The concept of people being happier and healthier without cars is further proved in Bogota, Columbia, where, according to Andrew Selsky of the Seattle Times in 2002, "For the third straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the Day Without Cars in the capital city of 7 million." (source 3 paragraph 21) Carlos Arturo Plaza stated, "It's a good opprotunity to take away stress and lower air pollution,"as he rode his bike with his wife. The statements from Walter of Vauban and Plaza of Bogota show how limiting automobile use is advantageous to the overall well-being and happiness of people, thus we should limit our automotive use.

Limiting automobile use is so beneficial, that many groups and legeslators are supporting a society with less cars. The EPA in the United States is promoting "car reduced" communities, and legislators are starting to act. (source 1 paragraph 9) David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America, states that, "All of our development since World War II has been centered on the car, and that will have to change." Sociology proffesor at Drecel University, Mimi Sheller, further elaborates, stating, "Different things are converging which suggest that we are witnessing a long-term cultural shift." (source 4 paragraph 35) The support for a "car reduced" society by the US government and the EPA is the cherry on top to all of the benefits associated with driving less, thus we should limit our automobile use.

Society is changing. A study last year found that driving by young people decreased by 23% between 2001 and 2009. (source 4 paragraph 41) Now is the time to turn off the engine, get out of the car, and take a bus, bike, or train to work. By limiting our automobile use, we keep our air clean by burning less fossil fuels, and we are happier and healthier, which is why organizations like the EPA support the reduction of car use. We need to act today to save the next generation of citizens from ecological destruction. The benefits of reducing car use are countless, which explains why we should limit our automobile use.                                                    