The prompt says "When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Explain why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices." I think the prompt is asking to explain how seeing others point of view can help you in a tough situation or just seeing others opinions can help you make better choices. The three reasons I think someone would ask for advice are if they didn't know what to do in a tough situation,seeing if someone is right on something,and helping someone make good decisions.

First, if someone doesnt know what to do in a tough situation. Sometimes we get ourselves in really bad situations. We don't always know what to do to get ourselves out of it, so we ask someone else. We ask them for help and they try to help us, so we can get out of the situation. Some people are afraid of coming out of their shell, by that I mean they are afraid to tell someone what is going on in life or theyre afraid to tell someone something bad that happened, but someone cant help you if you dont tell them whats going on.

Second, Seeing if someone is right on something. When your in a rough situation ,you talk to people about it. You may not always agree with them. They may take the wrong thing and tell you something different. Asking for more than one person's opinion can be a good thing and a bad thing. The good thing is if you ask more people youll eventually figure out what to do. The bad thing is you cant trust everyone, the more people you tell about a bad situation the more its gonna go around, so stick to people you can trust.

Last but not least, helping someone make good decisions. You know how parents are very controlling and bossy, and how they get on kids nerves when they tell them what to do. Kids don't realize that parents are just trying to lead you down the right path. Its the same thing with friends when your in a rough situation, they want to pull you out of it because they just want the best for you. Sometimes its not always what you want or what you agree with, but your friends and parents are the people who know you the best and they're just trying to help you. In life your going to go through one friendship after the other. You're not always going to have great friends, but theres always going to be one great friend that will help you through everything. Listen to that one friend because its going to be worth it.

In conclusion these are all reasons I would do if I was in a tough situation i didnt know how to get out of or if someone was helping me make good decisions. Remember to never be afraid to open up to someone, in the end it'll be worth it.     