There are many advantages to limiting car usage. The majority of people that own a car have a lot of stress due to gas money and paying for the car. Owning a car is a serious expence. There are other types of transportation that can be useful for the people.

According to Source 1, in Vauban, Germany 70 percent of the people that live there do not own a car, and 57 percent sold a car in order to move there. People were starting to realize that when they owned a car they would always be tense. After getting rid of the car, they have been much happier and less stressed.

Since there are less cars in the streets of Germany, people have stopped and realized how beautiful everything was. Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, is now reilved as she walks the verdant streets where she can hear the swish of bicycles and the chatter of wandering children.

In Paris, France due to the cold nights and warm days, the car emissions have been trapped by the warmer layer of air. Sometimes, weather can be the effect of something bad happening to your car. In the everyday world, people have been killed and have been in serious accedents. Not only because of the weather but also because of the lack of resposibility and concentration it takes to drive a vehicle.

As said in Source 3, in Bogota, Colombia many people do not drive cars. The majority of Colombians hike, bike, skate, or take buses to work or wherever they need to go. The goal of this is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. Carlos Arturo Plaza, a buisnessman, said "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," while he was riding his bicycle along with his wife next to him.

As people ride bike or hike or even just walk around their city, they can see and learn many new things just by being more aware of their surroundings. Cars have been in this world for a long period of time already. It's time to take a break from the madness and start realizing how beautiful life is and how beautiful it can be by not destroying it with such a machine. Not only will there be less stress, but the world will be a lot more safer than it was.    