Have you ever heard of the Face on Mars? Do you believe in life on Mars? The Face on Mars was first discovered in 1976, but gained a gargantuan amount of attention in 2001 (paragraph 1). Conspiracy theorists belive that the Face on Mars is bona fide evidence of life on Mars, however this theory is false (paragraph 5). The Face on Mars is a Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa (paragraph 12). This can be proven by understanding that Martian mesas are common (paragraph 2); realizing that in the 2001 photo if something was near the Face, NASA would have been able to see it

(paragraph 11); and acknowledging the fact that the Face on Mars resembles natural structures on Earth (paragraph 12).

First, the Face on Mars is a natural landform because Martian mesas are common. "Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh," (paragraph 2). The fact that Martian mesas are common makes the idea of the face on Mars being a natural martian Mesa more logical. This is because there are more natural landforms called Martian Mesas on Mars than just the Face.

In addition, the Face on Mars in a natural landform because in the 2001 NASA photo, if there was Martian life people would have been able to see it (paragraph 11). "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in digital image 3 times bigger than the pixel size," (paragraph 11). "So, if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" (paragraph 11). This means that no matter what was near the Face on Mars during the photo, people would have been able to see what it was.

Finally, the Face on Mars is a natural landform because it resembles natural landforms here on Earth. "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa--landforms common around the American West," (paragraph 12). The Face on Mars is quite similar to the Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho (paragraph 12). The fact the Face on Mars is resemblant to natural landforms on Earth makes it more understandable that the Face on Mars is a natural landform. This is because this lets people know that these types of natural landforms are possible, and that they are even common.

Conspiracy theorists may say that the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars , and that NASA would rather hide this evidence (paragraph 5). However, in the 2001 photo of the Face there was no other evidence of life on Mars (paragraph 11). Also, the Face is considered a mesa which are very common on Mars (paragraph 3).Therefore these peoples' theories are not true.

In conclusion, the Face on Mars is definitely a natural landform. This is because it is considered a Martian mesa which are common around Cydonia (2). Also, the Face on Mars can be justified as a natural landform because if their was any Martian life located near the Face on Mars during the 2001 NASA photo, people would have been able to see it and tell what it was. Finally, the Face on Mars is a natural landform because it resembles natural landforms here on Earth.  