PHONES & DRIVING

Texting while driving is one of the worrying trends in the society, both teenagers and adults have developed a habit of using cell phones while driving. Texting while driving causes distraction and increases their chance of getting involved in car accidents. Such concerns have been raised by various government authorities, in trying to prevent such occurrence new laws have been enacted making cell phones use in cars illegal. However, not many people follow these laws, most people text and drive, assuming they can pay attention to other cars. Texting while driving is dangerous for many reasons.

Cell phone use while driving is the major cause of fatal accident, leaving to deaths. Despite these consequences, people are still fixated on their phones that are dangerous to not only the driver but also to other road users. According to the recent road statistics, more than 22 percent of fatal road accidents are caused by teenagers using their cellphones while driving. Also the distraction of the roads is cause by teenagers who have confidence that they can text or be on the phone while driving. Over more than 5,000 people have died last year due to texting; these accidents are mostly caused by young adults of the age 21 and under.

Furthermore, currently there are only 35 states the US have completely banned texting for all its road users, but this isn't enough to stop the problem. Laws that were banning texting while driving will save many peoples' lives. With it being that more than 5,000 people died in the last year caused by distracted drivers. It's very important that the government should take stricter action to try to decrease the deaths caused by theses distracted drivers. It is necessary for the government to enact unifying laws and stricter punishments for those who text while driving.

On the other hand, these news laws need to ban texting while driving for everyone not just for young adults, because it has similar effects on everyone who does it. There should be objection to laws for texting while driving. I feel as if each states needs to have similar laws against texting while driving. For example. Massachusetts laws on texting should be a role model for all of the other states. Massachusetts has the strictest laws on road safety. Punishment for those found texting while driving should be so stiffened to push people to dig deeper into their pockets to pay more. The fine alone is enough; stricter regulations should include license suspension to make people keep off their phones while driving.

In a nutshell, despite the laws forbidding texting while driving, many people still feel as if they have the right to text & drive. However, I feel everyone has the responsibility to put the phone down and keep your eyes on the road and drive safely. I strongly agree that texting and driving is the most dangerous thing drivers can do on the road and people are injuring innocent people that could have been a very per cautious and they lose lives every day because of careless drivers. Texting and driving is one of the most dangerous things on the road today due to all of this technology, and they will not stop making this technology just because people are getting in accidents stop the text stop the wrecks. Take the pledge to stop texting and driving.                                        