To whom it may concern:

As you are well aware there has been a fierce debate over the usage of cell phones in our school.

The student body strongly supports the use of cell phones in school during free times and lunch breaks because it allows a small amount of time during the day when they can talk to people outside of school.

Teachers would support this policy because it requires that students turn off their phones during class so they can teach.

In reality this is actually a very good compromise between students and faculty.

Students get there much needed break from long classes and teachers get the respect they deserve.

This policy would help students considerably with communication between school and the household.

If students are allowed to use cell phones during breaks and lunch then they can call home if they forgot something say their homework for a class that is coming up or their gym clothes.

This would also help the faculty because instead of having to give students a note, then call the student down to sign out their parents could call their child before it's time for the student to leave so they would be ready and the faculty wouldn't have to waste their time calling the students down.

In addition, the teachers would benefit from this with classroom control.

If the students just spent their whole lunch period texting or calling someone a lot of their energy will have been spent on that instead of talking right after they get back from lunch.

Also teacher love using their cell phones as much as students do.

The question is: Why do teachers get to use their phones while students have to keep them in their lockers despite the fact that students use their phones much more frequently?

It doesn't make much sense when you really think about it.

To conclude, Policy one which allows students to have their cell phones during free periods and off during class periods should be passed and enforced because it is not only beneficial to the students and faculty but, it really is a matter of equal rights between students and staff.

Respectfully,

The Student Body