There have been many question going around about a face shaped rock that was recently found on Mars. Many think that it was aliens, but I mean those are just conspiracy theories. There's no real evidence but either way I'm here to clarify what the face is. I have gotten information form the article "Unmasking the Face on Mars".

First of all, the Face is being used for people to believe it's a misterious object. Ever since the Face was discovered it has become a pop icon. The article I found said "The "Face on Mars" has since become a pop icon. It starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, and has even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years." The article also said "Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars, evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." The only people that are saying anything about the Face and if it's made by aliens are conspiracy theorists.

Also, NASA has captured better pictures but people still believe it was aliens. An article said "And so on April 5, 1998, when Mars Global Surveyor flew over Cydonia for the first time, Michael Malin and Mars Orbiter Camera team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousand of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on JPL web site, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." The article also said "What the picture actually shows in the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, landforms commom around the American West." NASA took clear picture of the landform and found out that it's just a landform.

Although, the second time NASA took the pictures it was cloudy, so they could be trying to hide something. The text said "But not everyone was satisfied. The Face on Mars is located at 41 degrees north martian latitude where it was winter in April '98, a cloudy time of year on the Red Planet." So NASA could be trying to hide something by taking the pictures during the time when there's that type of weather.

However, NASA wouldn't lie about this kind of discovery because it would also be very helpful for them. The text said "We felt this was important ot taxpayers," explained Jim Garvin, chief scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program. "We photographed the Face as soon as we could get a good shot at it." The article also said "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa, landforms common around the American West. "It reminds me most of Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho" says Garvin. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height and the Face on Mars." The Face isn't made by aliens or anything of that sort. Even if people wanted to it to be something the Face is just a landform.

In conclusion, the Face is just a landform it's not an alien artifact or anything else. The only people saying it was made by aliens are conspiracy theorists. The Face is just a landform that had the perfect lighting to make it look like a face. I know conspiracy theorists think it's something else but the information and facts are clearly stated.