Operation of Cell-Phones While Driving and Why it's Useful

Imagine a scenario in which we lived in a society of the past; where we never developed cell-phones or gps technology. We would still require maps of areas we travel, and areas we would require directions for would be marginally more difficult to traverse. People would be unaware of the most efficient way to get from place to place by being incapable of receiving updates on the state of traffic in progress. In our current society and with our current regulation around cell phones have resulted in a best-case-scenario that balances the reward from using such technology and the reducing the dangers that they present.

One of the best things about modern travel is the gps technology that all people have access to. In all of our phones, people have a location option they can turn on. Using this, the phone can communicate with GPS satellites and give people directions to any location that people desire to travel to with things like Google Maps. This makes perfect sense to use in conjunction with operating a motor vehicle, and since it makes the roads easier to travel it should not be punished.

Not only do phones reduce traffic by providing people with the most effective way of reaching their location, but they also give updates that wouldn't necessarily be given otherwise. GPS does this by providing people with traffic options and traffic updates, which works by calculating how many users are on each road. This information is useful because the wider-spread the technology is, the more information can be collected to provide more accurate data to represent traffic effectively. This indirectly reduces traffic by providing alternative routes of travel.

One argument against the use of phones in vehicles is that they encourage distracted and dangerous driving. While this risk is undeniably present, restrictions on the use of phones is an action most states are implementing currently. The exact implementation differs from state to state, but most laws are "Hands off" laws, meaning that drivers can be pulled over and fined for driving for having one hand holding a phone. This reduces risk by discouraging distracted driving, but not punishing those who use phones in vehicles responsibly. Hopefully in the next few years, studies will show these laws to be effective.

In conclusion, using phones provide many beneficial effects to our society in regards to driving. The objective of any regulation should be to reduce the risks of distracted driving by discouraging the act. To completely restrict the usage of phones in cars would be detrimental to how we operate as a society. Effective implementation of Hands-Off laws will hopefully show results that reduce the risks surrounding phones in vehicles. A balance between regulation and effective and responsible use is what we should strive to achieve.

Sources:

https://www. usatoday. com/story/money/cars/2014/03/28/cellphone-use-1-in-4-car-crashe s/7018505/

https://www. insurancejournal. com/news/national/2019/01/28/515852. htm https://www. insurancejournal. com/news/national/2019/01/28/515852. htm   