"Abolish the elcetoral college!" said Bob Dole. Not only I, but 60% of the United States eligible voters agree wtih him. There are manny reason why the voter population doesn't want the elctoral college. The bigger the state's population the more votes they receive, the voter's votes really do not count so the feel as they are not thought about, even when they vote for the college their vote may be betrayed becuase they cant control who the college elects.

The person running for president do not want to waste time. They want to secure as many votes as possible. That even means skipping useless stops. For instance if the candidate is from a southern region they mostly have all the votes they need from their region. THey soon move onto the next important area of voters. Places like Florida, texas, and Los Angeles. States that have a huge population. The candidates think smart but irrational at the same time. They know if the have the majortiy of voters in a state with a large population they most likely will win the vote from the elctoral college. The candidate will not even think about small states like South Carolina and Rhode island. During the 2000 campaign there were seventeen states that didnt get to see the candidates beucase they are smaller in population. Even some of the largest media markets didnt see any campaign ads. It is unfair and unjust to do that to people who are willing to vote. Then the small state voters wont know much about the candidates which most likely will lead to irrational votes taken over by the elctoral college.

Voters in certain areas will not even attempt to make a vote because in their state they are overwhelmeed by the people who vote for other parties. Since the electoral college has a majority rule in effect in every state but Nebraska and Maine, in the other states sometimes its not even worth a try to vote. The citizens may think that their vote doenst matter compared to the other numbers of voters which basically its true. Thanks to the electoral college.    