This day more and more people are trying to limet car usage. Some people are use to not using cars, is a way of living. Other's are trying to stop car pollution and limet the usage of them. Cars cause alot of smog wich then goes into the air and pollutes it. This is very bad, especially for our health. Were the one that breathe this air in and if its polluted we may become sick. It is also a good stress releiver since you dont have to be stuck in trafic or having to hear the car honk all day.

In source 1 "German Suburb, Life goes on Without Cars" it talk abou how the people in Vauban, Germany do not use cars. Cars are allowed but people chose too not use them. 70 percent of Vauban's families to not own a car and some have even sold there to move there. Heidrum Walter said that when she had a car she was always tense and is more happier know that she dosen't own one. Vauban may be the most city in low-car suburban other part of the world are taking this as an example and trying it out to. More and more places around the world are making stores more near by or on a main street, rather than having them in a shopping center with a highway distant.

Parin,France is the city that has the most smog out of all cities in Europe. This means that the pollution rate is higher. Thats why acording to source 2 ,Paris enforeced a partial driving ban to help clear the air in the city. Citizens were ordered to leave there vehicles at home or pay a fine of $31. But this did not stop people from using cars almost 4,000 drivers were fined after this ban was enforced. The reason Paris had for doing this is because after five days of intensive smog the congestion was down by 60 percent. By enforcing this ban Paris was able to clear out the smog in 3 days and be back to normal on Tuesday.

I know that people may not want to give up using there cars, yes is an easier way to travel and get places faster. There right, but it would be better for the world and ourself if we could reduce the usage of cars not just in our cities but all over the world. Just how in Bogoa, Columbia they have car free days. People who live there have a car free day wich mean they biked, walked or took buses to all of the destenations they had that day. Bogota had been doing this for three consecutive years and the goal is to promote alternativ etransportation and reduce smog. Some people who live there say that by doing these they relieved stress. By Bogota doing this they have parks and sports centers, uneven sidewalks have been taking away and replaced with smooth sidewalks.

In the United States more and more people are buying less cars and fewer people get there licens as the years go by. Even though americans are know for ther big love on carr ,that seems to be reducing. This is very beneficial for carbon emmissions and the environment. People like Mimi Sheller a sociology professor at Drexel University researched different resources and said that the Internet makes telecommuting possible and we don't have to drive to a friend house to see them or talk to themm we can just use technology to do that. Also the percentage of people getting there license has chaged. People are finding ways to either walk, take public transportatio, or have somone cal-pool them ,rather than diving a car themselfs.

In conclusion limiting car usage is getting bigger and bigger as the years go by. We should all be helping this to make it happen all over the world. It helps with pollution problems, its great for your health and it helps relevied stress.    