Dear Mr. State Senator,

I have been a citizen of the United States for my entire life, and through my studies, research, and personal experiences with the Electoral College system, I have come to the conclusion that the Electoral college system is not only an out of date way of casting a vote, but also an ineffective way of electing a president. I believe that the popular vote both directly reflects and accuretly shows which politician citizens have chosen will best lead our country. The Electoral College is merely a way for politicians to attempt to swing the vote in their favor by paying more attention to states that contain more electors. Politicians should be concerned about gaining the votes of individuals, regardless of how many Electoral College members their states contain.

There is very little need for the electoral college even to exist at all. There is absolutely no point in having two ways for collecting the votes of citizens when all that the system requires is for one of the candidates to gather more votes than the other. Having the Electoral College does not help the voting process and therefore will only harm or make the process of electing a president ineffective. In many cases, the votes of the Electoral College go against what the popular votes want and tend to cause an unwanted politician to go into office. I am not the only citizen concerned about this system, there are people all across the United States who dislike the Electoral College and who see that it constantly gets in the way of electing a decent president into office.

There have been politicians, Chamber of Commerce members, and everyday citizens who have stood up aginst this awefull Electoral College and who have realized just how terrible and ineffective it is. Putting this system out of commission will be no easy task, but if enough citizens like myself write to their local, state, and federal congress members, change just might be possible. Though a group effort would be required to destroy this system, it would be extremely difficult to convince politicians and presidents that have been in office for years to destroy this College that allowed for them to go into office. It would also be exceptionally difficult to get all three branches of the United States government to destroy the Electoral College, afterall.. it would only take the president's veto to stop it from being removed.

There are counter claims to mine that I'm sure you will recieve within your time in office, counter claims that you should'nt ignore. I think that you should look over all of the evidence, all of the facts, and all of the sources that you can inorder to form your opinion as to whether or not the Electoral College should stay, or it should be terminated. Some of the claims that you will recieve will not have much basis and will most likely state that the system has been in existence ever since the founding of the United States. These claims are not based on evidence of the system being correct or being fair, these calims are based on a fear of change. Change tends to scare people, especially when their power of voting may be altered due to a major change to the U.S. government. But over the past several decades alone, our country has undergone many wonderful changes and experiences that have positively affected its citizens and its laws.

Two of these changes include the desegregating of schools and the right for women to vote. These changes are extremely positive, just like the destroying of the Electoral College would be. It would have a positive impact on all of the country's citizens and would allow for the United States to show that it too can change and adapt for the better.

I am not writing this letter to you because i think that you can single handidly change the voting system of the United States, I am writing this letter to you because I have faith that you can help change the opinion of your fellow politicians and State leaders. I hope that you use the facts and research that I have presented to you today and continue to gather more evidence on the Electoral College system and why it is holding back our country from properly electing its presidents.

Thank you very much for both your time and your consideration, I wish you luck on changing the system and informing others about the problem.

Sincerely, PROPER_NAME ©                    