Have you ever thought of being part of the great union of the Seagoing Cowboys? There are many reasons to be one, like the fact that you have intereaction with livestock, get to visit unique places, sail the oceans, and much more.

Seagoing Cowboys are people who sign up to the UNRRA. The UNRRA is the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration. It is 44 nations joined together to help the countries in need from being left in the ruins after World War II. Being a Seagoing Cowboy also counts as a military service.

While being a Seagoing Cowboy you get to take care of all of the livestock that is getting shipped across the ocean from one country to another. The animals have to be fed and watered two or three times a day. The animals need to be fed either hay or bags of oats, and every once in a while their stalls need to be cleaned.

One of the best things you get to do is sightseeing. You could get to have many trips and see many cool things. We do a lot of sailing on the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean. In total I've been on the Atlantic 16 times and the Pacific twice. Don't even get me started on the unbelievable cattle-boat trips. For a small-town bot like i was it was incredible. I got to visit the Acropolis in Greece, sightsee in Europe, touran excavated castle in Crete, ride a gondola in Venice, and marvel at the Panama Canal on my way to China.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy isn't just about the travel and sightseeing. We still had fun on board, especially on the return trips when the animals had been uploaded and their stalls were empty. We would enjoy playing baseball, volleyball, table-tennis games. We would also play fencing and boxing matches. Last but not least we enjoyed reading, whittling, and other small games to pass the time.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy was not only fun for me, but it also opened up the world in a whole different perspective. It also made me more aware of other countries problems and needs. With that experience my family was a host to a number of international students, and exchange visitors or many years.

I loved my experience as being a Seagoing Cowboy, and I hope you will too. Welcome aboard future Seagoing Cowboy!