Driverless cars used to be only things of imagination.

Now, as technology advances, we are getting closer and closer to a driverless car that can possibly function just as good as one with a driver.

There has been a multitude of obstacles for developers of Google and other companies to work around, but the final product may be getting nearer.

Sensors, radar, and other modern technology are being used to effectiently improve past and current models of driverless cars.

Although the technology is progressively getting more advanced, I feel that nothing will be able to replace a human driver.

Throughout histroy inventors and engineers have always worked for an easier, better way to complete a task.

Driving is no exception.

Driver assistance devices have existed since the 1950s when General Motors created a car that could run on a specialized track.

That idea was proved to be out-of-reach due to the high cost of redisigning all roadways.

In the 1980s, sensors were installed into wheels and brakes to create antilock brakes.

This is an example of driver assistance technology, and many other things like this have been created since then.

Do these driver assistance technologies help?

Yes.

They put, in the hands of the driver, a car that is smarter and able to detect certain dangers.

These cars allow for a safer driver experience.

But sensors can only do so much.

The extent of their safety can only go so far.

The driver of a driverless car and the people around it are at a much higher risk than a traditional driver-operated car.

There are an innumeral amount of driving situations that have not even occurred yet.

New accidents are happening everyday and no two are exactly the same.

How will a driverless car be able to handle every situation?

They won't.

As the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" says, when driving a so-called driverless car, the driver is constantly on call.

With that information taken into account, no car is completely driverless.

All in all, I believe that driverless cars will never be safe enough for everyday use.

The technology is simply not there to account for every possible scenario.

Anyone in a driverless car must always be alert and ready to step in a react to a situation.

If that is so, how can a driverless car be considered safe?

No technology will be able to react as fast as the human mind.

I am sure that as time passes on, more and more driver assistance devices will be invented, and there will be countless claims that driveless cars are completely safe, but the evidence I see proves otherwise.  