Dear Mr. principle

I think that we should be able to have cell phones in class as long as we don't use them when the teacher are talking maybe at the end of class when there is only a few minutes left. We should be able to use them during passing periods because it not like we are class it is not like cell phones are harmful its just teachers do not want it being a disruption in class. Really I understand that but i think that the policy is to strict when it comes to having cell phones in class or in the hallways. another place i think that we should be able to have them is in the cafeteria because we are sitting there having lunch and i think that we should be able to look at our cell phones. there are going to be times that a cell phone might brake or something you just need to simply let everyone know that they need to use there cell phones at the appropriate time and that if it broken or stolen that you or anyone else is not responsible for it. if it starts becoming a issue where students are taking it out during class when they are not suppose to you can deal with it a few ways. one way that u can deal with it is take there cell phone away and say that they can not take it to class again and if they do it again that there parents will have to pick it up. another way you could go about it is having like a bucket the teacher can hold on to it till the end of class and if it happens again it would be sent down to the principles office. all kids would have to keep there phones on silent. Teachers would be able to use there cell phones to but at the appropriate time. i think that it would be very cool if we could all use our cell phones in class. some kids have music on there cell phones and they can listen to that at the end of class. not out loud of course it would have to be with there ear buds. I fell as if schools are so against cell phones that it is almost like i bad thing i think that if we were to open up about them and start letting kids use them then it might change how students work and maybe they will pay more attention in class because they are not trying to be sneaky with there cell phone. some kids d worry that having there phones on there locker that it might get stolen if they are picked on or something. they will think if someone is going to break into there locker or something. I really do not think that it should be that one person messes with the policy then everyone has the privileged ruined for them because the one who is following the rules is going to be mad that another person ruined it for them and trust me they will not be a happy camper. those are my reasons why i think we should be able to have a cell phone in class.