Dear, TEACHER_NAME

In my opinion every student should have to perform at least one hour of community service per nine weeks. If we do more community service we will have a better safer community and if we have a better safer community we wouldn't have as many troublemakers and gangsters roaming the streets. If troublemakers are roaming the streets it will make it a harder learning environment for everybody because they rare usually a bad influence on eighth grade kids like me. They convince us to drop out of school and do even worse things like sell drugs. But that's not the issue here community service is better for everyone because it teaches had work and determination to students which usually leads to a better life or lifestyle.

these are just a few examples of why community service is better for everyone

.it teaches students hard work and determination which leads to a better life

.It would clean up the streets and keep troublemakers away from the students

.it helps the environment by getting rid of plastic bottles and six pack rings

.community service looks really good on a collage application

.community service looks good also on a high school application

These are only a few of the reasons why we should be doing community service in fact everyone is the school should have to do at lest an hour of community service even once or twice a month. The truth is community service is just plain good for the people and places of your community so please consider my idea because most of the students who say they have "better things to do" will not have such a high success rate as those who do so even if they don't want to do community service make them do it anyway. It wouldn't be fair the students who you made do it if others don't have to also do community service. Not only is it better for the community people will probably have more respect for you if you do community service. This is all i have to say on the matter of community service consider my idea because its a good one.

Sincerely STUDENT_NAME