Should schools be allowed to give students a choice on what type of summer homework they want? I think that us students should have some say in what we should get and on how we get to do it. Im a student in a small town and our summer is the time to have fun or to work your job that you have. Im going to tell you why we should be able to pick our summer projects. It depends on what type of project it is, I think the teachers should give out a rubrics and kids should get to make what ever project that they want based on the rubrics given out by the teacher.

Our summer is the time for us to go have fun and enjoy our last years of school together with our friends and not working on a project. I think that if we can choose what we want to do we want to do we can find it more enjoyable to do and not hate it as much. I have been given a huge project over the summer one time and the teacher picked what we had to do on it. It took me weeks out of my summer days I could have went to the pool or done something more fun. If I would have pick what I got to do I probably would have had more motivation to work on it longer and find something interesting to learn about during my summer.

If we get to pick the project we want to do I think that we will have more motive to learn about that topic and we can self teach ourselves. When i'm assigned a project I hate it because I know that its something the teacher has given us and the whole class does the same exact project. It gets boring in class too sitting there watching the same criteria be presented over and over again, sometimes for a couple days. If we get to pick our own projects there will be more different types of projects being presented. Also i know the teacher has to get board reading all those projects one after another being the same material over and over.

So in conclusion we should be able to have fun and do a project at the same time ad not have to worry about doing it the night before its due and losing a bunch of sleep. Where I live in a small town there isnt much to do but when we do get to do something I dont want a horrible project that I dread. I want to be able to work on a topic i love with my friends and be able to get it done and love doing it. So if we get to pick out projects we can be happier and grades might even go up. 