Although teachers do have the ability to design projects over the summer to prevent a lost of knowledge over the long break however, students should be able to make there own decision on designing there own summer projects. A student-designed summer project can be beneficial in various ways such as allowing students to express there creativity, take matters into there own hands, and to be able to gain new learning experiences. Teachers should encourage this recommendation upon students so they are able to generate there own thoughts and ideas. Therefore, students would not have the mentality of doing work the teachers way, but to acknowledge there own differences among other students. The idea of summer projects is beneficial overall, but giving students the ability to design them will open a new door for learning.

As a student are given a summer project over a long course of time they should be able to design it since it is there own project. There own designs will allow them to generate unique ideas with the spread creativity which enhances there learning abilities. Bill Gates, a famous billionaire known for his worldwide inventions, with his past of dropping out of college and doing what he loved as a full time job allowed him to express his unique ideas while also becoming successful. This may not correlate with student-designed summer projects however, when individuals let there own ideas run free it allows them to experience new thoughts that can be put into use for better accomplishments. Student-designed projects will increase knowledge of students by letting there creativity and ideas run freely.

Students taking matters into their own hand is one step closer to adulthood so why not give students the ability to design a summer project. Giving students authority may be risky, but can be beneficial, so when becoming an adult they will have experience of independence and leadership skills. Marther Luther King Jr, a civil rights activist famous for his "I have a dream" speech, took matters into his own hands by protesting for equal rights. However, it led him into trouble with the law, but this activist is well known for his speech which he expressed his own ideas with the ongoing events that made the country realize how it is effecting others. Therefore, students that have authority on certain situations will allow better communication to express there own ideas and thoughts.

It is true when teachers say that some students learn effectively when other students teach them therefore, students that are allowed to express there ideas and share them with other will gain a sense of new understanding of knowledge. Student-designed projects will give them the sense of looking into new findings and understand them. An example would be if a student is stuck during a situation but another student expresses there thoughts, the student that had trouble can learn through others and then come to there own understanding. Acknowledging that others ideas can influence everyone as a whole can provide a well understanding of situations. The benefit of individuals letting there creativity spread allows other to gain new learning experience that have never been thought of before.

In the future, teachers should let more students take an advantage on projects to express there own thoughts with other and spread creativity all around. This act will teach students new learning experiences with also taking matters into there own hands. Everyone learns better when one expresses there thoughts, so why not let student be able to incorporate that into projects.                  