To limit car usage, can bring some positive impacts to our world. Many countries such as Germany or France are adopting this act to better their community. Some benefits are the reduction of traffic, a smaller chance of car crashes and injuries, reduction of polution and appreciating whats around you already instead of being couped up in a car. People now are replacing driving with riding bikes, hiking or walking to where they want to get to or just car pooling with a friend.

In Germany, Heidrun Walter (media trainer and mother of two) says "When i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." She walks the verdant streets where you can here the passing of bicycles and chatter of the children hanging around and roaming the streets. To ensure that there is a reduction in car usage in the Vauban streets of Germany, drivways and home garages are considered forbidden. If you wish to own a car you'd need to by a large garage and the edge of the development where you buy a space for $40,000, along with a home.

In Paris, France, they enforced a partial driving ban to cleanse the air of the city. Motorist with an even numbered licenced plate were told to laeve their cars at home or they'd have to pay a $31 fine, also with even numbered plates. After this was done, the congestion went down 60 percent, after 5 days of smog in the air. The reasons why France did this was because they blamed the amount of gasoline coming from the cars. The smog got out of control so they decided to limit car usage.

In America, the reduction of car usage is also going down. People are depending more on biking, or walking to their designation or catching a ride with a friend. New york has a new bike sharing program along with bridge and tunnel tolls which refelct those new priorities. In source 4, the author and another citizen have similar traits with their children and cars. Mr. Sivak's son owns a car but prefers to take the Bay Area Rapid Transit.  The authors chidlren didnt bother getting a drivers license even though they live in places where they should have one. They dont think having a car is a necesity. They'd rather stick with their jobs, take public transportaions and just walk or car pool to where ever they please to have their social life.  Limiting car usage has many more beneficial ways to communities, and it is being adopted in numerous places.            