Advice can be something everyone needs but no wants to hear. Have you ever heard the saying about opinions being like you know what? That principal more or less applies to advice in the sense that when you say your advice you always think it's the best advice ever. But, like many things in life, you are more of the time wrong more than you are right, no offense. See, I believe advice from multiple people is more useful depending on the situation. If you are in need of advice than I suggest telling a few of your closest friends or your mother. Depending on what they say, make a decision with the best evidence and your own input. But always remember, people can and will use your own secrets against you if your too loud about it. And for giving advice, always tell them what you would do in there situation, mixed with how you think the other person would react. But never make them feel bad about themselves for going through the thing they're struggling with. Always remember that you can be in there shoes at one point and you never want to have no one to talk too just because you were too selfish to help them however long ago it was. But i'm not here to tell you how to give advice, i'm sharing my stories about advice and why it can be good and bad.

To simplify a topic about advice is much harder than one would think. Advice can vary drastically depending on the situation at hand, advice is not only a touchy and very broad topic. It's one of the only things that can either make or destroy someones day just depending on how you say it and what you say. When my parents got divorced I was just around 7 and in the third grade. Their divorce was nothing special or nothing I didn't see coming, it was always there and it just wasn't a healthy relationship. Hearing the words finally being said to me was the hard part, swallowing the fact that the people I grew up with are finally gonna be separated forever was terrible news even though i was preparing for it to happen. The first thing I did upon hearing the news was run upstairs and cry until I couldn't cry anymore. But after a really rough night the first thing I did was ask my best friend at the time for advice. We were 7 years old tho, so the "advice" I remember was something along the lines of "It will get better, but let's go play four square." but hey we were seven. Up until about 6th or 7th grade i never really had problems that were that big, I loved my life, still do. But, I am in middle school, so drama and giving advice were always there and I was always around the problems just never involved in them. Everything was going good, up until the middle of 7th grade it was all smooth sailing. Then, the end of 7th grade happened, and that was a different story, entirely.

The end of 7th grade and the 8th grade year i'm enduring now are both filled with drama. 90 percent of it being stupid, annoying, useless drama that gets nowhere and is just used for attention and shots below the belt. But there are a few times that the drama actually goes deeper than that. Recently, one of my best friends whose name I won't say, got cheated on by her boyfriend. Yea I know I know, it's 8th grade big whoop, but to us it's the only thing that is prevalent in our life right now so it is a big deal to us for the time being. But she was heart broken, crying, anxiety attacks, panic attacks, you name it she was dealing with it. She reached out to me for help and I told her that i've never dealt with this sort of thing before and that i probably wasn't the guy for it. But she insisted me and my other friend talk to her, so we did, we told her everything she should do. Drop the guy, drop her best friend who did it, and leave them to either change their attitude, or, leave them for good and never go back depending on how they act. She thought it was a good idea but she still missed her best friends, as anyone would obviously. But she felt there was room for something more with them, that they would change, and so she went back, completely ignoring both of our advice and all of her other friends advice too. And would you have it, she got hurt, way worse than before, by two people who manipulated and used her the same way they did before. Now, she obviously took our advice and is not gonna speak to either of them ever again, which brings me to my next point.

The bad side of advice. See things like advice can go both ways, advice and than feedback on advice. Advice from multiple people can and can't be a good thing depending on how you look at it. More advice makes that person see through a different view, but it can also mean more people telling you how you should handle your problems instead of helping you through them. Hearing and taking advice is a lot different than using the advice that was given to you by said person. The advice you use in the long run should be a mix of both your own advice and advice that other people have given you that makes sense. The people you seek for advice should never be people you just met because you never know of peoples intentions, you need to ask close people around you and hear all of them out equally, no matter how stupid they may sound. Everyone deserves a voice and sometimes they just aren't projecting there advice how they want it too it just comes out like that. My point being, advice and opinions are all the same thing when you really break it down.

Some people just wanna help in any way they can, advice is a major form of helping out. It can change someones outlook and help them see not only more clearly, but the right way to go. Stopping someone from doing something stupid to someone else or even themselves is advice. Talking down an armed robber is advice. Even giving your neighbor help with where they should plant there plants is advice. My point is, advice comes in many different opportunities, big or small. Always remember to seek advice or help before acting on something you'll regret, that's life.         