Student-designed

Wouldn`t it be exciting for a student to create a summer projects for their fellow students to do during summer break? Summer break is a time for students to have fun with their families and friends. It a time to travel to so many places like Generic_City, Florida, California, and so forth. Furthermore, it`s great for students to complete summer projects during their break so their brains and memories can still be refreshed and for them not to forget most of the school materials they have learned before summer break. Moreover, requiring students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break is a brilliant idea. But these summer projects should be student-designed because the projects will be exciting, students will be more engaged with the projects, and the student-designed projects will definitely be less harder.

The first reason the summer projects should be a student-designed is because the projects will be exciting and enjoyable for other students. For example, when a students designs a Kahoot for their fellow students to use to study for their test and quizzes, it will be exciting just because the students will get to choose any names they wish. So, a Kahoot is a game that teachers use to create a test or quizzes for students to study to get them prepared for their test and quizzes. The Kahoot can be used inside and outside of the school premises. The student designing the kahoot will get to choose how many seconds or minutes it should take the students to answer their questions. Also, most teachers don`t give students enough time for them to choose their answers and that is unfair. Students needs more time at least 20 to 30 seconds to think about the questions before answering and not rush to choose any answer just because the teacher didn`t give them enough time. Students complain about how much time teachers give them because they need more time to work on their projects. For instance, teachers design boring projects like making a word puzzel about math. That is so boring because no students wants to spend their time making a word puzzle about math instead of doing other fun things like reading, going to the movie theater, going on vacation, and spending time with their families and friends. Most of the students don`t find math interesting beccause they don`t like doing math.

Another reason is that students will be more engaged with the projects. For instance, a student designed a project about each students choosing their own topic argumentative essay like increasing the minimum wage, the college tuition, and discrimination. After that, the student will design another projects about presentations. The presentation will teach them how to present to their fellow students and also how to present in future times like jobs. The presentation will also help them master the skills of presenting. When a student designs the projects, the student will give the students extra time to work on it because teachers will give students less time on their project and expect the students to be prepared when they are not. Furthermore, the students will decide if they need to present to teachers because most students are nervous to do that. And also they have not mastered the skill of presenting yet. The students will also decide how many words will be in each slides, how many slides they need, and how many minutes they need to present. Most of the times, teachers give students less time to present. Due to the less time, students won`t be able to finish what they have in mind or what they have to say and they will have to be rushed to finish before time is over. And if the students didn`t reach the time given or went over the time given, points will be deducted. But when the students chooses how they want their presentations to be, they are more likely to work on it more than when a teacher tells them how to do their own presentations.

The third reason is because the student-designed project will be less harder for students to do. For example, there was a project my history teacher assigned us to do, it was a project about the Progressive Era to make sure that we understand what it was all about. We had to come up with a creative title and 3 categories for the project. It was hard for us to do because we had to come up with a creative title that connects with the topic and 3 categories that 20 sub-heading can fit on one of them. If it was a student designed the project, it would be less harder because either the title is given to us, or we don`t have to create one. And also the 3 categories will be given to use to make it a little more easier. Then all we have to do is put the 20 sub-heading in their right categories and also insert some images where it suppose to be. Another example was when my AVID teacher gave a project about researching the college of our choice. It`s great that we had to choose the college of our choice, but the questions and the rubric was unclear. They were almost the same question and it was difficult for us to answer it because we couldn`t give the same answer to all the questions. Even though some people say that teacher-designed will be so much better because students will tend to take it seriously than a student-designed; however, student-designed is better because its made by a student and it will less stressful, while teacher-designed will be a lot harder and frustrating to do.

In conclusion, student-designed is better because its more fun, engaging, and easier to do than teacher-designed. Students need more time towork on their projects while spending time with families and friends. It`s great to have fun while learning and not stress out over a project during summer break. Schools need to give students an opportunities for them to design a projects for their follow students, and to show their skills and talents. 