Statistics show that 30% of people who ask for advice from more than one person end up making a smarter decision. Life is filled with decisions, some that may influence your whole life, and some that are not very important, that's why it's good to get some extra opinions. Many people have a hard time making decisions, and appreciate the extra help they get from their friends and peers. Having more than one person give you their advice on a matter could be all the help you need. It might also make you feel better about the decision you are taking. Asking your family and friends about a matter might also give you the answer you need. Gaining more opinions and voices if always better than not getting anything.

Some problems you may encounter in life will lead to you making a very important decision, which might not be the easiest thing in the world. You make decisions every day of your life without even realizing it, such as choosing to eat breakfast or choosing to finish your homework. Those decisions might not require you to get more advice, because you are already so used to completing them each day. Studies show that as you grow up, you are faced with more important decisions, that might not only effect you. Like making a decision to move to Africa with your family, which in that case requires you to collect all the opinions of your family members, because the decision not only effects you, but your whole family also.

Receiving more voices and advice on a matter might not only allow you to make a better decision, but also allow you to gain more knowledge on that subject, like a decision to go on the keto diet. Your friend might offer pros and cons to going on a keto diet, and why you might like it or hate. Each person has their own knowledge on a certain subject, like a doctor could offer you knowledge about health matters, or a lawyer could offer you knowledge about civil matters. If you had an important decision about your health, you might want to go to your doctor to get his advice on the matter, because he knows more about that topic. He also studied more about it and is more knowing.

Coming to a conclusion on a decision might be the hardest thing you do in your life. It might make you feel depressed and down, like you can't even make a simple decision, and that's okay. That's why asking more people about it might make you feel better. An example is myself, when it comes to making choices I am the worst to come. I hate coming to conclusions, because I always feel that I made the wrong decision or didn't think enough about it, that's why I always ask my family members for advice before making a decision, it makes me feel more relaxed and happy about my choice. It also makes me feel like I got the knowledge I need I make the right decision. That's why asking more than one person, could lead to you feeling better and more relaxed, and you could finally get on with your life, knowing that you made the right choice.

Last but not least friends and family know you the best. They know what you like, and they know your personality. They are the number one people who might offer you the best advice. An example is my friend Generic_Name, she once came and asked me if it would be good for her to take a year off of college, she wanted to relax and have a year to herself. I told her no. Why you might ask, because I knew my best friend and I knew that she would feel sad and depressed if she took a year off, because she's the kind of person who likes to work, she might feel overwhelmed at times, but overall she loves the thrill of getting a new assignment. So she took my advice and didn't get a year off. The next year she felt so much happier and thanked me a lot for giving her my advice. So in conclusion what I mean is that your friends and family in the end know you better than anyone else, that's why it's good to get their opinion on a matter, especially if it concerns your future. Trust me the advice they will give you will benefit you in life.

I'm nearing the end of this essay, and I just want to say that no matter how hard you think about a decision. It's best if you get other people's opinion who might know more about that topic or subject. It's important that you find the right people to ask when looking for advice. If you are ever having trouble making a decision don't forget that your family and friends are always here to give you their opinion and advice on a matter, because that's what matters the most. Don't be too hasty when it comes to making a decision, remember "slow and steady wins the race".