The new Facial Action Coding System was valuable. Helps us communicate in better ways. The new software would help detect how you feel. It detects if you really feel a different emotion according to the muscles you use.

Staring into someones eyes and trying to calculate how they feel inside is difficult. However, we are not all good on hiding emotions. According to the article, the way you physically move your faces helps you detect on how you are feeling. If you look upset or worried it would be easy detect and when someone realize they while try communicating with you. Having to hide emotions and not communicate it is easier to notice in a person.

The software will help recognize your emotions just by looking at your face. For example, in the article it says "A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored". It will be helpful to the instructor to have more coefficient lessons for the students. The article also tells you "most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication". The creator of the software(Dr. Huang) suggest that computers should understand that just like us human do.

Muscles moving physically can really give a clue on how your emotions are at the moment you react. According to the passage when you lift up your eyebrows it shows that you are surprised. Other examples are when you smile to the sideways, you are fake smiling. In the passage, it also indicates that when you see somebodies facial emotion it can make you feel what they feel. Muscles that begin at your cheek bones show that you are giving a real smile.

Most people believe that being able to detect someone's facial emotions can be helpful because we can communicate when they are sad or worried. Beong able to celebrate with someone that you are happy or excited can be useful thank you to the computer software. Having the ability to detect feelings can help get better solutions, not only physically but mentally as well. Muscles can always help you indicate someone else's emotions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            