You should join to help and say I helped that country. I think you should because there are things you have and other people don't. I also think that it should almost be a requirement to help people to go to heaven. I think alot of things should because I am like that.

I think a lot about others believe it or not. I love other people and apparently Luke did also. He understands the true meaning of love. He even knew it was an opportunity of a lifetime to help people in Africa,Asia,Haiti, and other places like that he had to understand that time is too valuable and other people give that time away to you to make you a better person and he is using it that way. Not saying this is all good there is downs too. Every rose has its thorns.

It is a lot of time that people spend with others. It was better for Luke I think because he was a good person. He had a heart of steel to make himself not say no to miss out on people in his family to go help other families. I think that was the best thing to do for anybody. He missed his mom,dad,aunt,brother/sister,nephew/neices,and his other friend to go help other people. Which makes me wonder if he's a Mason.

I know that he had to miss out because that was so much time taken up ,not wasted but taken up. He spent 2 weeks on each trip and then did it 16 more times! Reasons not ot would be. You could die in fog. I'm not sayin I wouldn't go but I wouldn'tlike to have the thought of dying in my brain. I bet more than once or twice he thought of dying and cried.

I know I would go but I wouldn't go 16 times because of the fact. There are sharks,squid,octopi,and plenty of other animals. The oceans are the most unexplored places on earth. People die millions of times a year because of the ocean and I have a high paranoia level so my paranoia would keep me on my toes. I would be so scared at times. There are 60 foot sharks named megalodons and can swallow me whole. There are plesiosaurs confirmed in the pacific. There is a six gilled shark that is 20 feet long. almost all sharks can taste a drop of blood 400 yards away. If they swim underneath a boat with 335 horses and 1 of 335 is bleeding or in labor. (the tissues and blood)I would die. I would probably have a heart attack.

I can't stand my paranoia. My friend was going to let a train go over him to prove he wasn't scared but I put a little paranoia in him because under a train gets hot enough to crystalize a rock and make it look like silver. What would it do to my friend. Back to the water.

Plesiasours started as lizards. Lizards have a third eye. It senses changes in lighting. Ripples and vibrations shift lighted areas. Horses make alot of noise and stomp alot. Stomping causes vibrations.

I was swimming in a river and I thought about rivers monsters when a log touched my legs I freaked out! I swam as fast as I could screaming "jeremy wade jeremy wade"I was out of the water and on my grandpas house boat. I said hit the sand dam. From then and on I never went past clear water.

I don't think about stuff like look down its a log or stuff like that. I almost pee my pants when I see a spider. I think its because of me watching national geographic channel everyday and knowing what every animal does and how it hurts you.

I thought one time a jamaican cockroach could kill me .At the time I was three or four. My finger now was about as long as this cockroach. it stood up and it ran towards me. I was in my moms work and there were alot of animals there so I ran into the pig room. That was the day I figured out my mom would get me a mexican rat. From then on No roach came near me .But my fear is still here.                                                                                                                                    