In modern society, cars are obviously popular. They are one of the most used means of transportation, and driving can be exciting for some people. Now because cars are so popular today, many wrecks occur consistently. Rather it be because of the person who was driving the car's fault, or another car accidently or purposely hitting the other car, this is why I am against driveless cars. So many wrecks happen already with an actual person driving the vehicle, imagine no one driving the car. The level of safety would not be exceeded, and would rise the statistics of deaths in cars.

First, an issue with driveless cars is not only do we need the technology to make the car driveless, we also have to change our surroundings. "Originally, many futurists believed the key to developing self-driving cars someday wasn't so much smarter cars as smarter roads." The passage explains that some roads will need to be changed for driveless cars to work effectively. These "smarter roads" would need electricle cables to send signals to the car, magnets for alternating polarity and binary codes. Now no one is saying this can not be done because it has been accomplished before, but there will be an expensive price that comes with it. If these prices are not dealt with, no smarter roads and definitley no smarter cars.

Although today, driveless cars technically exist, they are not 100% reliable. "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph, but special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps hold of the wheel." This places a lot of responsibility for the driver and those seated in the car. Due to the car not being completely driveless, one will have to pay attention to the road, accidents, and where they are heading. If the driver located in the car is not paying attention this can cause car wrecks and even death. To add more safety to the car, the manufactures have created signals. The signals let the driver know when there is danger ahead. But if the driver misses these signals, they are again at risk and their safety becomes their responsibility.

Another problem that arises with driveless cars is the relatonship between the manufacturers and the driver or those in the car. Accidents happen often, and if an accident were to happen it is hard to choose who would be at fault. Would it be the manufacturer who is supposed to create their inventions to perfection for an individuals safety? Or would it be the drivers fault because if something were to happen, they should be aware at all times? "As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars." It is very difficult to answer these questions, therefore safety regulations have been admitted in certain states including California, Nevada, Florida and the District of Columbia.

In conclusion, driveless cars have a long way to go before they can be considered safe. Deaths are skyrocketing as it is with humans driving cars and we certainly are not ready for a car to drive itself. Until we have the proper technology that will work at all costs, driveless cars are useless and better left untouched.         