Online school does not come with many developmental benefits. It is only a good options for people who are in college who have a job or other commitments. While we are still maturing we need to learn how to work with others and communicate because those are very important life skills. Online school or video conferencing allows people do to their work from their own home without having to communicate with others. Online school is only a good option if it is hard for you to physically to get there. For example, if you are unwell or have a disability that needs assistance and care then online school is the better option. Students don't benefit from taking classes at home because the lack of the social aspect, and they don't get to utilize school resources.

Making friends is already hard as it is for most people, especially if you are not even at school. Making friends teaches you how to maintain valuable relationships and important communication skills. Students who do online school for most of their lives will lack social skills needed in every day life. Students who choose online school are also trying to keep their distance from school, for the most part. This means they will miss out on school sponsored events and/or sports. For many students, sports and clubs are their passions and if one chooses online school they might miss out on a great opportunity that could benefit them. Students who choose to learn from home will also lack group work skills which is extremely important, even If they don't want a job that involves group settings, it is important to learn how to communicate with others and meet halfway. The social aspect of physically going to school is too important to not take into account.

Schools offer great resources for students to use during school hours. For example, many schools offer a math tutoring center for kids who need extra help/ explaining on their homework. They also could offer help on other subjects, these are great resources which many students use during their study hall block. All schools also have a type of counseling system which can help students plan for college, talk about certain issues they might be having, or plan for the next year. Counselors are very important to have nearby in case you have a question or an issue you want to talk to them about. The library is also a great resource that students who learn from home won't have readily available. The library is a great place to work, research, and find new books. Students who choose to learn from home won't have these benefits easily accessible.

Attending school comes with more benefits than attending school from home. The only way online school would be a benefit is if the student is disabled and needs care. Schools also add structure into our lives by waking up five days a week and working for around seven hours a day. If ones chooses to do online school they could wake up whenever they wanted and they would not have structure. Students who don't attend school can also be bullied or labeled as abnormal when they are older if they lack social skills, and they could also possibly be denied from jobs too. In conclusion students do not benefit from attending classes from home because the lack of the social aspect, and they don't get to utilize school resources.