Car ussage isn't a must do, it's more of a want to do. Many places like Columbia, Germany and France take days off of driving to help the world and the people.

The people of Vauban, Germany have given up their cars altogether. In the outskirts near the French and Swiss border driveways, home garages and street parking are not allowed. You are still allowed to own a car but if you do choose to own one, you'll have to choose where you want to park it. There aren't many options, you can buy a space for $40,000 in one of the garages on the edge of the development. Media trainer Heidrun Walter said "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way". About seventy percent of families in Vauban, Germany do not own a car and aout fifty-seven percent sold their car so they could come live in Vauban. Much like in Germany to preserve resources and maintain pollution to a minimum in Paris, a partial driving band was placed due to over pollution. The band stated that only some people could drive on certain days. For example if your license plate was an even number than you could only drive on certain chosen days and vise versa with odd numbers. If you failed to follow this rule then you would be fined a $31 or a 22-euro fine. This rule caused around 4,000 drivers to be fined and around 27 people to have their cars impounded. In the capital of France congestion in the air went down about 60 percent after intense smog for about 5 days. Also because diesel is prefered over gasoline in France diesel fuel was blamed. In western Europe around 53.3 percent of diesel engines as compared to 67 percent in France.

Hiking, biking, skating, taking buses to work these are all things that Bogota, Colombia participated in during their car free day. Doing these activities has been proven to relieve stress and lower air pollution. Cali and Valledupar joined in the event and others came to see the event. This car free day is a day that Bogota started in the 1990s, it has led to around 118 bycicle paths being constructed which is the most any city in Latin America contains. Carless people are more likely to turn to sports centers, walking on sidewalks, upscaling new restaurants and cropping up shopping districts. The time that is wasted in a traffic jam is time that you'll never get back. Might as well use it to do something that's good for you like excersising or spending time with family. In Barcelona, Spain the Ford Motor Company chairman, Bill Ford announced that to conserve resources, lower emission and to improve safety they should have public transportation and private cars and pedestrian biking connected into the network.

One of the worlds prime cultures is in the United States. Since the second largest source is transportation in America's emission. Since we have the internet and different social medias that allow us to reach our friends and family or anyone we'd like to speak with easily there is not much need for people to drive around every time that they want to see their friend. This causes teens and many others to not have getting their license as a priority which will decrease in the long run the amount of cars that are being driven around. Teenagers usually base their life around what they have to do. Whether it is going to their job or going to the gym, they find their way around it. Car-pool, public transportation or just simply walking will decrease pollution and increase your healthy level if you walk. It's a win-win either way you look at it. If you car-pool you are helping the enviroment by not polluting the air and if you use public transportation you are changing the amount of cars that are being used. Public transportation is like a large car-pool.

Places like these are the reason that the world will live longer, along with the people on it. If more places participated in events like these, there would be much less pollution in the air, much less time wasted and much less obesity. Your children and yourself could breathe better and have a brighter, much cleaner future.               