"You were wrong!" Generic_Name said. "Picking the gas car was not the best idea." The sister then replied with, "electric cars cost too much, I was just making sure you spent your money well." That's when Generic_Name realized that he should've asked for others advise, not just only her sister. "If only I asked others opinions on it," Generic_Name said. "Well you didn't which means your stuck with this car," the sister replied. "I guess you're right," Generic_Name said with a disappointed look. This dialouge can tell us why it's such a bad idea to only get one individuals opinion or advise. I think that asking more people for advise can help because they would have more choices to pick from, not make the wrong choice and be able to compare the choices with eachother.

First of all, asking more people for advise can help an individual make the better choice because they would have more choices to pick from, rather than just one. For instance, I wanted to buy a pair of sneakers and when I asked a friend, he only named one. So, I went on and didn't ask anyone else because I thought it was the right choice to make. After a couple of days I bought the shoes, I started to not like them because they looked too big on me. My friend himself said they were too. This was obviously the wrong choice because I didn't like them, and the reason I chose this, is because I didn't have any other choices that I could pick from. If I had asked other people, then maybe I would have made the right choice, or the choice I was happy with. It's is a good idea to have more choices than to pick from than just be stuck with one. Heres another example. My friend wanted to buy a phone but didn't know what phone was good and which was bad. He asked one of his relatives for an opinion and they told him which one to buy. After a couple days of using the phone, it started glitching out. He was furious with his choice. If he had come up to me or some other people, he might've been more happy with his choice. These stories clearly state why it's a good idea to ask more people for advise.

Moving on, having more people give you advise is a good idea because it would help you not make the wrong choice. Making the wrong choice could happen if only asking just a couple of people. For example, my uncle wanted to buy a house, so he asked his family and friends on whcih house to buy. He showed some pictures and they either said it's a good idea or it's a bad idea. Most of them said yes to one of the houses so he decided to buy that one. After a couple of months later, the other houses dropped more than half the price they originally were. If he had picked any other house, he would've been very unhappy. Asking for more people's advise helped him not make the wrong choice in the process of buying a house. This is why it's a good idea to ask more people for advise rather than just a little group of 3 or 4.

Finally, asking for more advise can help compare them with eachother. Lets say you ask for advise on if you should be friends with someone. Someone says yes, and someone says no. They both give reasons on why they said so. You have to compare the reasoning behind them to make the better choice. For example, I asked a couple of friends if I should buy a game or not. Two of them said yes and two of them said no. I then asked them for reasons and they told me all the reasons why I should either buy it or not. After hearing the reasons behind the choice, it was easier for me to make the right choice of not buying the game. I'm very happy that I compared the choices because that game was taken down for various copyrights. So even if I bought it, I wouldn't have been able to play it. Comparing the choices helped me make the better choice. If I just went with my gut and bought it, it would've turned to be a very bad idea.

"I love my new console!" he shouted excitedly. "Who told you it was a good idea to buy it?" asked his father. "Some of my friends said it was a good idea, but a couple of them said it wasn't so I went with the majority," he replied. "It was a very hard choice to make but a lot of them said I should buy it." The father happily told him that it was a good idea that he asked more people because it helped him compare the choices, not make the wrong decision and that he had more options to choose from. The kid was very happy with his choice because of these reasons. According to this example or dialouge, you could tell that it was a better idea to ask more people for advise because you would have more choices to pick from, not make the wrong choice and to be able to compare choices rather than just having one to be stuck with.