Limiting car usage would be a wise thing to do for the world, and places around the word have already started. In German suburbs there are fewer cars, Paris banned driving due to smog, there is a car free day in Bogota, and car culture is coming to an end in the United States.

To begin, in Germany people have given up their cars! This is a product of some of the new laws that they are enforcing on the outskirts of Freiburg. For example, street parking is generally forbidden. But car ownership is still allowed, if neccasary they can only park in large garages at the end of the development were you buy a space for $40,000! I deffanitly dont ever want to pay that much just for a parking space, and they dont either; 70 percent of Vaubans families do not own cars. On the plus side people feel more involved in their community when taking a bus or walking to were ever they need to go. "When i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter.

Moreover, air pollution is getting out of control. To help, Bogota has a car free day. Millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid to traffic jams. "These people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders," said Enrique Piera, the mayor of Asuncion, Paraguay. The goal is to promote alternative transpertation and reduce smog. Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals. [last] Week Paris had 147 micgrograms of particutate matter per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in Lonon, Reuters found.

Adittionaly, greenhouse gas emissions are crazy.  Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer drivers licenses as each year goes by. But America's love afair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. If the pattern persists-and many sociologists believe it will- it will have benificial implications forr carbon emissions and the enviroment, since transportation is the second largest source of America's emissions, just behind power plants. There has been a large drop in the percentage of 16-39 year olds getting license.                                    