Many elections have passed throughout the years. When its time to vote people go out crazy just to cast in their vote. They are hoping that the candiate they selected gets nominated and win. The Electoral College is a method to elect presidents which in some way its a good thing. The way i see it its not, so i claim to change the way presidents are elected by changing to election by popular vote rather than the Electoral College because it is unfair. Also, its not really you who is being a part of which president you chose to win. Last of all, its a waste of time.

To start off the Electoral College should be replaced with election by popular vote because it is unfair for the most part. The Electoral College has its good part which states in source #3, paragraph 22 " In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep your despised method of choosing president" " The Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast." It shows how it helps with the majority votes. Yet it is more unfair as it states in source #

2

paragraph 12 "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" "Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, he election would be thrown to the House of Representatives, where state delegations vote the president." This shows how if there is ever a tie then really your vote doesnt count since someone else has to end up deciding who to elect for president.

If we were to elect presidents by popular vote then it would be more fair since we are electing them with our votes.

Following how the Electoral College is unfair, it also shows how we really dont elect the president. In source #2 paragraph 10 it states "Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." This shows how our votes go to their electors rather than us electing the president. That is not a good way to count our votes because you never know if the elector is in favor or not with their candidate. Also, the electors could be anyone as it says in source #2 paragraph 10

" They can be anyone not holding public office." We never know if the electors are reliable and it can affect some people since they voted for that specific candidate to be president and they didnt get enough votes when in reality its between their electors and states. It just shows how in reality our votes dont really have a say and count in the way where we don't elect the president.

Not only is the Electoral College unfair and it really doesn't let us elect the president, it also is a waste of time. It's good how the Electoral College has steps and takes time to go through the motions of how many votes and who does the electors vote for and all, but it takes a whole lot time for nothing really. The election is really not with our votes, but between the state, House of Representative

,

and their electors. It just waste time as in source #2 paragraph 12 it says "

Perhaps most worrying is the prospect of a tie in the electoral vote. In that case, the election would be thrown to the House of Representatives. where state delegations vote on the president. ( The Senate would choose the vice- president.) Because each state casts only one vote, the single representaive from Wyoming. representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for Congress, the House's selection can ahrdly be expected to reflect the will of the people." This shows how it takes a long time within just them when we just waste our tim with voting since they would have the last word.

In conclusion, I claim on changing to election by popular vote than keeping the Electoral College because it is unfair. You arent really the one choosing the president, you are choosing their electors. At the end of the day its a waste of time for us to vote and to go through all those steps with the Electoral College and wait to see who gets elected. The Electoral College in a way shows how our vote doesnt really have a say and count directly towards the president. It is much better if the election would be by popular vote since it is us electing and we know who we voted and all. This way it let's us speak through our votes.     