Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students have a hard time paying attention in school and staying on time,but with online or video conferencing it should easier form them to get the work done and on time. Some people disagree that online or video conferencing will not benefit student because its not the same then being at school in a class. Although some people think online or video conferencing don't benefit students,it should be known that online and video conferencing do benefits students.

The first reason why online or video conferencing do benefit students when they are at home is because it will be easier for them to work. While students are at their homes doing their work it will be easier to be more relaxed and in a positive attuide when completing their classwork,or homework for a class. Students are always cramped up with book works and test that when they get home they don't have time to relaxed,but with online or video conferencing students can work in their work place nice in cozy while watching TV or eating. The next thing is when working from home is the work will be 10x easier because you will have extra help from your parents or whomever you are staying with. The next reason online or video conferencing benefits students is that students won't be so stress out. When students are in school they can get easily stress out because of all the work and testes that teacher are giving them. While in the cozy in their home students can relive their stress,after a hard of doing book work and classwork online they can go outside,read a book, or have a friendly conventions with their parents about their day. The next thing on why they wont be so stress out is because if they are doing online classwork, or doing a video conferencing the students can ask politely, or stand up in walk around if they fell a little bit cluster. The last reason students benefits online or video conferencing from home is because students get to work at their own speed. When students are at home doing their work they wont be rush by any teachers to get their classwork done a specific hour they will have all the time they need when doing classwork online. When students are working in their homes it will be easier for them to get the work done because they are working at their own pace and taking their time to make sure they get a good grade.

The final reasons why students benefit working at home online or video conferencing is because it can benefit the students and parents. When students are working at their homes they will have less distraction then if they were at school. When students are in school they will have a lot of distraction because they will be tempted to get up in play,walk around the classroom. or just roam the hallways,but if they work from their home they would't they will be focus on their work and studies. When students are working from their home they wouldn't have to worry about all that yelling and screaming because they will have peace in quite. The next thing that it will benefit students and parents because their children will have more work space to do their work. When at home doing classwork,test. or even homework the students will have more work space to keep up with all their things instead of working in a little desk with little space to keep their thing on. Students will have the luxury to put the papers anywhere on their work desk in near or even sloppy because can tell them what to do with besides your parents. The last thing it will benefit parents and students s parents won't have to get calls from teacher about their children's. Most parents hate when teacher call their phone about the littlest thing their child did or din't do, but when working from their home they won't have to worry about teacher calling their home because they can see everything their children's is doing. Sometimes parents can worry about their child safety so when doing online classes or video conferencing they won't have to worry about that.

Although some people don't believe think online or video conferencing do not benefit students,it should be known that that online or video conferencing do benefit students. Online and video conferencing do help out students a lot because with it they can learn at their own pace, have less people in their ears, relive all that stress they had, and easier for them to work. Lets be honest every student want to pass and go on to have a good life, some probably don't, but how can they do that when their multiple obsctal blocking their way when they are at school if they are at home doing online classes and video conferencing do you think that their will obsctal in their way they will be more focus and will be ready to work hard to get were they want to be in life.                  