Do you ever seek strong advice and one person isn't giving you the advice you need? Asking more than one person is a good start. I believe it is a good idea to talk to more than one person because it can help you make a better choice in then end. Different peoples opinions can help build one strong one, different point of views are always good to hear and older more wiser people have been though lot's of stuff and it could be good to ask them too.

Asking for advice from many different people is the way to go. One person's advice could be pushing your in a bad direction thats why it's good to get multiple peoples thoughts. Different point of view are good on this topic because many some peoples advice can persuade you to make a bad opinion and if you get multiple peoples advice it can even it out and you can make a good opinion. Everyone has different views and it's good to see the whole picture.

Older's peoples advice is always a good choice to ask for because they have been though a lot and they have some good advice on what to say. Elders are much wiser than asking kids because they have already dealt with these sorts of things and you can trust them more than most people. Asking more than one Elder is what I would do because they are mostly right and have lot's of different views. Thats why asking many different Elders is good.

Different peoples opinions on advice can help build one big strong one. If you get the same advice from two different people and then you ask a 3rd person and they say the opposite of what the other people said, you would most likely pick the Advice that two people had said. Building a strong statement is key and if you get advice from many people that have done something like it, it will help make a good opinion. A strong opinion is the best opinion when it come to making choices and getting advice.

If you take advice from lot's of different people your outcome will be better than only asking one person. Using different points of views, using your elder's and even asking someone that you trust are all good ways to find some good advice. seeking more than one persons advice will help you make a much better choice. Advice is always something you need to hear thats why it is good idea to get multiple peoples advice.