Your principal has decided all students need to participate In at lest one extracurricular activity this year do you agree or disagree with this decision?

I disagree, because a lot of students have siblings to take care of, some of there families won't let them do sports as well as there parents may work to late to come get them after a game or practice.

Fist, a lot of students have to go home and take care of there brothers and sisters because their parents work to late so therefor how are you going to have time to play a sport who's going to take care of your little brother and sister? As a result of this you will not have time for the activity your principal wants you to do. You have to go home and cook your family dinner because dads not around and mom works 12 hour shift so you know she's going to be to extremely tired and she's not going to want to cook so It's your job now you're going to feed mom and or your brother or sister. If you have to play sports how are you going to feed them?

Second, you always take care of your sibling so how do think your mom is going to feel if you come home and say, "mom I have to play a sport for school or I'm going to get In trouble." your moms going to be upset she does not want you to play sports because she does not have the money nor time to take you and pick you up she wants to go home and sleep. She has to have your help with your brother or sister because she has no one else to help her and she does not have the money for a babysitter after school.

Lastly, she works extremely to late to take you to a game or practice she just does not have the time, sports can be hard for people and be overwhelm and that's a lot if you're going through family problems. Your mom works to late to get you and pick you up and take you there It's a lot of stress on both you and your mom.

Therefor this is why I disagree with students having to do an extracurricular activity also, older kinds are vary responsible and take a lot of roll In the family trust me I know from experience I never had time to play sports always took care of my brother and the family through hard times.