"Driverless Cars Are Coming" introduces the idea that driverless cars are almost ready. My argument of driverless cars is, are they ready? Who is to blame if an accident happens? The manufacturer or the owner? Which the narrator also asks, "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" The premise of my argument, is that the driver, should in no way be the one at fault. Unless they themselves wreck the car.

Driverless cars are a very unique sort of car. For one, they do not need a driver. In most cases, that is. Driverless cars have one factor that many car companies are working on: they also need a driver. Which makes them half driverless and half driver... full? BMW driverless cars can only go to about 25 mph (miles per hour), "The car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 mph,"

before needing assitance by the driver behind a wheel. GM has driver seats that vibrate when the vehicle is in danger, "...driver's seats that vibrate..." Also, the Google car just says whenever the person is required to take over. "...simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over."

What if a special needs/ disabled person uses one of these cars? Are the manufacturers going to blame them for not being able to use their own hands and feet on the vehicle? This is another scary thing that could very well happen in the future. At least a person without some kind of disability would have control of the car if the autopilot did indeed fail. My counter-argument to my argument would be that there are plenty of sensors around the car stated in paragraph 4, "...they needed a whole lot of sensors," but, what if the senors failed? What if every single sensor failed and someone was incapable of controlling the car? Who is responsible?

My argument is not one that can be answered right now. It is just a question that many could use an answer from. The well-being and capability of the car is an important aspect of said car. Many bad accidents could happen and whether or not the accident is pinned on the car maker or the car driver is to be disputed.