Making informed decisions is a key to happiness. An informed decision is a decision that you have thought about, not a decision that you blindly choose, so you don't regret it. Like asking for advise, you might not know who to ask. Well, when people ask for advise, they should ask more than one person because asking multiple people could shed light upon multiple points of view, one person could be biased toward a decision, and you are more likely to ask someone you trust.

Showing multiple points of view means that you get different angles, or ideas of an issue or decision. For example, if you can't decide if you should go to a party or not, and you ask your friend they might say that it will be really fun. Although, if you ask your mom or dad, they might bring up a different point of view, and say that it could be risky or dangerous. Going to that party is probably not a good idea, but if you had just asked your friend, you would have had a greater chance of going to the party because they said it would be fun. Asking just your friend could also make you regret going to the party if you decided to go.

Being biased is already having your mind made up, and not having an open mind about something like a new food. Asking someone for advise that is biased, might not give you the best advise. For example, if someone doesn't like you, and you ask them for advise, they might give you bad advise. Versus asking someone you are close to, will probably give you better advise, like a parent, which brings me to my next point.

Asking someone you trust is very important. You have to surround yourself with good people that are trustworthy. For example, if you are a celebrity, there will be lots of people that that will want to be friends with you just to say that they are, not because of you as a person. Famous people have to watch out for these people, and surround themselves with an especially close group of people.

In conclusion, asking more than one person for advise is better if you want to make the best decision possible. Asking more people will cast light upon more points of view so you can have an informed decision. One person could be biased and not give you their best advise. Also, if you ask more than one person you are more likely to ask someone you trust and are very close to like a parent, rather than a friend at school. All and all, whenever you ask for advise, it is a great idea to ask for multiple opinions, rather than just one because you are more likely to ask someone you trust, asking more people will reveal more points of view, and just one person compared to multiple people could be biased.