Have you ever taken a class from home? Would you take an online class if your school offered it? My close friend has taken an online class before and portrayed how it was very useful for him to be able to learn online. Many people think that learning by way of online or video conferencing is a great way for students to learn. I believe that students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because if you're sick you can still learn, many students prefer online learning, and students can learn on their own schedule and at their own pace.

Learning from home by way of online conferencing is amazing for students because it allows those who are sick to still be able to learn. If you have the flu and are unable to attend school, for example, you will be able to learn from home. This would allow you to not miss any work, stay caught up in class, and have access to the same information that other students would receive at school. Not only would this be beneficial for students, but it would also be beneficial for fellow classmates and teachers at school, because they wouldn't get sick as well. Learning from home by way of online conferencing is brilliant idea because it would allow students who are sick to still be able to learn.

Online learning would be beneficial for students because many prefer to learn by online conferencing instead of in an actual classroom. I have a close friend who went to a public school throughout middle school, but changed to online video conferencing in high school. My friend said he made the switch because he was more comfortable being at home instead of in a classroom and learned better that way. If students are placed in their element, they are more likely to learn more and have fun doing so. Online learning would be great for students due to the fact that many students prefer to expand their knowledge by online video conferencing instead of physically being in a classroom.

Learning by online or video conferencing would be great for students because they are able to learn on their own schedule and at their own pace. Many high school students have busy schedules with activities, sports, and travel all year long. Consequently, many high school students have to rush through their work and don't really grasp important concepts because they aren't learning at their own pace. If students are able to learn on their own schedule and at their own pace, they will be able to blossom as young students and individuals. This is why learning by online or video conferencing would be superb for students due to the fact that they are able to learn on their own schedule and at their own pace.

Many people feel that learning by way of online or video conferencing is an awesome and beneficial way for students to learn. I concur with this this statement entirely. I believe that students would strongly benefit from the actions of attending classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because if you're sick you can still learn, many students prefer online learning, and students can learn on their own schedule and at their own pace. You can help make a change by supporting the ideas of students being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Not only would you make a change, you would also make an everlasting impact on student's lives for the better.                                    