The idea of having driverless cars is something that brings many questions in my head such as how safe they will be and how they will improve our atmosphere. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" they bring up many good ideas about driveless cars and some ideas that I just plain out think would'nt be good for our world at all. In my retrospect after reading "Driverless Cars Are Coming" I feel as though these driveless cars would be an amazing idea to contribute to our community. These cars would benefit our community in many ways not just for our safety but for our atmosphere.

Having driverless cars would impact our safety in many ways such as reducing accidents on the streets. Having these driverless cars would reduce car accidents because the driverless car would have laser beams to constantly update the surroundings of the car such as the other cars making it safer for humans to drive. Not only would the human be aware of his or her surroundings but the computer would be tracking the safety too which would help even more while driving.

In paragraph four of "Driverless Cars Are Coming"

it states " it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the car's surroundings". Driveless cars would also have antilock brakes which would be provided in these cars incase of rollovers and skids. According to the article of "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it states "automakers used speed sensore at the wheels in the creation of antilock brakes. Within 10 years,those sensors had become more advanced to detect and respond to the danger of out of control skids or roll overs". These cars would help our safety of everyone in many ways possible.

These cars would help our atmosphere with all the pollution that we as humans make everyday. The tank for these driverless cars would only use half of what a normal car uses today. This would reduce our pollution by a dramatic decrease and it would help nature and many of the animals but most importantly us. In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" it states "The cars he foresees would use half of the fuel of today's taxis". Just imagine a cleaner world for everyone. These cars would help make our world a cleaner,greener and greater place to live in.

The awsome thing about these cars is that it would only make us drive in bad traffic,working zones and around accidents. But the car would announce before we are needed just to be aware. Not many times will the car need someone to be in control over it. It would introduce the problem way ahead of time due to its GPS that the car will include. You will be able to most likely avoid these problems before you even get to them.

In conclusion I believe these cars would be a huge bonus to our community. Not only in safety but as well as our enviroment and our world. It would gives us a better world to live in and maybe a safe one too if everything goes well as plan. These cars are the future and will make our future better than ever before.   