Driverless cars are indeed a very complex subject. In the article "Driverless Cars are Coming", The text states that the car he forsees would use half the fuel of todays taxis and offer more felxability than a bus, Which would actually come to be very helpful in some ways. By using half the fuel of todays taxis the car would save alot of money for he who has it. Transportation as in busses and taxis, would not get as much business although it may seem like a good idea, Alot of the men and women who drive these public trsnportation devices would be losing their jobs if people decide to not use them anymore becasue there is self sufficiant cars and they would complt to being forced to try to find another job which they might not be able to get.

The Driverless Cars are built very complex. They use a ton of sensors all around the car which most likely takes alot of money to put into building, Money that is poribably taken from taxes the government collects from the people, Alot of people would be losing money to build something that isnt 100% sure that it would even work. The article says that these self sufficiant cars have been tested to drive millions of miles without crashing, and still would need some assistants to park and back up out of parking spots.

"We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way.", or so the article says in passage Eight. Some maufacturers hope to do that by bringing in car entertainment and information systems that use head on displays. Which can be turned off instantly when the driver needs to take over, But by doing this the driver would be very distracted by the displays and if the driver needed to "take over", they would be too distracted to do so in a life saving manner.

It is illegal to even test computer driven cars, not all states are willing to follow through with allowing it. It would take a long time to try and get all states on board with the situation. If the traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accciden, which will also take even more time to come up with those laws and get them passed. Even though the passages state that the Driverless Cars would in the long run be less money, It will be more money to construct the whole thing and make sure they all are trust worthy. So the quesion is, can we really trust "Driverless Cars"? 