For me this would be really useful in my math class, I tend to not be truthful when the teacher askes me if I understand what she had just said manily because I don't like to rase my hand. If we had this in school, in the classrooms the teachers could just go back and look at the computer and see if we are really understanding what she is explaining. I feel as if everyone could pass if the teacher knew what everyone was understanding and if she needed to stay on a topic a little while longer. Not only would this come in handly for school related things but if a teenager or kid was smiling all the time but really felt down the teachers would know and could talk to the person on the side. It could help prevent school shooting, suicide, self-harm, being afread of not passing and more. This could really take mankind to the next leavel and push us further, mentaly.

This could save milloins of lifes if we brought this into schools. people could fix there grades and not be ashmed of not knowing the answers to the questions. " The proces begins when the computer constructs a 3-D compurer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles. Movment of on or more muscles is called an action unit." "Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, suprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness, and then associated each with characteristic movments of the facial muscles. For exaple, your frontalis muscle." therefore teachers could tell if we dont understand a topic, pulling us aside later on before moving on and letting us get extra help. They could pull us aside and ask us if everything was going alright at home if we look really upsed or sad, anger, or even disgust.

We could change lifes if we get this, there wont be school shootings and it could be more safe for kids to go to school and we wouldn't feel like it could be our last day. We as students have the right to feel safe, to feel like we can acomplish what we need to acomplish without feeling ashamed. This could be a new start to a new begining. 