Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I have recently heard that you are debating if students bring their phones to school or not. Honestly, my say might not do you any good. But, I feel that it is a great idea. On the other hand, students that do not bring their phones to school might be an issue. How so?

you might ask. In these next few paragraphs, I will explain my doing and hopefully you will see to taking in my opinion and proposition.

Allowing students to bring their phones to school, and to use them during free time, is a wonderful idea. Also, keeping them off during class time is a good deal to at least being able to have the phones in the students' possession. It would be easier if teachers could see students on their phones and not take them away. We the students would not have to sneak the phones around school, and get later caught. The only minor problem is that students might not turn them off during class, disregarding your trust and rules. Otherwise, It is a good idea. What if something were to happen to that particular student? What if it was a personal problem and they could not come to a teacher? Reasons for having phones during school can go on for quite some time, but to keep it short and simple, It would be a great idea to have them during school. But why keep the phones away from the students?

Why can we not have the phones? Why take them away? Students need phones as if they need oxygen to breathe. It is legit that even if you banned phones from school property, students would still bring and use them anyway. There is honestly no point. Sometimes they do go off during class, but it is not on purpose. I do understand the statement that phones are in fact distracting to the students and classmates. If you banned them, students would not be distracted, or taking the risk of exposure to the phones, causing them to be possessed by teachers and administrators. What's my opinion?

In my personal belief, I feel that we should be able to have our phones. It is a legitimate trade for keeping and using the phones during free time and lunch, and keeping them off during the time of class and learning. If you allow this, students would be grateful and pleased, as well as the teachers and other workers at this school. Thank you for taking the time to examine my opinion and personal distress.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME