Have you ever wondered why you ask someone for advice, and then usually ask another peer the same question? I believe that there are many valuable reasons for that, and I'm going to tell you everything I know and think about this topic. Everyone can have completely different opinions on things like this, so my goal is to put every bit of mine into this paper, and attempt to change yours.

I strongly believe that asking for advice from multiple people is a good idea, but sometimes asking too many people can be more stressful to you. So, I came up with a few things to describe my reasoning. Although, I couldn't help but to start with this reason, different opinions. Almost every person you ask will have a semi-different answer and that's just how things work. But if you ask too many people, your brain can take all the data you collected and make it a little harder to choose if your choice is the smartest one. I'd say if you want to ask a certain amount of people, it would be anywhere from two to four. When you ask fewer people, you can think about your answers you got back and decide whos answer was best, without having ten different ones to choose from.

Some people you ask may be bad influences, which would be why two of your answers were positive but the other one was more towards the negative side of things. Trust is another very important part of all this because if you don't trust a certain person, they may lie and leave you with a bad decision. This also ties into why you should always ask at least one other person. Adults vs kids! nine out of ten times a kid will have a different answer that an adult, so asking both won't hurt, and will let you know if an adult would appreciate your decision.

Most of the time people use this method to get a better understanding of the question. I put every opinion into my writing and I hope now you will use some of these things when having to make an important decision, and want to tell your peer. Don't be too scared about asking for advice, but always be cautious on who, or how many people you ask. Which brings me to my finial question. Do you now know why you ask someone for advice, and usually ask multiple people as well?                        