Summer school projects should be in students-designs over than teachers-designs.

Having a student create their own project is a huge accomplishment. Reason why is because it takes a lot of time to think and create a whole project by them selves. A student design would be perfect because they can write and explain their own project that they wrote on their own. Students will have a lot of intrests and motavation with the student-design. Teachers can also learn something new about the students projects.

Secondly, teacher-designs is very difficult for a student because they wouldn't have any energy or fun in what the teacher gives out for them to create a project. Not many students would try their very best reason behind it is because they find it very boring. Another reason is because they don't have a teacher to help them and have them follow through to create the project that they designed for them to do. For a example a student having his own creative project he/she designed their selves wouldn't need help from a teacher and also it's more interseting for a student creating their own project than a teacher-desgins.

Third, students will learn a lot more with their own intersts with the project. Not everything has to be about school for an example it can be about economics, places, food, or anything. it will allow them to do good and they have many choices to pick. Students will gain a lot of strength on their own during that time and believe that if they can do the projects by their selves they can do anything during the school year. Teachers can see the students strengths and weakness by seeing their projects that they have created on their own and its very helpful for the teachers because they can later on help their own students create a better project in the future.

finally, Students rather choose student-designs over teacher-designs. Reasons why is because students love creating their own work and have their own ideas. Many of the students are creative and love to put intersting topics, sentences, and pictures on their projects. Teachers love the creativity the students come up with. Many of the teachers are suprised on what their students have created and what they have learned over their break. It's important for a student to create and have their own work done with out any suggestings or help by a teacher. 