There are many ways for a human being to convey an emotion with a facial expression. Someone can indicate happiness by smiling, sadness by frowning, or, confusion by furrowing their eyebrows. Each facial expression signifies someone's emotions or thoughts to others. The Facial Action Coding System (FACS) is a new technology that allows computers to recognize and identify human emotions. Although the FACS is a creative and unique way of identifying human emotions, using the FACS to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable.

The main reason why using the FACS to read emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable is because of the importance of expressing human emotions to others. In a world full of new technology that is constantly being improved, it is appealing for people to try out new gadgets and devices. However, as people are connecting with technology instead of connecting with other human beings face to face, the social aspect of humans is failing. In Nik D'Alto's article about the FACS, he excitedly asks readers the question, "Hold on! Can we actually 'calculate' emotions - like math homework?" The FACS's goal is to "'calculate' emotions - like math homework." The FACS denies students the chance to feel empathy for others. If students are constantly concerning themselves with what the computer "calculate[d]" their emotions to be, then students feel like they can only express themselves through technology. As a result, no human connection is made when students are having a conversation face to face. Emotions are meant to be shared and expressed freely so that friendly relationships can be made; they are not meant to be solved like "math homewrk" in a classroom. The FACS takes away the human and social connection between students, which is extremely important for students to build healthy relationships and make smart decisions.

Although the FACS is a creative and unique way of reading human emotions, it is not valuable for students to use it in a classroom. The new software would cause a lack of empahty for others, confusion about how students should express their emotions, and poor social interactions between students. Many new inventions of quicker and higher-quality technology is exciting to test out at first. However, placing the FACS in classrooms causes students to conform to ideas that cause their emotions to not be expressed healthily to others. Students would begin to find it normal to share their emotions with a computer screen rather than the student sitting right next to them.