Have you ever had a dream about a car driving itself while you just layed back and relaxed? So have many other people. Companies have been working on developing a self driving car. There have been hopes and stories about this since as early as the 1950's, but now we have the technology to actually do this wonderful thing.

At the beginning of this experimentation for the self driving car, lots of people trying to get it to work were using "smart" roads. Roads that had electrical cables or magnets in it, but the cost for "smart" roads would not be worth it. "Smart" cars though are cheaper than fixing and replacing all of the roads in the world. "Smart" cars had many sensors, video cameras, and a GPS receiver. They have a sensor on top of the car that is constantly making a three-dimentional model of the cars surrounding so the car can react to what is going on around it.

The Google "smart" cars have been in progress since the year 2009. Their cars have driven a bit over half a million miles, and the cars have yet to get into an accident. So by logical conclusion, the "smart" cars reduce the accidents that happen or at least reduce the frequency. Then cars are still not fully done. Yet some places are allowing companies to test the cars out on open roads, such as: California, Florida, District of Columbia, and Nevada. Sadly these cars are not fully complete so some still need the assistance of humans when it comes to accidents or moving to avoid the work zones.

"Smart" cars are very useful and have alot of wonderful benifits to them. These cars will very much likely use less fuel than the average car or taxi. They are less pron to get into accidents than human driven cars. They will take a bit more supplies to make these cars be able to do everything the need to be able to do to handle the real roads, but with all the money saved on fuel and all the money saved on not having as many accidents, it will all be worth it.

These "smart" cars are revolutionary and are changing the world, and as science continues to change and evolve each day, I'm sure we will soon aceive the goal of a car that con completely drive on its own with no human help. They take less gas and reduce the number of accidents. Who can complain with that. What do you say? Are you for or against self driving cars?