Dear principal,

I have heard your announcement that you are reconsidering our cell phone policy. I believe that you should Allow students to bring phones to school and use them during lunch periods and other free times, as long as the phones are turned off during class time. I believe this is what the new cell phone policy should be because if you prohibit the students from using the cell phones at all they will just rebel against the rules. Students are very sneaky about things and if they see the opportunity they will text other classmates during class, this will disrupt t he classroom environment. Therefore i believe that if we have a time when we can us our cell phones we will not go against the cell phone policy.

Students will rebel against it because it makes them feel invincible. If you make us leave our phones at home we will have no form of communication with the outside world. Us students will feel like we are being held against our will, somewhat like a jail. We will rebel because we just want to go against your orders. keep this in mind for future reference, especially when you're changing the policy, most students won't take it too seriously at first, no student will leave their cell phones at home for no good reason.

Think about it, we text and talk on the phone in class now, what makes you think we wont do it later; sure there are consequences for our actions but they don't think about that when they're breaking the rules. If you prohibit us from bringi9ng our cell phones to school we will do it anyway. The students won't be paying attention to class, instead they will be too busy on the phone, yet if you let us use our phones during breaks or lunch time we will pay more attention in class knowing that the cell phone can wait a couple more minutes. Changing the cell phone policy to " not allowing students to have phones in school " wouldn't be the right choice.

Making students leave their cell phones at home will make student want to use them more. Think about it if the student is using her cell phone during class when she/he isn't supposed to it can at any time go off during class. Now, if you allow us to use them during lunch time we will turn them off and then turn them back off and that makes the classroom environment less prone to being disrupted.

In conclusion you should change the cell phone policy, i agree with you on that; too many students aren't paying attention in class. But taking away cell phones for good is not a smart move. TEACHER_NAME

i have said all i can and leave it all in your hands; i hope you have this in mind when you are making the changes to our school policy, and i hope that you think about our education and how we will be ruining our opportunity to learn. i appreciate you taking your time in reading this letter.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME