Cars have helped people over the years, but has it helped the enviorment or your heath. When driving a car, the car releases gases that can effect the air around us. There are advantages of limiting the use of cars, like a heathier enviroment and a heathier body.

One advantage of limiting the use of cars is a heathier enviroment. When you are driving a car the gas in the car, is let out into the air. The gas that gose in the air can effect the air and plants around us, as it can turn to toxic. As the source Elisabeth Rosenthal explains, 50 percent of the greenhouse gases are caused by car-intensive areas in the United States. The gas from are cars are not just effecting are air, there effecting are greenhouse to. The source Robert Duffer tells us, how paris banded using cars after days of near-record pollution to clear the air. After days of no cars the air was clear again. As you can tell, limmiting car uses will help the enviroment alot.

Forthermore, Another advantage of limiting the use of cars is a heathier body. Instead of just siting in a car you can ride a bike,walk or roller skate. Also all those gases from the car wont be going in your body, effecting your insides. As the source Andrew Selsky explains, in Colombia on free car day the people hicked,skated and bicked to get where they need to go, instead of using a car. Without a car to take you places you will get exercie, which will give you power and engery for your body. A normal person should also exercise for 30 mintes a day. Also as Carlos Arturo Plaza tells us without a car you have less stress and are able to relax more. Cars can cause people alot of stress, and a alot of stress is not good for your body. Limiting the use of cars has a great effect on your heath.

Conslusion, Limiting the use of cars will have the advantages of a heathier enviroment and a heathier body. The enviroment and your body is a big thing in your life, so you would want to do whatever possible to keep it heathy. So instead of talking the car try to walk or ride a bike next time.    