Many schools have been offering their students the option to take classes from home through online or video conferencing, however, these schools do not know the real impact this change can have on a students' learning capabilities. Schools should not offer students the option to attend classes from home, because this takes away any chance of them working in a collabrative environnement, recieving guidance from teachers, and learning real life skills that will be used in their future.

In today's newer generations many children and teenagers struggle to grasp the concept of communication. Technology plays a significant role in everyones lives, however, many teenagers are trapped within their phones not being able to experience the real world which impedes them from learning basic oral skills. If schools supply students with the option to take classes from home via online or video conferencing this will further ruin any chance of them ever learning to speak for themselves. School is a collaborative environment that allows students to have a safe space to speak freely and ask questions on subjects they are unsure of, as well as allowing them to socialize and interact with their peers giving them the opportunity to meet new people. Students should not be given the choice whether or not to socialize with other peers they should be given the choice to choose what courses they would like to take; School was made for students to learn and grow in a collaborative work environment where they are taught to challenge and interpret knowledge of everyday life, one cannot achieve that level through a computer screen.

Not only will students become static and unchallenged in education if taught through a comptuer screen, they will never be given the chance to have hands on help and guidance from a teacher. One of the most important parts about school is learning how to grow as an overall person while you take in knowledge to help you in your future, but students will never fully be prepared if they never recieved assistance from teachers. Yes people can teach themselves through practicing and reading on a specific subject, however, they would have one essential piece missing from their skills and that is guidance passed down from one to another. When students are in school they are being prepared for the real world where they will have to use all the knowledge and skills learned over the years to succeeed, in doing so, they will not be left in the dust while others recieve promotions and start successful businesses.

However, if students stay home and attend their classes through video conferencing what skills will they learn to give them an advantage in the real world, how will they ever know when to apply the information learned in school? If these students choose to go to college and get a doctoral or bachelors degree, they will once again be left behind, because when they were infront of their computer screen seven hours a day the only information they attained was how to type fast and memorize information. This is why attending school is an essential part of a students life, because they are given the opportunities to grow and retain information that is essential for a successful future.

School is a safe place for students to grow and discover hobbies that one day will play a major rule in their careers. However, many schools are adopting a new option of learning i. e. online classes that can be attended from a students home. These schools do not know the true impact this option can have on a students learning capabilities. Many students will blindly chose to take courses from home because they will not have to worry about personal hygine and communication with others. In doing so, many of these students will be stripped away of any opportunities such as guidance from teachers, collaboration with fellow peers, and experience for their future.                