Dear Principal,

What I think you have chosen to do is a good idea, but I think it could leave a couple students in a bad situation. For school, the whole purpose is to get an education so that kids can have a brighter and better future in their life. But I think that you should at least keep it to a C grade and up average, because if kids parents like them doing sports, whither their un-active or they want to get a sport scholarship to get them in college. It could mess that whole thing up if they're not able to participate in sport activities. I think kids should definitely take their school lives more seriously, but not letting them go into sports to represent their school is sort of punishing them. If you don't think what I'm writing to you makes sense, then another idea I have that might be more reasonable, is that you could open a set of classes that could help raise grades. Like what we have now, Math Enhancement. It definitely helps gets that are struggling in math, so why not other classes? Plus, it raises their grades and let's them participate in sports.

And if that doesn't work out, to where the kids are getting lower grades every card marking, but you're still letting them play sports. Then I think you should take them off of their activity till at least they start getting a better grade in their classes. So then by that way, they'll understand that sports won't always get you through things in life; that education is also a very important roll we have to do too. Kids think they'll get away with a lot of things throughout their life, but they don't realize it till they can't avoid it any longer. That's why I think you should still let the kids play, even with a mid-C average for a grade. But if the kids are going to take a disadvantage of it, then by all means take them off the team/activity group. That way it'll teach them a lesson for education and in the other hand, it could give them a break off their busy sports schedule and just relax.

There's many ways to give a kid a good education and still let them play their sports. You just got to sit down with them and talk to the kid and their parents about ways to get a good grade and a fun sports experience. Also like I had written earlier in the note, you could open up more classes to help raise grades for kids or make them stay after school to do a class on teacher sessions where a group of kids work with a teach or teachers, and they all work as a group in getting a better understanding and grade for school.

I'm not going to lie, this process may take time. Yet, with patience and determination,

you can get a better school, with smarter kids, and the kids can get what they wanted in the first place; to be able to play a sports activity for their school.

You're idea for the new requirement in order to play school activities, such as sports. Is a good idea and I can see where you're coming from to come up with that idea, I just think their's other ways to avoid that conflict and to let everyone get what they want. It just might be a more "looking into" process.