Education plays an important role in the daily life of many youths. Many teenagers value schools as places where they can learn subjects, skills, and topics, as well as connect with teachers and classmates. In most cases, students are required to be physically present in class. However, there are several occasions where students miss class.

Some might not have access to transportation, some might have emergency issues, or some might be on vacation. When they miss class, sstudents might experience additional stress or anxiety, as they struggle to stay on top of classwork. Now, some schools are offering distance learning as a solution. Distance learning allow studennts to work from home or other places outside of school through video or online conferencing. Distance learning is advantageous for students because students are able to attend class despite being in the middle of a difficult situation- no access to transportation, an emergency problem, or a family vacation.

Distance learning provides students who do not have access to transportation or live far away from school a way to learn. Transportation is one of the many challenges that teenagers have to face. While older youths might own cars, many students do not yet have access to cars or other methods of transportation. Therefore, students find themselves frustrated when they are unable to attend necessary classes. In addition, some students might live at a far distance from school. These students who do not live close to their schools may have to take additional time to get to their classes. Often, they are late and sometimes, they miss their classes.

Through distance learning and online or video meetings, students are able to learn the same materials at home. Although they are not at school, distance learning provides a similar setting to most classrooms, with the teacher lecturing and students listening. Frequently, students will participate in activities in subjects such as Chemistry or Physics. Because this enables students to learn the materials that are needed, it also reduces students' frustrations about having to catch up late work or assignments.

Second, distance learning can be a solution to students who have to face emergency issues. Emergency issues are a common problem and are often unexpected. They can occur with close family members, relatives, or friends. In these occasions, it is appropriate that the students are at the location. As a result, some students who might have been planning to attend class might not be able to.

Distance learning allows students to virtually attend class at any time, rather than in a set specific time. Therefore, students who are dealing with emergency situations can be updated on the class whenever it is most suitable for them. In this way, students reduce the worries of struglling behind in class. In conclusion, distance learning allows students to not only take care of their close family and friends, but also have access to education at the same time. .

Another occasion in which students might experience benefits from distance learning is when they are at a vacation or a location outside of their city or town. Many families plan a family vacation in the school year, which require students to miss class. When they return from their vacation, however, students find themselves in a devastating position with insurmountable amount of class work. Through online or video conferencing, youths can attend classes in any setting, whether it is outside of town or outside the country. Because distance learning does not require students to be physically present in the classroom, students can eliminate their worries about being absent in class or missing a demonstration.

For example, if a student is not able to attend his/her

English class for a book discussion, they can easily connect online to participate in the activity with his/her classmates. Therefore, distance learning is an effective way that helps help students learn, no matter their location.

Some opponents of distance learning might argue that online or video conferencing might not be as engaging as being physically present in a classroom. For instance, many science classes assign labs with hands-on activities for students to participate in. However, distance learning is as encouraging for students at home or other locations as it is for students in class. This is because in many cases, labs or any other activities often are done virtually online. Online websites such as Phet Lab or any other reliable sources offer students with visual simulations that exemplify real labs. In addition, even though students might not be able to participate in the full hands-on experience, they can still see demonstrations and methods on how to complete the experiment.

In conclusion, schools should offer distance learning as an option for students. This action is necessary because students can learn important materials in different settings and locations outside of school. Whether they are unable to attend because of their distance from school, emergency problems, or vacations, students can participate in activties and learn materials through online or video conferencing. Furthermore, students can work in engaging situations through online simulations. Although distance learning offers a new and different approach, it still achieves the same purpose as a classroom by providing students with education.     