Heartbeat rising! Panic overflows your body! The person you like is talking to you but you don't know what to say! Try to remember the advice you were given and use it in this situation. Friends and family are the greatest possible people to get advice from, I know they will help me in my time of need. Advice is good whatever way you might take it because it may give you the best decision, give you more than one opinion, advice can even predict the outcome of your problem.

I always ask my friends for advice when I am overwhelmed or about to make a terrible mistake. I get incredibly nervous when I am around a girl I love, so I turn to my friends and family to help guide me to the right decision. Asking a trusted friend for advice can make your friendship stronger and can prevent you from doing something embarrassing and something you will regret. I ask advice from my parents when I hate something, or feel like I don't contribute to the team, and not absolutely sure if I should quit or do better. I ask for advice from other people and it typically gives me a prospective or a clue to make the right decision.

Asking more than one person possibly, if not always, gives you more than one opinion. You walk into class and then quickly you realized that you didn't do your homework, but when you sat down your teacher gives you advise stating, "You need to not work yourself up for something so minuscule." Sighing in relief and realizing that the teacher was right and that you need to not to stress so much about something so small. You are standing on the podium and about to give your speech, you were rewarded Valedictorian, but you don't remember the speech. Standing there in front of a giant crowd of you friends and teachers, but the only thing clustering your mind is the advice your mother gave to you before you left the house. When we grow up we realize that things are much harder than they appear and to not stress over the little things in life.

I never regretted the choices I made throughout my life, and if I do, I always keep in mind the advice people gave to me. I always talk to other people so I can see their expression in their answers so I can make the greatest choice I can possibly make. I note the expression and think very hard about if I made a huge mistake in trusting this person. Whenever I feel lonely or depressed I always pull up my phone and I talk to my closest friends and or family so they give me the best advice to make me feel better. I will forever keep the memories that I have made with my friends, and family, and apply their wisdom to my day to day life.

Advice can be received in many different ways no matter if it may help you or not, furthermore the people that give you advice love you and do the best they can being your friend. I have had many ups and downs in my life and every time I was in a very bad situation my family and friends were there to help me get through it all. I look back in history and I found a person, who was nicknamed Socrates gone mad, and he only had one possession in his entire life, a wooden bowl. He saw one young boy cupping his hands together to drink dirty water and said, "I am a fool and ashamed to have had something that will never bring me happiness." He never had anything that belonged to him because he believed that having something has no value to you. I admire him and I apply his wisdom to my daily life because he didn't give advice, but instead he lived it and people respected him for that or at least I do.