In this article " Making Mona Lisa Smile", this article tells us about how many emotions we have and how to identify them. In futuristic terms their has been a new software created to identify human emotion by just scanning facial expressions. The software is called FACD ( Facial Action Coding System) and from the paragraph it seems that it has various promising applications and for different industries. In my own opinion, I do believe that this technology is very valuable in so many different ways.

The reason why I suppport the claim of this technology being valuable is because, we can detect when something is wrong with a child or anyone for that matter. As it states in paragraph

1 " She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry".

This software has a remarkable way of just identifying your emotions and putting it into percentages.

So say if a child is depressed this software can give us the information we need to see what we can do to help a child, teen, or even an adult fight depression. This software can help us identify with mental sicknesses.

In paragraph 5 it summarizes how we can identify our friends expressions by the look they have on their face. Later on in that paragraph it tells us a doctor named Huang observes the remarkable artist Da Vinci and how he used human anatomy to help paint Mona Lisa's face. Even Da Vinci had a code to use to determine the emotions of people. The point is if we use this type of technology we can help a lot of peole around the world to identify with them, to have empathy, and mostly to help them.

Another reason why having this software as a valuable assist is because, if we unlock the science of emotion who knows what type of treatments we can do to help people who face anxeity, ddepression, suicidal thoughts, etc. Their are so many possiblities to just an expression. We can figure out what's wrong with them?, why are they this way?, and maybe we can figure how long they've been that way ? This tool doesn't just need to be used in schools, this tool can be used in the hospitals, therapists offices, etc. I just believe we use this technology we can change the world and make it will little bit better.

In Conclusion, This technology helps us in many different ways. Like for example how many emotions we're feeling and rate them from greatest to least We could discover new emotions we've never even heard . Also we could give people therapy if they have anger issues, we can treat people who doesn't even know what's wrong. This technology can do many things and solve many issues emotionally. Like I said I do believe that this technology can be pretty valuable and discover many emotions.         