Driveless cars have been a fantasy on television and in media, but in many ways, they have evolved into what could be a distant reality. As the author states, Google has been working on driveless cars since 2009. For cars that drove half a million miles without crashing, it is a remarkable step into what could be a possible evolution for cars. There might be questions and concerns on safety, but there is much thought put behind such measures.

For cars to drive on their own efficently, sensors must be put into place for the driveless car to imitate a human driver. The article states that over the past years, sensors have improved to respond to dangerous, out-of-control situations. As advancements head way, sensors on cars are becoming even more reliable and safe.

Even if a car could drive itself, applications and abilities such as texting can be turned off for even more safety reasons, according to manufacturers. Such as laws against texting while driving were made, laws will need to be put in place to ensure the safety of people. In this moment and time, cars are safer in the control of humans; to avoid confict with manufacturers and drivers, driveless cars are still not available for the public. But technology still continues to improve. So much so, Tesla is presenting a 2016 model that can drive by itself for ninety percent of the drive. Other companies such as Audi, Mercedes-Benz, and Nissan plan on producing driveless cars in the close future. Cars that drive themselves may seem hazardous, but in the distant future they will be able to eventually become safe.

Driveless cars are becoming a reality for many technology companies and are plausable for an innnovative way of transportation. There are many safety concerns, but as they are being kept in check, fear of mistakes should fall. There are many steps that go into the car for safety measures, such as sensors. Though they are still in the making, driveless cars are an exciting and plausable mode of transportation that will change the world forever. 