Many students like taking extracurricular activities.

I think students should take at least one extracurricular activity.

Students could participate in sports.

Many students also take educational courses as an extracurricular activity.

These activities can help make friends.

Sports are good extracurricular activities.

Sports help stay fit.

Moving fast is a big part of sports.

Soccer helps with stamina.

I used to be able to only run for 2 minutes without stopping.

After playing soccer, I can run for much longer. Baseball improves hand-eye coordination.

It improves because when the batter is batting, he has to look at the small baseball and try to hit it.

Sports are good for many things. Even extracurricular activities.

Students like to participate in educational courses as extracurricular activities.

Educational courses help by improving smartness.

For example, a science class after school teaches students about different topics in science that are not in the school curriculum.

They can be good preparation for a future test.

I take an SAT preparation class after school that prepares me for the SAT.

An educational course after school can also help you if you are having trouble.

Courses for different subjects can help you understand the topic you are studying in class.

Overall, educational courses make good extracurricular activities.

Extracurricular classes can help make friends.

Different classes have different subjects so they have people who share interests.

For example, a class that teaches people about engineering might have people that want to be engineers.

A friend might be taking the same class and he might have other friends taking that class.

I made a new friend in an after-school class because my friend taking the class had another friend in the class.

Another way to make a friend in the class is helping them and becoming their friend.

Someone might not understand something that they are teaching so you can help them and be friends with them.

Friends are important and extracurricular classes can help make friends.

Students should consider taking at least one extracurricular activity.

Students lie taking sports.

Educational courses are also good options.

Friends can be made through these activities.

Extracurricular activities are helpful in many ways and I strongly suggest taking at least one.