People sometimes have a different opinion than others and that is fine. For example, my brother and I have a different opinion on what the best sport is. People having a different point of view is a reason that our society works so well. If everyone had the same one than our world would be kinda plain and boring. Learning different opinions is also important so you can see the impact your point of view has on your decision . Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because you hear different thoughts that people have, you can learn something new, and it will help you become more creative.

First, hearing different opinions can help you make a better decision in many ways. One way is when people give opinions they are trying to show you that there opinion is right. For example, if I were to say that soccer was the best sport, than I would give you all the evidence that I have to show that it is the best sport. When you ask multiple people most of the time you will get different point of views. When you get multiple opinions than you should pick the one you believe in. In conclusion, getting different point of views is a good thing to do when you are making a decision that you need help with.

Second, you can learn something new from someone's point of view. Something that you may learn from someone's opinion is the good and the bad from there decision. When someone is giving you an opinion they may have had to make this decision before. This person can explain the good and the bad part of making this decision. For example, if someone were to tell ask me for my opinion about going to Generic_Name Park I would tell them that it was a lot of fun but it was also very crowded. When you are given a opinion you should try to learn from that persons mistakes but also learn the good and the bad . Overall, there are many ways that you can learn from someone else opinion.

Finally, you can become more creative and use new ideas you have. When you hear the ideas of others, your brain starts to put things together and you come up with a new decision or idea. For example, when I listen to my mom giving me advice about something, I become a little more creative in my idea and decision. You become more creative when you are listening to the mistakes they made but also the things that ended up working in there decision. When you get new ideas you should'nt be afraid of using them. Finally, when you are listening you just need to get creative and come up with new ideas.

In conclusion, getting opinions from other people can help you in many ways. Hearing others decisions and mistakes can help you make a smarter decision. When you learn from others mistakes you make the decision they should have made in the first place. When you get all these opinions your brain starts to come up with new ideas and you become more creative when making your decision. Listening to other people and there point of views can make a big difference in what you think afterwards. Overall, to make a smart decision you need to listen to the mistakes that other people have made so that you can make a smart and good decision yourself.  