Dear Principle,

Having a B or above isn't really fair for the student that has bad grades and wants to be in that sport.

Many kids try hard and study for the tests, but some just cant pass. Even making a

C average it wouldn't be fair if the student doesn't get to play that certain sport he or she wants to play. Yes, some kids are lazy and don't do anything or even try to study for a test or quiz, but if they want to play a sport that has nothing to do with playing sports.

Sports and other activities are what make students happy rather than just doing work all day long. Just think about it, if you had to sit around studying all day would you be happy? Other students that study hard might agree with the policy change that you are presenting to the school. If a child is failing because of sports then yes they shouldn't be aloud to play sports and do other fun things. Schools all around the world probably think the same thing as you do.

There are many disadvantages for not letting kids play sports and do other activities.

Such as complaints from parents or even the students. Some kids might even consider going to a different school. Fun and sports are all part of a kids everyday life and if you take that away, it will take their fun spirit away. Another disadvantage would be lack of health.

Children wouldn't get the workout that is needed to keep their bodies healthy. Kids around the world need to have some fun sometimes or they will not feel like studying. Students might definitely think differently about you. Health is a big issue in this world today and playing sports really helps make the body stay healthier.

Even though there might be disadvantages there are also advantages. Students who have a low grade might do their best and work really hard to bring it up so that they can be in sports and do other fun things. Kids might have better respect for you and listen to you more.

When a benchmark or CRCT comes up they might pass instead of not studying and making a bad grade. This policy might get more students to get themselves together and become smarter. If it was me out there and I was doing bad I know I would definitely work hard to pick up my grades so I could do other things. Another advantage to you might be that the whole school becomes a lot smarter and kids learn more then they would have if you would of let them keep doing bad on their work and playing sports at the same time.

Please consider talking this policy over with the other teachers and see what their advice is.

If you come to a decision please also consider if it is the right one and the best choice to make when it comes to our school. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

one of your students