In the article the author wrote positives and negatives about self driving cars I am going to write about the positives of the slef driving cars bcause in my opinion self driving cars would be a great thing to have.

In this prompt im going to write about self driving cars. I think self driving cars would be a good thing to have because if you have a baby in the car and their bottle fell on the floor you could turn around and get it because you would have a self driving car and you wouldnt have to worry about getting in a wreck because the self driving cars like the prius have sensors that make a three D model of evrything around it so it can drive like a normal human did. I think that everyone should have a self driving car because they seem to be a safer car if the driver gets distracted easily. I also think they would be safer because googles self driving cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash. Google cars are not truly drivless the car alerts the driver when its pulling in or out of a driveway, dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents. An example about the Toyota prius being safe " spinning sensor on the roof, dubbed lidar , it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the cars surroundings. The combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel.

Sensors on the self driving cars have started in the 1980's automakers made speed sensors for the antilock brakes. Within 10 years the sensors had become more advanced to detect and respondto the danger of out-of-control skids or rollovers. The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine , allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone. All the improvments to computer software and hardware is making driving safer and leading to cars that can handle more and more driving tasks on their own.

Everything in those two paragraphs are telling about how safe the self driving cars are and how they operate and in the last paragrach they talk about how they are becoming better with all of the computer software and hardware improving. All of this information is why I believe having a self driving car would be safe and a good idea.