Dear , Principal

I think we should not be required to do community service if we do not want to. Making someone do community service is wrong. I think that if we want to help out and do community service it should be our choose know one else's. Community service is a nice thing to do for our earth ,but making someone do it is not right. People should want to help our planet out because they feel like helping not because someone telling them what to do. Making the planet a better place to live on is a good idea. More people should try to help out there community. If someone was telling me what to do i know i wouldn't do it. No teenager or anyone is going to be happy about someone else trying to boss them around i know i don't like being told what to do. Most teenager , if you tell them no they go ahead and do it anyways because know one wants to be told what to do. Plus its enough problems with our parents bossing us around now we have our principal doing it. which really doesn't fit me so well. I think everyone should get involved with working hard to keep our world safe and clean. So if just a little amount of help would do something. Even if you cleaned around your house would help. Doing dishes would even help. For you are principal to ask so much out of us kids is wrong. I mean its bad enough we have to keep our grades up at school ,but now your asking us to do more. Community work does take up a lot of your time of hanging out with friends and doing your homework. You should at least try to help out a little though. If you are hanging out with your friends outside and you see trash on the floor. Why couldn't you just go over to the trash and pick it up it's really not that hard. If your anywhere in the world and you see people littering tell them it's wrong and pick it up. Its not that hard going a couple more minutes and taking trash to the garbage can. I don't think though we should be told what to do. So I think we should at least take a vote on who wants to not be required and who does. I do not agree on making us do community service, but i do agree on making are world a better place to live on.

Sincerely , STUDENT_NAME