Have you ever felt like, if I was told by there opinions to stop or to keep going, I would have stopped or been able to not give up? That has happened to me before. when I was ten years old I was at the Generic_City mall with my older brother Generic_Name, and my younger brother, by 6 months, Generic_Name. I really wanted a little surprise box from a store that we were in, but didnt have any money. I took the toy and put it in my left side of my blue hoodie and tried to acted like nothing happened. We where about to leave the store when Generic_Name saw that I had took it and grabbed it out of my hand. I got in trouble with my mom because my brother told her, but I learned my lesson. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make better choices because they will get you out of trouble, keep you safe, and you can also help others too.

First, peoples opinions can help others by keeping you out of trouble. when a person does something bad or thinks about doing something bad they might do it if they dont think straight. If someone helps them by telling them, " Dont do that," or " thats a bad idea." They might say that they were not thinking straight and go on there day without doing that bad thing. I once told my little sister, who was about to take my mom's bracelet, to stop and put it back because my mom will get mad if she takes it. She told me no and took it anyways, my mom found out that it as gone when she came home from the store and found out my little sister took it. She got in big trouble and told me that she was sorry for not listening.

next, peoples opinion can help others by keeping you safe. someone might think bad thoughts about many thinks like, killing them self or others. If you talk to them and tell them how you feel and ow they should not do it, they won't. I watched a movie that was about a young girl who had parents that hated her, brother was a bully to her, and had no friends. She was becoming suicidal, and she was planning to kill her self. On the day she planned to do it was a day were she would be home alone because her brother had practice and her parents had work. When she went to school she saw that there was a new girl and her name was Generic_Name. She looked very shy and scared because it was her first day at school with no friends. After class she went to talk to the little girl and they stared to become friends. The little girl told her about how she wanted to kill herself and Generic_Name told her, " No, you shouldn't kill your self, it might seem like no one likes you but they do! you nice, funny, and fun to play with." That made her day so much she forgot about the hole thing.

Lastly, peoples opinions can help others by, you helping others. Some one that might be your friend might need to be told not to do something too. Someone you love might do something bad and you might have to tell them not to do it. You can show them that its going to be ok. You can help others by making sue there ok, telling them not to do something, or even to do something. You should always help others when they dont know what to do or if they are going to do something really bad.

In conclusion, other peoples opinions can help make better choices in many ways. If people do this, there will be less crimes, people dining and people getting hurt. If people dont do this, people everywhere will be bad it hurt. You should listen to what I have to say because this might make a change in the world and make our population grow. 