Imagine if you only had one person/option to ask for help. That would be kind of difficult to learn new stuff and opinions. Asking multiple people for help is better than one person because you can learn more from different people. Three reasons that state my point are, people can get more ideas, they can hear different opinions, and they can learn more.

Asking multiple people for help can get you more ideas. These following are explained examples of why you can get more ideas from just asking more than one person. You can learn what other people say. When people learn what other people think they get more ideas. Another example is they can get more details on what their asking for. When people only get one answer it has to be correct, but when they get more than one they have options to choose from. Also, if people ask more people for answers they will have a more detailed response. To be fair, its hard to ask multiple people because its hard to find people that always give the right answer, but thats why we ask different people. All of these are explained reasons of why its better to ask multiple people rather than one.

People have different opinions. These are examples of why asking multiple people for help is better than asking one person for help. Not everyone has the same opinions. every one has different reasons or examples so people could get more details. Another example is that there could be better opinions than others. If there are multiple answers there is more to choose from. Also there are more resources. Using resources people can choose which answer they think is most likely correct. These examples are why having more options for help can help someone make a better choice.

Someone can learn more from asking more people. Asking more than one person to help can help things be more understandable. It helps people understand that there is can be more than one answer. Another example is that you can learn more about the question your asking. There could be a question someone is asking about, and that person changes their opinion a lot. Asking more people for help helps you learn more. If there are more choices to ask for help the more people learn. I want you to try this, try asking more than one person for help and see what information you find.