Car usage has impacted the earth in numerous ways; both for good and for bad. Ever since the production of the car during the industrial revolution, transportation from place to place was easier for everone to be able to go to work, school or on a vacation to a distant place. This invention has changed American life as well as the lives of many others in the world. Although, the creation of the car did have some downfalls. Passenger cars are responsible for the 12% of greenhouse gasses that are emitted into the earths atmosphere. Limitting car usage would be beneficial to the earth because it would help to lessen the damaging gasses being submerged into the atmosphere.

Reducing the use of your car would make navigation on the street much easier. For example, "in this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway. With the reduction of cars being enacted store are able to be in street for easy access. This allows for stock to be brought up because many of the stores wont be a long, stressful drive away. not only stores but work would be much closer and wont involve long hours in a car every morning.

Since there will be no car usage involved, the streets will be much safer to roam. The accident rate in decrease drastically. lessening the use of cars will allow for traffic to be cut in half. This would help to decrease the death rates that are caused every year. No driving would be beneficial for many. There will be no drunk drivers making the streets an unsafe place to be. the world will be a much better place to live in once cars are limitted.

Decressing the use of a car would make life less stressful. People wont have to worry about driving long hours, paying off their cars or worrying about car maintainence. This will make life easier to focus on much important tasks such as school an his of her career. Thats less payments and more money for something else. Removing this machinery would allow for the debt rate to drop as well. Less people will be bankrupt and have money in their bank accounts to save.

Lessening car usage would allow for a cultural shift occur, and change the way people live their life all over the world. Car usage should be reduced because this will allow for people to be more productive and less tranportation time because stores will be much closer than ever before. The reduction of cars will result in less accidents and property damage among many cities.            