Would you learn better by taking online classes at home? Many children are home schooled for different reasons and take online classes to complete their education. Yet, most students perfer to attend school to accomplish and to better understand their education coming from a real teacher. Students would benefit better from attending school in a building enviroment because students are able to communicate with each other, better access to educational resources, and a understanding of subjects by attending classes.

When going to school, you are able to socialize with friends and fellow classmates to better your education. Many students benefit from communicating with other students because they can help each other out with assignments. For example, I was in history class and when we were given an group assignment to complete by the following week. I decided to partner up with one of my classmates and we used our knowledge to get the work done. By working hard, plus rationalizing our work we were able to finish the assignment a day early. By working together, we were able to use our heads to pass the assignments with flying colors. Having the chance to socialize with other students help create a better educational enviroment for the students. This results in better grades and student involvement during school hours.

Some assignments can be hard to complete by yourself without any help. When taking online classes, you have no access to teacher references or input. For instance, I was having trouble with a math assignment and I couldn't figure out what to do. I tried using the internet, notes from my class, and textbooks from school; yet, they still didn't help me how to figure out the assignment. I asked my teacher one morning, before the assignment was due, to help me understand the work properly. She guided me through every problem and answered my question of uncertainty. By math class, I turned in the assignment complete and my grade came back with a perfect score. When attending school, teachers are there to help you at any time. They are resources that you can't get from anywhere else. By using them as resources, you are highly to get a good grade and understand the information more efficiently.

By attending school, you enter class with a teacher in the room explaining the lesson. While the teacher is teaching; she gives you tools on how to understand the material properly. Thus, the teacher is giving you tips and tricks to have the information and on how to use that information wisely. For example, I was in math class and we were about to learn a new lesson. During the lesson, the teacher gave many short cuts and tricks on how to understand the material more effectively. After the lesson, she gave us worksheets to practice some problems to understand the information. I used the tricks she showed us and was able to do the exercises without a problem. When going to school, you are exposed to new material in a classroom. By being exposed to this new material, you are able to understand the information being given better with the tips and tricks the teacher is showing you.

Does attending school help you better benefit you in your education? Many students attend school because they want a good education. They want a good foundation to help them prepare themselves for the future. Having the exposure to an educational enviroment helps them get the tools they need to support themselves in real life. Thus, giving students a benefit to secure a good profession and be ready for independent life. 