Unmasking the Face

The face on Mars was really not a face on mars. Some people say it is a face but I believe it is just a formation on the planet. They have taken 3 pictures and 2 of them prove it is a mesa on Mars. The proof of that is that they have taken pictures in 1998,2001, and have compared it to a landform in the USA. People who believe it is created by aliens suely hasn't seen all the evidence behind "The Face."

First of all, when people saw the face in 1976 they couldnt have had o believe an aliens as making it. How could have there have been a person on Cydonia or an alien. That is why they went back to Mars to prove some scientists' theories wrong. On April 5, 1998 the Mars Global Surveyor had flew over Cydonia for the first time. The surveyor had a picture that was ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Some people were not satisfied because it was cloudy on the Red Planet. They said that the alien marking were hidden by blaze. Compaing the picture of 1998, it certailey looks more like a regular rock on a surface. They went back four years later on a less cloudy day to still prove the believers wrong.

On a cloudless day the Mars Global Surveyor took away a piece of evidence of aliens in space. On April 8, 2001, four years later than the last visit to Cydonia, the surveyor captured the photo much better than all pictures and proved tha the face was a natural platform. Each pixel in the 2001 image spans 1.56 meters, compared to 43 meters per pixel in he best 1976 Viking photo. The photos were astonishing and made the face be un masked.

Jim Garvin, a chief scientist, said that "It reminds me most pf Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho. Thats a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the ame height as the Face on Mars." They are comaparing it to landforms on Earth! How much more evidence can you ask for.

The face on mars has been a fraud for being an alien landform. All the evidenc shos all the people and my friend that the "Face" is not real and just a landform accordin to a ver clear picture and an explanation from Jim Garvin.