The New Smile Technology

What does the face do when you smile? Our faces do a lot of things when we express something. With this new teachnology it can help in a lot of ways for example teacher could know if the student understand the lesson. The expression of student could be like smile,worry,or even confused.

Sudent can have alot of expression in class. If they're taking notes in class. The teacher is explaining the lesson and asking questions. If a student smile or noddes at the teacher. This shows that student have a good comphression about the lesson. According to the article it said,''According to the Facial Feedback Theory of Emotions,moving yourfacial muscles not only expressions emotions,but also may even help produce them.''

Student can also show worried because maybe they might not understand the lesson. This new teachnology can show the teachers which students feel like this so the teachers can talk to them. This can also help if the student is getting bully in school. The new teachnology can show if there lying beacuse it knows a fake smile and a real smile. According to the article,''They even indicate the difference between a genuine smile and a forced one.''

Student can feel confused because of the lesson of the teacher is teaching. They might not understand the teacher explaination about the lesson. When they show confused there eyebrows get close and there mouth get together. This technology can show teachers how student is having a difficult time in the class. According to the article,''A classroom computer could recognize when a student is being confused or bored.''This shows that the teachnology is helpful for student.

This teachnology can be so helpful for student because teacher can know there expressions. The teachnology can show the teacher the expression that the student have. The teachnology can show if the student fake smiles,worry,or confused. The teachnology is valuable for show the expression of the student. The understanding of the students in class.   