Using technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because I don´t think we need social media to tell us how we feel in a classroom setting because as students we know what are facial expressions are like. For example, happiness is one of the expressions that people use everyday without this technology telling us if we are happy or not which I would argue is against this think it is unreliable. According to the text it states that ´´moving our facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even help produce them. Another reason why I think using this technology to read emotional expression to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable because I just don´t see it as helpful really and everybody has different emotions happy, sad, mad, or proud. So that is why I don´t think this technology can help figure out emotions in a classroom.

The technology that we use to determine emotions in a classroom can be through social media and how I think that it is not helpful at all. For example, a lie detector is a tool to tell whether you are lying or telling the truth which I can see is helpful but really not that helpful at all that´s what we got courts to go to and if somebody did something in the classroom to attract facial expression we can tell by the look on their face and how they reacted to the situation which is why we got counselors to talk to when we are faced with personal issues or just having one of those days. Another reason why the the technology like FACS according to the text wouldn´t be helpful for students in a classroom setting is because all though technology can determine facial expressions when used in the reak world I don´t think it can determine emotional feelings students have in a classroom. According to the text it states that ´´a classroom computer could recognize´´ when a student is becoming confused or bored´´, Dr. Huang predicts´´. While that may sound good I just think it´s bias and would never be used because we can determine as humans if students are confused or bored by how the class is or questions on an assignment.

In the classroom technology I don´t think could handle what we feel as students emotionally on the inside and outside in a classroom whether it be the whole day of school or the last day of school. This brings me back to my point about the students being confused or bored in a classroom really because if a classmate is bored their expression would be mad because a teacher would talk a lot or a student might take a lot of time with a presentation by talking for a lot of minutes, or another way might be yawning or sighing. Technology wouldn´t help the cause of emotional emotions when a studet loss a loved one and a student would have to miss a day because they had to go to a funeral for the person that died, and anytime students here that they grieve and start crying. That is another reason why technology would not be valuable to read certain emotions.

Using this technology like FACS could not read certain emotions because number 1 it wouldn´t be able to tell what students are feeling in the classroom. Number two I don´t think it would be as resourceful when describing emotional feelings inside and outside of a particular student in a classroom environment. And the last one would be that it wouldn´t be able to tell if a person is confused or bored. I just don´t see the value of technology proving anything to us about how students feel in a classroom. That´s why technology wouldn´t be valued as a reliable tool.

In conclusion, I am against the value of using this technology to read students emotional expressions in a classroom because it wouldn´t be helpful. It wouldn´t be valued as the greatest thing to help determine students facial expressions like happy, sad, bored, confused, or mad. It would be a waste of time just using the technology for that particular situation with students in a classroom. This technology would fail and not meet the requirements or standards of facial expression. I would advise people to go against the people that are for technology being valued as a way to read facial expressions.       