These days with such a huge emphasis on education there should be different options available for different ways students can learn and distance learning should be one of them. Distance learning would allow a student to receive the same level of education they would at a public school, but at their own pace in an environment that feels safe for them. Distance learning can offer a multitude of benefits and make learning more accessible to every student. Distance Learning would help many students, including: students suffering from severe illness, students who learn better in at home environments, or those that have been bullied or harassed.

Distance learning would help those suffering from illness that may be required to stay home or not leave a doctor's care. Many illnesses or diseases can compromise a person's immune system and make going to school dangerous for them. Immune deficiencies are diseases that, from birth, in many cases lower a person's white blood cell count in their body making it so they can't fight off a virus or bacterial infection like most people can. Schools are not safe environments for people suffering from immune deficiencies because classrooms are not steral and any number of germs could be lurking on a desktop touched by hundreds of other kids. Another disease that might compromise a person's immune system and make them unable to go to school is cancer. When a person undergoes chemotherapy the chemo is killing off the cancerous cells, but it can also kill off the good, white blood cells too. This makes it so they are more susceptible to contracting illnesses that could make them even more sick. Often times doctors don't allow students with these types of illnesses to go into an environment like school because it is not clean and safe. Distance learning would help these students because they could learn from the safety of their home or a hospital where they are less likely to get more sick. These students should not be set back or stop their learning just because they can't go to school.

All people learn differently and for some the classroom environment may not be the right place to learn. Classrooms can be too distracting for some. Sometimes even the slightest bit of noise can prevent a student from being able to focus or listen. In every class there is always that one kid who taps their pencil or foot and it may help them focus, but it can be debilitating for others. The constant tap tap tap sound could distract them from what the teacher is saying or prevent them from focusing on what they are reading. Other students, that are not suited for the classroom style of learning, may benefit from being able to set their own schedule where they can learn at their own pace on their own time. Being the last student in class to finish a test or having a teacher not understand why you need more time to finish an essay or project can be extremely frustrating and distance learning could let students set a pace and time line that is best suited for them. Distance learning can also give students more help and one on one time with a teacher. With distance learning the teacher would only need to focus on one student and they would be able to formulate lessons around that student's strengths and weaknesses and base the lessons on their needs. Distance learning can provide students with a more controlled learning environment that would help them excel in their studies.

Students who have faced bullying or harassment can be scared to go to school. Bullying and harassment can traumatize a student and make it so school is no longer fun to go to or safe to go to. The fear of being made fun of or being hurt can take over and control a person's life. This can cause students to develop fear based anxiety because they are afraid that it will happen again and they constantly worry about it happening again. School can be seen as a dangerous place by some because they were harassed because of a religious belief or their gender. No student should have to face being targeted because of a belief or their gender and distance learning can help students recover from being bullied. They wouldn't have to learn in fear and being at home would help them feel safe while learning. The argument can be made that distance learning could hinder someones social skills; however, in the case of someone who has been bullied or harassed it can actually help them. Sometimes bullying can make it so a student is scared to talk to people for fear of being made fun of, but if they are learning away from those who bullied them it can help boost their confidence. Also, distance learning can give a student more time to socialize because they can set their own schedule, they wouldn't be surrounded by the same people everyday, and they could go to different places to learn. Distance learning can help students learn in a place where they can share their opinions without fear or without being bullied or harassed.

Distance learning can be a very beneficial option for many different types of students in different situations; whether they are too sick to go to school or the school environment is just not right for them. Sick students would benefit from being able to learn without fear of worsening their illness. Distance learning would allow students, who have trouble learning in a classroom environment, to make and build a learning environment best suited for them. Learning from a different environment, other than school, would also help those students who face bullying and harassment. Distance learning should be made available to students from every background and every county. Learning should not be prohibited or lessened because of circumstances out of a student's control.  