My position on the driverless cars after reading this article is that I am against them. I am against them for many reasons. The first one being that if the driver is not ready to take over the wheel at any one point and time they could end up crashing the car or something else bad happening. My second reason is that why have a driverless car if it doesn't know how to navigate through road work or accidents on the road. After I am done telling you my side I will then tell you the reason I think the driverless cars can be a good thing and then finish it off with a conclusion.

My first reason for being against the driverless cars is that if the driver in the car isn't ready at all times to take over the wheel he or she could end up getting hurt or hurting someone else and it wouldn't even be thier fault. I think if it's a driverless car it should be a driverless car the person in the car should be able to be doing whatever they wawnt inside the car while the car drivers for them. "This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requres." The human driver shouldn't have to be ready and any point and time i think the car should be able to handle everything road work, accidents anything.

My second reason is why have the driverless car if it doesn't know how to go through the road work or accidents. I think it should know how to go thru the road work, accidents, and all the traffic around the town or on the highways. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." The car should know how to do this stuff on it's own or it's not really a driverless car. You still always have to be ready "just in case". So what if you need to do seomthing on the way to where ever your going and you cant do it because you have to be ready in case you need to take over the wheel.

But on the other side being for the driverless cars there are a lot of very good things that can come from using the driverless cars. One good thing about the car is that they have a lot of sensors and cameras on them. They also thought of a good way to make sure that the human driver in the car is prepared to take over. " The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." There are also other options " Other options under consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up display." People were also thinking about a camera that watches the human driver watching the road so that they are remaining focused on the road at alll times.

In conclusion I have told you that I am against the driverless cars as of right now. I am against them because if the human driver in the driverless car is not ready to take over the wheel at anytime things could go wrong. Alsomy second reason is i think they should be able to steer through traffic, road work and accidents. But the cars heads-up stuff and doing the things to make sure the driver knows when they need to take over the wheel is good thing, also all the sensors and cameras are a very good thing to be on the car.