What I think about driveless cars is that it could be benifitual to the everyday workaholic but not the someone who doesnt plan their day. There are positive things to having driveless cars and their are negitives things too.

Some advantages to having driveless cars would be it would be less car accidents. That would reduct death by car accidents. Another thing would he would give you time in the vehicle to do the things you need to get done before you reach the destantion your going to, such as if your going to a meeting and you have a powerpoint to finish. They also would make roadtrips or long drives more safe because human errors would be gone if the human isn't driving. As the passage says the driveless taxi system would use less fuel and more flexable than taking a bus route. For bigger cities this would be a great way to keep emmissions down and keep this air cleaner.

However, their are some negitive things too. Like would the driveless car have the sensor capability to slow down when on a bumpy road or driving in the direction of a large pothole. Then you would have to worry about a blow out or damage to the driveless vehicle's wheels. You would have to think about repair costs of the vehicle's wheel if it has a bunch of sensors too. I would think that the driveless vehicle would have trouble in a rural area or on farmland where there aren't streets, just dirt roads. I would also think what would the vehicle do in the event of a crash on a freeway? would it stop and shut down in the middle of the roadway, or would it need the human to take control during the accident? Also what if the vehicle was in the path of an emergency vehicle? Would the driveless car be aware? The idea of something going wrong is too great of a chance.

With all the innovative ideas about driveless vehicles on the roadway, Im unsure if its a good idea or a bad one, but I do think it would be something to use for a big city and see how it would work out. It is a cool futuristic idea but are we effecient enough to trust vehicles to drive themselfs safer than a human? Im not sure but, its a good idea to try. 