Students might feel more comfortable taking online course classes or video conferences just because they feel like their home is a safe place and they don't feel safe at a public school. There are ups and downs into taking online course classes, students may or may not have a teacher or guide to rely on for help they basically have to learn by themselves. Parents might think online is best for their son or daughter because of the fear of bullying, sicknesses, peer pressure, or corruption to the student. The amount of school work given in an online course is more than public school and it teaches a student more efficiently just because there isn't thirty other students in the class so the online instructor only has to worry about one student and the course could be finished much faster than public schooling. I honestly think taking online school is better even if i have to pay, but also it is a better education and I have no distractions at home so i can concentrate on my school work and gave a good GPA.

Bullying is a serious case nowadays and parents take is seriously because of the impact it has on their child and that child may not want to go to school the next day or not go to school at all. It is a well known fact that bullying is in every school and some times it goes too far and the student might end up getting hurt by the bully or may even hurt themselves. That is why multiple parents decide to go with online course because they won't have to worry about bullying, their son or daughter not wanting to go to school, and getting physically or mentally hurt. Even if the student tells a teacher, yes the teacher might say some thing but that does not mean the bully is going to stop there he or she is just going to keep going harder than before every time someones says some thing. If bullying is such a serious problem why doesn't the school have a really strict policy or take reports more seriously, this is why kids or parents prefer online or video schooling more.

The school work given in a public school is normally on paper, but when it comes to online it's either on a website or maybe on Google classroom. Everybody knows that old "my dog ate my homework excuse" well with online courses the student wouldn't have any excuses to not turn in their work because it is not on paper. Most students either forget it at home, tear up the paper, or just completely forget they even have the assignment, but when it's on technology they can do it right away and turn it in once they're done with they assignment and have no excuse on why they did not do it. Homework maybe hard sometimes and students may or may not have help at home, the student could just video call their teacher or guide and ask for help and not have to worry about failing or not understanding the assignment. The work load given to a student in school can be little or no help but in online course you are given much harder assignments that will help you become a smarter person, it all depends on the student and the way the learn.

Most people know that teachers have over one hundred students depending on the subject they are teaching, and with only having one student they only have to focus on that person and only about his or her education. The teachers have to grade multiple papers and may stress themselves out but it is proven that online schooling finishes much faster than public schooling just cause there is only one student to teach and grade work for. Public schools average school days is about one hundred an eighty-eight days and online course is a certain amount of hours or amount of sessions students have to attend to. The average school day is seven to eight hours of work but with just four to five hours; the online course student shows just as much effort and better scoring than a student going to a public or private school for seven or more hours. Teachers can teach better with just having one or two students and can grade assignments faster, teach the course faster, and help out the student a lot more than public education could.

To some people school is not a safe place, they prefer to stay at home and take their schooling there that's why parents sign them up for online courses. From a personal experience of bullying i would rather take online because teachers, counselors, or any adult may listen to the issue but it doesn't mean that they're going to do something about it or help you out. There may be ups and downs and one of the downs is that students may have little or no friends and very little contact with another being or may not have a teacher or guide to rely on for help. The amount of work given inside of school is very little and shown poor scores but in online the work load is more and its more efficient on them and teaches them more. Another thing is peer pressure, corruption, or illnesses in school because everybody knows that some students have hygiene problems and can get another student sick causing them to miss school and information that they need.