The Seagoing Cowboys program is a great way to explore the world and have a great time. Joining this program makes you a hero. You help cattle that are shipped overseas. This is an opportunity of a lifetime to explore different countries and meet new people. You have an opportunity to travel across the Atlantic and Pacific ocean. You also get to go to different countrys that you have never seen before. If you are up for a challenge and you want to change the world, join the Seagoing Cowboys program.

Tons of people have join this program and it has changed their lives. For example, Luke Bomberger and his friend Don Reist joined this program right after World War ll was over. They joined because they wanted to make a difference and help people that were in need. They had a lifetime experience. They got to travel across the Alantic Ocean 16 times and the Pacific Ocean twice to help people that were affected by World War ll.

This progam brings fun into life as well as challenge. In this progam you get to have tons of fun. There are sports you can play in the empty holds that the animals. These games are played when you return on trips after the animlas have been unloaded. They also have tournaments like table-tennis, fencing, boxing, reading, whitling, and other games that heled pass time. In the empty holds they would have big baseball and volleyball games.

This job is fun but you also nhave to look at the dangerous side. Luke Bomberger, on his second trip, served as a night watchman. His job was to check on all the animas every hour. One rainy night, after making his hourly report to the captain, he slid down a slippery ladder on his backside. His heart raced as he shot feet first toward an opening on the side of the ship. A small strip of metal along the edge stopped his slide. This program is very dangerous but very fun at the same time. You have to be aware on this job but still have fun at the same time.

This job is a lifetime opportunity that you would not want to pass up. It helps change the world by helping the animals that are in need. It also helps the people in different countries that need someone to help them with their life. This job as dagerous setting but is also really challegeing and fun at the same time. Luke Bomberger said "It opened the world up to me. I'm grateful for the opportunity and it made me aware of people of other countries and their needs." That awareness stayed with him, leading his family to host a number of international students and exchange visitors for many years. This program is a great way to interact with other people. Are you up for a challenge?           