Dear State Senator,

The Electoral College has a negative impact on this country because it has ufair voting that can cause massive problems to the government. Electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. People should have the right to vote on which president they think is fit to run this country. People are hardly know which elector they are voting on.

We shouldn't vote for electors that we don't know. Elections should be held by popular vote because Elector Colleges have a unfair advantage since there vote counts not ours. According to the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradfor Plumer states, "Faithless electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please." The fact that the Congress has unfaithul electors that are supposed to be supporting whomever candidate they choose is a massive unfair problem. Popular votes and Electors votes are the complete opposite. For instance, accroding to the article "In defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" by Richard A. Posner states, "It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush yet fewer electoral voters, but that was the first time since 1888."This is unfair and confusing because the electors shouldn't be deciding on what candidate should win. The peoples vote should conclude which candidate is going to win.

Since the first Electoral college was created it has been the same eversince. It is majorly outdated and has to be solved now. According to the article :What is the Electoral College?" by the office of the Federal Register it states, "The founding fathers established it in the constitution as a compromise between election of the president by a vote in Congress and election of the president by a popular vote of qualified citizens."There is suppose to be vote from the congress and a vote from the population. I think that the congress should be part of the voting that all the qualified citizens are in. There shouldn't be two different parts of voting because it will confuse who is the winner.

The government should have a voting system that is both equally fair and decisive because right now everything is mixed up and it will bring great problems to the campains. More and more people will want to stop voting because they do not trust the electors on there decisions. This will cause a great decrease on voters which will impact the populations vote on which President is the winner. According to the article "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradfor Plumer states, "the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse. Those electors could always defy the will of the people." A solution must be done to prevent any more disasters that can be on there way.

In conclusion, Electoral colleges have a unfair system that could cause negative problems to voting and to the elections. The elections will be confusin and unproffesional. But the government and the people of America can help by changing this and will approve a fair decisive system were all citizens get to choose which president shall win not the type of electors.

Sincerley, Student.                     