Are driverless cars going to use half the fuel we use today? Are these cars safe for travel? The dirverless car is said to fundamentally change the world. The first driverless care was created by Google in 2009. This car has traveled over a million miles to different places with no crashes. Even though the car is called "driverless" it techniqually is not. The driver would still have to take control of the car when traveling through traffic, passing an accident, or traveling through road work. Even though the driverless car has sensors, anitlock breaks, and driver assistance is it safe?

My position on the driverless car is undecided. I believe that this car has outstanding safety features but it also has some down falls. The outstanding features that this car has include getting the drivers attention if need and driving assistance found in the car. The car is to get the drivers attention if the road ahead requires human skills. For example the drivers seat can vibrate or flashing lights found on the windshield can aleart the driver that they need to take control of the car. The down falls of this car to me would be the ability to not be able to see something aorund the car. The driverless car has many sensors, which is good until they break. If one breaks and the driver does not know then the car could wreck and hurt others or the driver. Also another down fall is the cost of the car. If something breaks on the car the price of that part will be very expensive. I for see only people with higher incomes having these cars.

If I decided to be for the car I would like all of the safety features found on the car. I would feel safe while traveling in this car because of the features. The driverless car would be a good family car and would also help save money. By saving money this could allow a family to do other things with each other instead of using it on a car. I think the driverless car is a great idea for the new generation but I feel that the older generations will turn this car down due to unkown facts about the new car.

If I decided to be against the car I would have an unsafe feeling about the car. The dirverless car has many sensors and safety features but what happens when those break while driving. If they break while driving will the car wreck? Will it aleart the driver? How do you know when a sensor has gone out? All of these questions are left unanswered. This car could be a huge distraction to the driver and other people around that car. This could cause accidents, death, and severly injure people. I would rather be in a car where I am in control and I don't have to worry about my car taking care of me.

The driverless cars created today have magnificent safety features but are they safe? The cars safety features include sensors, antilock breaks, and drivers assistance. The first car was made by Google in 2009 and has traveled many miles without a crash. I believe that there is good things about this car and bad things. A good thing about this car is all the new technological safety features put in this car to keep everyone in the car safe and everyone around the car safe. A bad thing about this car is what happens when the sensors break. Does the car tell you? Are you suposed to check before you get in the car? Do the sensors even break? There are many questions left unanswered to me and that makes me be against this car being allowed on the road. 