The Electoral College. The system that our founding fathers had set for us to choose a leader of this country. It has been used forever and some poeple may agree that we should keep it. But others understand that we should change the voting system so that the election is more fair. I believe that the United States should no longer use the Electoral College to elect our president because I feel that we should have a more direct vote so that the person that most people actually want in office will be elected and so that all of the states can hear each candidates campaign so they feel like their vote actually takes part in the election.

To begin with, I believe that the United States should start to use a direct vote to choose our leader so that the winner of the popular vote actually gets to win and so that the peoples votes actually matter. It seems only fair that if you win the popular vote from everyone one in the country that you should win the race but with using the Electoral College the desicion will always vary. For example, during Al Gore vs Bush, Gore had over 60% of the nations vote. Most of the people wanted him as our acting president. But due to the Electoral College Bush ended up winning the election. If the people actually did have a say then Gore wouldve been elected because of the popular vote. When using the Electoral College your vote wouldnt be apart of the actual election. Your supposed to elect an elector to vote for you. So truly your elector has all the power because in the end they are the one choosing who your state has voted for.

Furthermore, the Electoral College shouldnt be used to elect our president because it makes it unfair to voters. With the winner-take-all system in each state the candidates dont spend time to try and campaign in all of the states because they think they have no chance of winning in that state. Every state should be able to see the campaigns for each of the candidates so they can have an actual choice. If campaigners spend most of their time focused on the swing states how would they know if they had a chance of winning over any other state that they thought wouldnt vote for them. For example, back in 2000 seventeen states didnt see any of the candidates or a single campaign ad. That is basicaly telling that state that their vote doesnt matter.

In conclusion, The Electoral College has major flaws in it that are easily exploited. The people dont get to vote for themselves, instead they put their vote in the hands of an elector who, in the end, has the final say on who the state votes for. Also the Electoral College, which has a winner-take-all system, excludes some of the states from actually seeing a candidate which makes it seem like their vote is irrelevant to the whole election.                    