Advice given from one person is rarely credible. Unless given by a professional, it comes down to what a person thinks is right or their overall preference. To sum it up, receiving opinions/advice from various people, both different and similar, is extremely necessary in some cases and could always help better one's decision making process. This can apply to many different situations, for instance a decision being made by a government regarding international relations or simply what flavor of juice a father should buy for his 4 kids at home. While the two scenarios may seem very different, they both have a few key points in common. A president wouldn't make such an important decision without being thorough and receiving the opinions of diplomats, generals, and so on. The father would ask all 4 children what their preferred flavor happens to be to find which flavor is preferred amongst the 4 children, not 1. Such thorough methods are very beneficial and could prevent bias, shed light on everyone who is affected by a certain decision, and promote the majority agreement.

Bias, when making an important decision, obstructs the decision making process, which can easily be avoided by asking multiple people for advice. Bias can be identified by one's tendencies to make decisions based upon their beliefs or relationships. This can include many things such as political beliefs, religious beliefs, being attached to something/someone, or even relating to one's situation. All of these causes of bias, consciously or subconsciously, have an effect on one's opinion or the advice that they may give. When multiple people give advice on the same subject the answers will vary. This means that if one person has bias the overall it will most likely be balanced out by others' opinions or maybe balanced out by someone else's different bias. Overall, bias is an easy way to spoil advice or a decision being made, and can easily be solved by asking more than one person for advice.

Giving advice is difficult and keeping everyone in mind while attempting to satisfy multiple parties isn't always easy, which is why asking for advice from at least 2 or more can be helpful. Most likely everyone has given advice before, and the reason someone may be asking for advice is because they don't know how to satisfy all parties involved. This problem is eliminated when multiple people give their input and opinion. While one person may not be able to find the solution, the next may have a solution. If not, the solution could a blend of two different types of advice. Some people may have also been in the same situation and know what it's like. This, while it may cause bias (which can be avoided, as previously discussed), is beneficial and could allow for one to open their eyes to others involved and how they're affected. Some people may overlook others, or maybe not even realize that they will experience and fell the lasting effect caused by a decision being made.

Lastly, most likely the most important reason for asking different people for their advice is that it promotes the majority agreement. Finding what most people think is best is a simple and easy way to find what advice should be taken. A common occurrence and agreement from many people will likely lead one to making the right decision. Going back to the second example in the introduction (flavored juice), the father wouldn't ask one of his kids for their favorite flavor and buy it. It is very possible that one kid wanted orange juice, but the other three preferred apple juice. In this case it makes more sense to buy the apple juice, since it's what most people prefer. Buying the orange juice would be inefficient in pleasing his kids. A democracy would function the same way. One citizen isn't asked what they want, the opinions of all citizens in said country are taken into account.

All in all, reasons such as finding what the majority agrees upon, how all parties are affected, and avoiding bias are all reasons that point towards asking more than a single person for their take, perspective, or opinion. As previously mentioned these ways of making decisions apply everywhere. Whether it be a simple decision with little to no weight put on the decision, or decisions that will affect millions of people across the globe. Everyone provides input and puts lots in perspective. It highlights what may have been previously overlooked and solutions that weren't thought of. In conclusion, it's simply safe and thorough.