The fire tripled in size, and it had reached my ceiling before I knew it my whole kitchen was on fire. Here how it happened, I had asked my friend for advice on what should I do if the oil catches on fire. He told me to just pour water on it. The oil caught on fire, and I poured water on it, and you can guess what had happened, the fire tripled in size. Everyone agrees that we should always ask more than one person for advice, but sadly not everyone does it, and it can have daring consequences. I say that everyone should ask more than one person for advice because, it gives then more of a better understanding on the idea, you can see if someone is incorrect about the advice they gave you, and it is usually safer and better in general to ask for advice.

Asking more than one person for advice can give you a better understanding on the idea you are asking about, and it you can learn more. Lets say that for an example, you were asking about how to make your computer faster, and you learned new things about how a computer and how the parts of a computer work. For another example, you wanted to change your cars oil, but forgot which tube is the oil one. I ask someone for advice and know you know where the water or the liquid cooler goes just in case your car breaks down. For instance, you wanted to know where to put commas, so you ask for advice and after a couple of tries you now know where periods go instead of putting commas there. That is why it is better to ask more than one person for advice, because you can get a better understand of the idea and learn more.

Asking more than one person for advice is much better than just asking one person, because you can see if they are incorrect or not. For an example, I asked ten people if I can use eggs that have only been expired for a day. Everyone said no it is expired do not use it, except for one person who said it is okay to use, I was able to see that the one person that said it was okay most likely incorrect. For another instance, I asked my four of my friends if the mall is closed today, three of them said it is not closed, but one person said it is not closed yet. I can see that the person who said the mall is not closed yet is most likely wrong. Furthermore, I was not able to decide which car faster, so I can buy it for the race that is in two months, so I asked six of my friends for advice about which car is faster the BMW or Mercedes. five of them said the BMW but one of them said the Mercedes is faster, so that most likely means that the person who said the Mercedes is faster is incorrect.

Asking some people for advice instead of one person is better, because it is safer. For an example, I went to the doctor to see if I was sick, but the doctor said I was not sick, but I had showed symptoms of being sick, so I went to see two other doctors, and they both said I was sick, and I really was sick. For another instance, we were hiking in the woods when a venomous snake bite me. I urgently asked all of my friends for advice, one of my friends quickly advised me to suck the venom out, but the rest of my friends stopped me from doing it, and instead they put a really tight bandage around my leg. Now instead of losing my life I survived, because I had asked more than one person for advice. For the last example, I was modding a car, and I was going to buy a fake part, so I asked four of my friends about it. Three of my friends said do not buy it can make your car catch on fire, but one of my friends said it was okay. I did some research online and I had found out that the fake car part can actually make your car on fire.

Whoosh, the fire had tripled in size, and the whole kitchen had almost burned down. That all happened because I had asked only one person for advice instead of two or three or more. Before you do anything and you do not know exactly what to do, ask more than one person for advice it will be worth it in the long run. Asking more than one person for advice is much better because. you can get a better understanding of the idea and learn more, you can see who is incorrect, and it is much safer. That is why I state to always ask more than one person for advice.                          