Venus, often referred to as Earth's "twin" is an astouding planet in humanity's solar system.

Venus measures out to nealry the same density and mass of as Earth and is sometimes even the nearest planet to Earth as well.

Humans should find studying Venus as a neccessity to human survival because of the advanced intel that NASA and humans all aorund the world could contain, society on Earth has came up with numerous ways to explore its challenging dangers that Venus envokes, and Venus is worth the exploration because the things soicety can learn and takeaway to help further Earth and the way that Earth functions.

Venus, without a doubt, is a worthy pursuit despite its dangers.

Venus and Earth are extemely similar yet different at the same time.

Many years ago, in paragraph four, Venus was, "...covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." thus implying the similarities Earth and Venus both share.

Also, "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." this being a description of Venus, Earth has all of these qualities as well.

But in contrast, Venus's surface today, "...temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater that what we experince on our own planet." thus explaining that the temperature and atmosheric pressure is extremly different than what Earth is today.

To make up the these dense hazards that Venus portrays, NASA and many sister companies on Earth have came up with thorough plans to match that dangers Venus depicts.

For example, because of the harsh temperatures on Venus, NASA has envisioned a blimp-like structure that would hover close to 30 miles above Venus, decreasing the temperature about 630 degress and far enough up in orbit to decrease the atmospheric pressure to about equal to a submerged submarine in the ocean.

Thus doing so, NASA could get closer to Venus despite the dangers of extreme temperature and pressure to unveil intel and knowledge about Venus to help expand what we know about Venus.

Another idea that NASA is working on is with the study of electronics made from silicon carbide.

These materials can withstand Venus conditions. To go along with these ideas, other people came up with computer systems from pre and post World War II era.

These computers cn operate and calculate without using technology sensitive materials like today where they got heated easily.

These computers can as well withstand harsh temperatures and pressures that Venus envokes.

Furthermore, through old and new elctronics, and bolstering ideas with different materials NASA and society on Earth can safely study Venus despite the dnagers.

To add, by pursuing Venus society can learn neccessary intel to help further Earth and the way that Earth functions.

For example, by making the trip to Venus, scientists on Earth could study and soon figure out more analogous similarites to Earth and Venus.

They could also help as find out more about how society's world on Earth operates and functions through geology and weather and other things like the the way volcanoes erupt, the earthquakes the Earth has, and the lightining strikes that happen on Earth.

Therefore, with the travel to Venus, society can expand its knowledge on how both Earth and Venus works through the studies that scientists can perform.

In conclusion, by taking the initiative to take on the challenges of Venus, society can gian intel for themselves and for Venus as well as answer unanswered questions that society has had forever.

Thus doing so, society's lapse cannot be stopped by the dangerous challenges it envokes but be stopped by society's dense imagination. 