Although teacher-designed projects are much easier to maintain in grading terms, student-designed projects are ultimately more likable. By allowing students to create their own projects allows them to learn in a way they prefer and improves grades. Students who chose this will also get the benefit of researching what they enjoy and makes them more motivated to complete the project.

Being able to have choice in what students can make for their Summer project is better for their grades. Overall, students preference for what they choose to educate themselves in tends to make them excell in that topic. Studies have shown for years that students who are forced to complete projects by the teachers expectations fail considerably more than students who are able to choose.

By allowing students to choose this rout, their grades would increase.

Keeping students more motivated in their work is a key factor to getting things done. Topics that a student is interested in improves speed and quality to a great extent. Several schools were tested for this and research shows that the school with the option for students to create their own project got their projects done five times faster than the other schools who did not. These students highly appreciated and loved the work they made for the fact that it was hand picked by themselves.

Although, Some students may enjoy their choice and design of projects, some teachers may not. Students who lack creativity could possibly be lazy to the oppertunity of a self designed project, which makes it very hard for a teacher to be able to grade. Teachers cannot measure a grade for some lazy students for choosing something easy, this making the grading process even worse.

Nonetheless, Student-designed projects generally are better. Making a student-designed project continues to allow students to learn better at their own pace. By doing this increases speed and quality of work. A choice in what they get to learn outweights the bad apples of the student body. Giving a students the choice to make a Student-designed project would change how schools opperated in a whole new way. 