"The Challenge of Exploring Venus"

Striving to meet the challanges of Venus has valve , not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimadating endeavours. Venus is a good place for exploration because, it has some features that are analogous to those on Earth and,

it allows Scientists to float above the fray and also NASA is looking back at an old technology called Mechanical Computers .

Venus is a good place for exploration because it has some features that are analogous to those earth. In the article, it states ,"Venus was probably covered largely with Oceans and could have supported various forms of life , just like Earth .Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth" . Also, the article states, " The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familar featires such as Valley ,Mountains and Craters . Venus has features of the Earth surface such as oceans and valleys , it is an interesting place where peolpe would like to go and have fun .

Venus has become an exicting place for people toexplore because National astronautics And Space has made it easy for Scientists to float above the fray . In the article, it states ," The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has one particular compelling idea for sending human to study venus . Also , the article states, "NASA's posssible solution........Venus would allow Scientists to float above the fray".

NASA is sending Scientists to make it easy for vehicles over Venus to avoid the unfriendly ground conditions .They want Temperature to be toasty , air pressure should be close to the sea level on Earth and radiation would not exceed Earh levels but make it survivable for Humans.

NASA has found another old technology called Mechanical Computers instead of using mobile phones that can cause explosion . This has made it easier for the exploration of Venus . In the article ,it states, "Another project is looking back to an old technology called Mechanical Computers".

Also , the article states , Modern computers are enorously poewerful , flexible, and quick" .

In conclusion ,Venus should be an exciting place to study because it has some features that are analogous to those on Earth ,allows Scientists to float above the fray and NASA is looking back at an old tecnology called Mechanical Computer . 