"From the moment a person is born, they are entitled to the right to choose." Loathing going to an extracurricular activity is no fun feeling for young scholars. I

strongly disagree with the decision of having every student participate in an extracurricular activity because it can problems for other activities they do outside of school, takes away their ability to choose, explore and find new hobbies, and can effect a students academic performance.

A large percentage of students have something extra going on outside of school and adding onto it wouldn't be okay. For example, student who has to work to help their family is already taking on a lot. They have school life and family to think about. If a student were to be forced to choose an extracurricular activity, that would put more stress on them to keep up with said activity and the life they already have. Another example would be if a student has to take care of younger siblings or sick family. Having to go to that activity would force the student into a corner where they can't take care of their family properly. The parents may not have the time or money to get a caretaker or to it themselves. Last of all, it could change how much time a student has to themselves. Having time to rest and do something fun is necessary to keep from being too stressed. Less time to rest means the scholar can feel more stressed and could effect their moods.

Young scholars need to experience having a choice in what they do so they can explore themselves. Young students thrive off the ability to choose when they are given a choice.

Making a student choose may cause them to lose the curiosity of finding new things on their own.

Scholars would lose interest in the activity they have had interest in later in life if they had discovered it themselves. Activities like playing sports, helping with the year book or being on the council will put unnecessary pressure on the student to make choice they didn't want to. Extracurricular actives give students the opportunities to find themselves but if they are forced to make that decision to quickly, the point of it all is lost and they may feel trapped

.

Academic performance is the most important part of adolescences school life. For instance, students who need to do extra studying and work to keep their grades up will lose that time. That activity will take up more time in their lives and force them to put down the book more often. That will deifnelty make a students grades suffer depending on the activity. This could effect a scholars ability to get into a dream collage. When I students grades start dipping because of an activity, the collage they want to go may reject them because of that. Hearing that they didn't get in may put them in a position where they have to settle for a collage that won't help them with their future goals . Lastly, students who do sports may have to give them up because of their grades. This will cost them scholarships and big opportunities in their future. For some students, that could be detrimental to their future because not all families can afford collage fees.

I

adamantly disagree with the unfair decision of scholars having to be in an extracurricular activity. It can problems for other activities they do outside of school, takes away their ability to choose, explore and find new hobbies, and can effect a students academic performance. The negative effects in will have in their future are too risky. 