Driverless Cars Are Coming!

Think of all the movies you seen about cars driving by themselves, well they're becoming real. I actually like the fact they're making driverless cars, just like at the beginning of the article, imagine a new future full of technology. By 2030 they'd probably have robots cooking home meals, and tubes passing through out the sky and connected to other tubes for transportation. People wouldn't have to use so much money spending on gas trying to fill their cars up.

Today's world we have better technology where these driverless cars are getting better. There are cars with the ability to start up without an key, just push a buttion. We have cars now that knows when a accident is about to occur, or when an padestrian is near. Imagine driving in your car, and you take your eyes off the road for just a second and a child is in the middle of the street. Driverless cars will break itself and prevent injury to you and the child. Even for emergency vehicles or construction work, it will alert you that it's near. Some cars have self parking, meaning you could get out your car and watch it park itself just by hitting a button. Without hitting other cars, reversing on it's on, and even controlling the headlights if it was to park into a place somewhere dark. It's amazing what our future is becoming!

I believe they have a car that could drive itself. Say you're going on a roadtrip, and the vacation spot takes 24 hours to get there. Your car would drive to that destination while you rest. If your driverless car sees a human, animal, or object in front it will stop it self, there's sensors all over the car to detect that. Some driverless cars have cameras, you would be able to see your blindspot if you were driving. If you wanted to back up into a spot put couldn't see, they will turn on the camera video and you could watch how close you get to an object. These cars even make loud noises or make your seat vibrate to alert you of being to close. If you have a text or call come in, instead of taking your eyes off the road to reach for your phone, they have voice command where you can say "answer imcoming call" or many other things. There have been over a million car accidents caused by the drivers or even the car itself, but with the driverless car your safety is garenteed. The driverless cars are much safer for the driver, passengers, and even the outsiders. This is why I'm not against the development of these cars.