To many people, the Face is not an alien made landform. NASA has done plenty of research to find out what the Face was, and their research does not lead to that. The people who do think that this is an alien made landform have not done as much of the research to figure it out, since they do not have the same high technology equiptment that NASA has. Many people think that the Face was made by aliens, but I believe that it is naturally formed, and it just happens to look like a face.

There is no real evidence stating that aliens are real, or that they have ever existed. There has been research done, but no clear evidence that they are real, leading to the conclusion that most people think that they are not real. The Face, to some researchers, looks like what is similar to a mesa or butte. This is a natural landform that looks like a landform you would typically find around the American West. The differences in the pictures over the years help explain why the Face is not alien made.

The pictures over the years change gerastically. In

1976, the picture is pretty blurry, looks smooth, and almost resembles a face on a statue. In 1998, the picture looks a little more like itself, a little rougher, and it does not resemble a face as much as the first picture. Lastly, the picture in 2001 looks more like a landform and is a little rough, but it is a much clearer picture than the other two. The last picture still resembles a face almost, but I believe that that is just a coincidence. NASA did plenty of research on the Face.

NASA has done a lot of research on the Face to prove if there is life on Mars or not. The Face was found by one of NASA's spacecrafts called the Viking 1, which was taking pictures of possible landing spots for the other spacecraft, Viking 2. They let the picture out to the public, which got really popular really fast. The Face was really popular for 25 years! After those 25 years, they decided to get a better picture of the face. The picture turned out to be ten times sharper than the original photos. The pictures showed that the photo was a landform. Some of the scientists were not satisfied, and had to get a better photo, which still showed that the Face was just a landform.

The Face was a natural landform on Mars that happened to look like a face. Although many believe that it was created by aliens, the evidence shows that it is just a landform. The three pictures that were taken help compare and tell us why it was not alien made. There is no evidence stating that aliens are real, so it is not a valid conclusion to state that aliens created the landform. The evidence shows that the Face is, in fact, just a landform which coincidentally looks like a face.   