Raise your lips at the corner of your mouth

Then squint yopur eyes slightly,to produce wrinkling at the corners of your eyes

Holding that,rasie the outer parts of your cheeks up, toward your eyes

You are no smileing if your did each step that smile eman your are going tom like my awso,e essay and are so exited to red it so let me start.

I think that the facs(Facial Action Coding Systen) is really a good project to be in our schools when kid like us every day use the computer and do test or even other thing like programs that help us get our learning we get very frutrated and no one really undertsand how we really feel but now with a facs we will not be alot the tecaher will know.

For example im opened a program that will help me with math and they put this hard equation on the the screen i need to answer it but if i don't know it will really change my mood but the computer after looking at me have trouble for a while and my mood they can switch the question to one a little more do able or give the teacher a hint that a student need help. That will really help school all over the nation also the author also had a same thought like mines.

On paragraght 6 he said that it could tell when a student is confused and it could modefy that lesson it could be like a effectave huamn instructor'. that why

I think that we should have the facs in our computer at schools they will change the whole learning program. To do what we can do that will really help us cause that way it will cha ge the whole learnig priogram and help us kid ni get a stressed at such a young age makes us not want to come to school like that there wil also be morwe kid at schol and less dropouts. facs lets us work harder and what we can really do till we work hard enought to get to the level we need to be to succefull in life.

Faces techlongly will also be usefull now that our genration in schools is advancing we now have alot of computers and each and every day the schools all around the world get more and more advance tech the schools is going to be vertauily a computer in a couple generation. this is my points why i want facs in our schools computers .