Dear principal,

I heard about the decision that your thinking of making community service a requirement for all students. Now some of my friends were complaining but I honestly couldn't agree more with the idea. What could be so bad about simple community service? All you do is spend a couple of hours doing something that can benefit you in the near future. For one thing, my cousin is now in high school and she needs credit to graduate. Community service will help her complete her hours faster. Another thing is that sometimes you learn from the experience. And all together you have something to do so you don't somehow end up in trouble. Let me show you what I

mean.

First and most importantly, for high school your going to need credit in order for you to graduate by senior year. That's where community service comes in handy. You can pick a job like maybe volunteering at the Senior Citizens shelter everyday after school for a few ours. My sister RELATIVE_NAME has been doing this since her freshman year in high school and is now a sophomore and already half of her credits are complete.

Now my moms friends daughter on the other hand is in her first year of high school. She started her credits earlier on in middle school because she wanted to become a nurse. She went to the hospital every Saturday for community service and helped take care of the patients. She would come home everyday telling her family about this and that and how she learned how to talk to her patients and make them feel at ease. In the long run you get a learning experience out of it and now she is sure she definitely wants to become a nurse.

Further more, if every student is required to do community service then it could help students stay out of trouble. After school you could be doing something useful with your time instead of doing wrong, like selling drugs or fighting. If you are required to do community service,

chances are the kids will spend more time doing just that and less time laying around and looking for trouble because they'll be too busy to think about anything other then that. Other wise they don't pass high school.

Okay so its obvious I'm on your side with this and I'm sure you'll make the right decision. Those are only a few reasons why I think this should be an enforced rule and there are plenty more. I justified myself long enough and I hope I made my point clear. I'll let you get back to your job and I hope you make the right decision. Community service should be required because it helps you finish needed credits, you learns from the experience and it'll help you stay focused on your future and NOT

what isn't good for you.