Dear State Senator,

I am in favor of changing to election by popular vote for the president of the United States and I know I'm not alone on this one. "Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all, in their life time agreed on? Answer: Abolishing the electorial college!" That's not enough well, "Over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." 60 percent is more than a half, now it says over

60 percent which would be past 60 percent. Remember the disaster factor

, it is unfair to voters, and what if there is a tie in the electoral vote.

First of all, lets just take it into thought that it is unfair to voters. How? Well, "Beacuse of the system winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance in winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" state." In 2000, the campaign that was going on, well 17 states did not see the candidates at all. Also, including Rhode Island and South Carolina. What about the fact that, "Voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single campaign ad." Not even one. Some might say that it doesn't matter if they have a campaign ad or not, believe me, I've heard it before. Having a campiagn ad shows people what you want to do, how you want to help, how you want to make a change, ect... I don't understand how unfair it can be to people.

Second of all, what would happen if there was a tie in the electoral vote? Well then, the election would be passed to the House Of Representatives, state delegation vote on the president. "Because each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, representing 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represnt 35 million voters." The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe.

Third of all, lets just go back to memory lane and revisit the

Disaster Factor

. This was the single best argument against the electoral college. "The Americans people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century;the system allows for much worse." State legislatures are technically responsible for picking electors. "In the same vein, "faithless" electors have occasionally refused to vote for their party's candidate and cast a deciding vote for whomever they please...." Want that to happen again now?

Thank you for reading and understanding my point. You have an opinion and I respect that, but I also have one too. Sometimes they just need to be heard. So lets just say that it s unfair to voters, there could be a tie, and lets not forget the Disaster Factor. "The electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. Have a good day.

Thank you for your time.     