The New Policy Change That Can Benefit All.

I think that the policy change is a great idea. The students need to have something to motivate them to do their school work and get good grades. Sports are the perfect motivation. Students are very serious about their athletic ability. Some students only think about the special sport they play, and live only to play it. They need the motivation to do their school work and study for assessments, and the way to do that is to tell them if they get anything lower than a B average, then they wont be able to play on their sports team(s).

Discipline is the way to go when it comes to schoolwork. The students need to be told what to do, otherwise, they think they do whatever they want, be lazy, and not care about their schoolwork. Yes, it is great to do sports and to be active, but school always comes first. At least, that's what my dad always said.

Some students just don't understand the point in school, and why it's so important in your life. They don't know that your grades now effect your chances to get into the college you want, or the high school you want. School is to get you ready for your life career of your choice. Your career effects your life; your pay, the things you want to buy, the things you need to buy, activities, and more. I think students just need to understand that school now effects everything in your life, and you always have to try your best. Even if you have a bad teacher, or a good teacher, you need to make it work for yourself, and study hard every night, the way that's best for you. I'm not saying you have to do school work 24/7. You need to have fun too, you have to have some kind of balance. But always, school work is first.

Sports aren't as important as school, so I think if the students aren't up to working hard in order to play the sport they love, then that's alright. They don't need sports. They can for sure live without sports. What you can't live without, is a good education. Over all, I think the policy change will benefit many students here in SCHOOL_NAME.