Dear Senator; the electoral voting system should be abolished it is unfair and un-democratic electoral votes are not the votes f the people and thats all that should matter but there are countercaims that I will address. when aperson votes they do not actually vote for their candidate they vote for a group of electors for that candidate electors who may not even vote for the candidate they are sworn to. the electoral voting system is extremly unstable there are an even number of electoral voters in the united states making a tied vote a possibility which is very bad. Even though electoral votes are suposedly based on which candidates people vote for it does not at all mean that the candidate who most of the people voted for wil also be voted for by the electoral college.

The electoral voters are seperated by state and each state has its own number of electoral voters proportional to their population. because of this candidates change their campaigns to only focus on stateswith more electoral voters while this makes sense from a competitive perspective it makes it extremley unfair to states with smaller populations. This is wrong in many ways but the worst of all is that the electoral voting system encourages this kind of copetition

The electoral voting system is un-democratic the united states prides itself on being for the people and freedom but the electoral college represents the exact opposite of that. the electoral college votes not the people. the people are not voting and that is the exact opposite of what the united states supossedly stands for. Anyone who learns about the united states and sees the electoral colege will think that the united states. is not all its cracked up to be and that is not what the united states wants is it?

in conlcusion the senator you should definetly try to work toward abolishing the electoral college as it is un-democratic because it does not allow the people to have a direct say in who they are voting for. it is a very volatile voting system that could cause crashes and severities in the united states by aving tied votes and such. the electoral voting system uncourages some states to be left out by unfair competition because of the unstable way the number of electoral voters are balanced between states. And the electoral college essentially goes against everything the united states stands for and is supposed to believe in.    