Would you want a software to track your emotions? Facial Action Coding System is now enabling a computer to identify human emotions. This would allow your computer to read students emotions by weighting the different units to identify mixed emotions. As proven by Dr. Huang who studied human anatomy using the muscles to precisely convey emotions, I think this is a great idea.

First, by using Facial Action Coding System this will allow teachers and staff to know how a student is feeling during a test, or assignment. If a teacher knows how someone feels when taking an assignment they might go easier on the student in class, and give them extra chances to do the assignment at another time. Teachers don't always know what a student is going through. Every student is prepared to be ready for a test in a certain way. Some students often take a longer time than others. The recognition of a facial espression could easily tell a teacher how they were feeling about it all along.

Secondly, most students go through a lot at home, or even in school. Many students are diagnosed with many mental stabilities such as ADHD, ADD, anxiety, and so on. The guidance administration can help a student who has these mental stabilities by seeing how they feel while they do assignments, and tests. Seeing how a student feels would give them the chance to get help, and have them seperated from the room to help them focus on certain things. Not all students will come out about how they feel; Some keep to themselves and don't want to talk about there problems.

Finally, a computer seeing how you feel could make your day better. If your computer sees that you are sad it might put up a funny ad to make you laugh. If your computer sees that you are angry it might put up a calming, or soothing ad. If your computer sees that you are faking a smile it might put up something that will make you turn your fake smile into something real. Like Dr. Huang stated " Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication. So computers need to understand that, too."

In conclusion, the new technology called the Facial Action Coding System that enables computers to identify human emotions is a good idea. This will allow students to have a better shot on there assignment, or test in school. Usuing this will often give students more of a reason to smile, and feel more comfortable.