According to the Washington Post, there has been an increase in student population in schools around the U.S. they are being crowed with more and more students every year. Because of this more students in the future will need to take online classes at home instead of going to the school and doing so. Being able to do class work at home, will benefit the students that live far from the school; they attend and make it easier for them to get the education they still need. Distance learning will also help the students manage there time better. Because of the fact the students don't have to go and spend time at the actual school. The travel time it takes the students to go and come back from school would not be a factor anymore if they attend online classes in there house.

A reason distance learning could benefit students is that it could improve student attendance. If you were sick and could not go to school you can work on the things you will miss at school. Another thing is that for the students that struggle with transportation to get to school on certain days; instead they can finish the school work at home which would be easier instead of stressing over how they are going to get to school. The way it would benefit students is that it will help them focus more on work than instead of focusing on transportation to school.

This could also benefit on the days that school gets canceled. For example school gets canceled because of a snow day or some other reason. Something that is really big on news right now is the outbreak of the Coronavirus. The U.S. is deciding to close schools in certain states around the country. Distance learning could benefit by if some schools were to actually close, it would not affect student education as much as it would if there was not a way to learn at home. If there was a snow day and some parents did not want there kids to walk to school on the sidewalk because it was dangerous; and they could drive them either because of the fact they had to go to work. A easier and safer way would be just to have them do the school tasks in there house. In the past when it rained or snowed really hard and the next day I had to go to school sometimes the roads would be flooded or their would have been an acident that prevent me from getting to school. In those cases it would be nice to have the option to learn from home instead of going through the trouble to figure out a way on how to get to school.

In some cases it is better for the students to work at school than it is at home. A reason being is at school they can meet new friends and be in a better working and studying envoirment. Another thing would be that their are less things that could distract you from completing work. For example when you are at home you have all your computers, phone, TV, and things like a Xbox that could get you distracted or off topic. When you are at school their are friends that can distract you to but when you are in class it is hard to do anything else besides work. The reason is that your teacher won't let you go on your phone or talk to your friends as much before you finish with your in class assignment. A Benefit from going to school is that a lot of the things that you learn come from talking or hearing it from people at school. So if you attend classes at home instead of going to school it impacts some things that you could actually learn from going to school. A lot of the things I have learned in my past is from talking or asking a friend how to complete an assignment, if you are at home and have nobody to talk to it is not as beneficial as it is going to school.

The fact being that their are benefits from learning at home and learning at school. Because when you are at home you can get distracted easier cause their is no teacher that is watching over you to complete your assignments. But when you are at school you are surrounded by other kids that could talk to you and disturb you on doing your work. Their are pros and cons in both situations but having the option to attend classes at home is better than not having the ability to. Because of that I think that distance learning is better in most cases cause it gives you more options in how you can complete work.