Mars has many landforms, but there is a particular one that is peculiar. The landfrom is known as The Face. The Face was spotted by a space surveyor in 1976 and has been a mystery to the world ever since. Some people say that this landform was made by alien life on Mars, but with facts from NASA and other sources you could see that those people are wrong.

The Face has had many theories made up about how it was made and if it is even real. One of these theories is about how or who created it. This theory is about how NASA is hiding the fact that the face was made by some type of alien lifeform, which logically makes no sense at all. Finding life on another planet would bring in a gargantuan amount of money for NASA so it would seem completely illminded to hide something like this from the people. NASA can only wish they knew about an alien lifeform.

With this new discovery people and scientists demanded for more proof on how it was made. Throughout the knowing of this landform three pictures were taken of it. The first of pictures was in 1976 when they first found it and camera quality was not very good. With not a clear image, and the need for answers, NASA sought out for another picture and got one during a cloudy winter day in 1988. This picture did come out clearer than the other but still was not perfect for scientist and people to be one-hundred percent sure how it was made. So the wait began to get another picture. Finally in two-thousand-one NASA used a new, high-resolution, three-dimensional camera to take an outstanding clear photo of what they concluded to be a mesa, common in the American West, just with the physical pheatures of a human face.

In conclusion this outstanding land form on Mars had the world stuck asking this question, "Is there alien life on mars?" The Face was a mystery to science for almost thirty years only to be proven to be just another landform on Mars. To conclude, this landform is nothing more than a naturally occuring lava dome. 