What if we always knew what everyone was feeling? It sounds like it would be great if we could always detect one another's facial expressions. However, every human being has a different individuality which sets them apart from everyone else. That individuality is what makes that person unique, and can effect the way that a technological device percieves them. Everyone thinks differently, learn in different ways, and expierence different things.

While it seems like reading the expressions of one another may be a good thing, you cannot depend on the technology when you do not even know how accurate the technology is. By the way that the technology is described, it seems that the process reads one's emotions based off 6 basic emotions: happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. However, humans feel much more than these 6 emotions. We can feel emotions such as confusion, passion, and boredom. If the technology is basing some one's emotions off those 6 universal emotions, the data cannot be completely accurate because those emotioins do not work together to create boredom or even confusion. The feeling of confusion is a comeplelty different emotion, it is not affected or made up of one's happiness or anger. A person cannot detect confusion simply from reading only 6 universal emotions.

"'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored.' Dr. Huang predicts. 'Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor,'"(D'Alto). While that would be particularly useful in an academic field, it may not work as well as anticipated. Every human being is unique and different, so therefore, they can become confused for different reasons or get bored of different things. What one student may find boring, another may find quite interesting. If that lesson plan changes for the student who is becoming disegaged in the lesson, it will affect the other student who use to find the lesson interesting, it may cause that student to then become confused or disinterested. That is a flaw with technology, it cannot benefit everyone equally because every human being is uniquely different and can be affected in different ways.

Many tend to hide their true feelings simply because they do not want others to know their true emotions. To read students' emotions in that way is an invasion of one's privacy. When people are sad, they hide that feeling because they either do not want to think about what is making them sad, or becuase they do not want to make the people around them sad as well. Reading the facial expressions of people, especially those who conceal their emotions, is similar to reading one's thoughts, which invades their private thoughts and emotions. When some one is hiding their emotions, that is their private feeling and should not be shared nor invaded unless with permission granted by that person.

All-in-all, the technology cannot be proven to be accurate since it can only read 6 emotions and many people expirence a much more vast variety of emotions, than the simple 6 universal emotions. Including the fact that everyone is unique in the way that htye think and project emotions and thoughts differently. The technology also cannot change the plans for students effectively since a change for one student could harm another student academically. And finally, to read one's emotions, including the emotions that they conceal would be invading their privacy. People hide their emotions for a reason, and those emotions should be kept to them, they should not be read because they are considered one's personal thoughts. 