What is your favorite memory as a child? It might be playing football, basketball, or running. But obesity can have affects on some people. I agree that all students should participate in at least one extracurricular event because, you can meet new friends, you may learn a very valuable skill that you will use everyday in your life called time management, and If you give it all you got then you may be able to shave off a few pounds. These are the reasons I think that you should participate in at least one extracurricular event.

Meeting new friends is one of the special parts about being human. However their are some people that can't do this because they think to themselves "I dont have anything in common with them." However their is a solution to hopefully break this invisible wall of silence. A person can try out for the football team or try wrestling. People have a lot in common if you dont judge a book by its cover.

Time management is one of the most important parts of our lives. It determines when you go to lunch, when you leave work, or how much time you get to yourself. Learning this skill now can be very helpful in the future. Learning the perfect balance between sports and school may not only affect your social life, but may determine if you pass or fail. After all this may be the most important skill you will ever learn.

Obesity affects millions of people each year. A person can be judged by their weight, appearance, and so much more. However we can overcome obesity one pound at a time. Some cases of obesity reports have found that people who are a obese have a lack of energy. If we require a student to play a sport or some form of an extracurricular activity, the student will have more energy or more will to do an activity.

Students don't always have the freinds, time management, or body shape they want to have self confidence. A lack of self confidence chould lead to personal problems in the future. But if we require a student to particapate in a extacurricular activity we chould change this. All people, "that I know," want to live a steady life with no worries when they mature and get older. but without self confidence this can be really hard.