The Battle for Control

In the near future, driveless cars will become an inevitable reality. Their a supposed solution for most traffic problems the world posseses today. No need to worry about drunk and reckless drivers anymore, the answer is finally here! Well, dive a little deeper and you'll figure out that driveless cars will create just as many problems as they would, in theory, fix. The idea of a world with driveless cars as the main priority just runs shivers down my spine...

The main problem with driveless cars is a very nightmarish one. What if the car malfunctions, and goes completely berzerk on the road? Also, who would take the blame for the accident? The manufacturers or the driver would be a re-occuring question, and as stated in the article, this would cause thousands of legal battles every week. It would be truly heartbreaking to go to someone's funeral that you were very close with, and to always know that their death wasn't even their fault.

Another issue driveless cars would create is immense laziness and health problems. Although driving cars isn't an amazing workout by any means, it keeps the brain alert and stimulated. Also, if there is no work needed then many passengers would just fall asleep. Who is there to wake them up when they have reached their destination? A siren or alarm would be a good idea, but many people including myself are very heavy sleepers.

My biggest gripe with driveless cars would be the easy accessibilty. Literally anyone could just hop in and take control of it. Kids who have an argument with their parents and are currently angry at them can just get in one, and drive off. This completely kills the purpose of drivers licences, and in my opinion just isn't right. Another HUGE problem is this, how in the world would police do their job? Would their cars be driveless also, and how would they pull anyone over? They wouldn't be able to, the driveless cars would just continue cruising down the street.

In my honest opinion, a world with driveless cars would just be the beginning of a world ruled by computer A.I. Humans need to keep control of certain things in order for our species to thrive and survive. Not everything needs to be taken over by computers, and I truly wish that we as a species can realize this. We are becoming too dependent on technology, and I fear that soon our own knowledge will eventually cause the end of the human race as we know it. 