______

______

27/02/2018

ISTEP

Section 2

The Key to Success

Today, students have been faced with the challenge of going to school, so that they can learn, so that they can go to college to hopefully become sucessful and get a job. The only problem is, majority of students are stuck in a loop which is because they aren't able to learn in a way which best suits them. Now, it is possible with new technology, by Dr. Huang with the University of Illinois. The use of technology holds value to reading students of emotional expressions which can help teachers to know whether what they are teaching and how, is enjoyable by their students.

"The program is designed to make a 3-D representation of the face and all of the 44 major muscles"(D'Alto, 3). Dr. Huang explains that Movement of one or more muscles is read as a certain emotion by a program called FACS, programed by psychologist, Dr. Paul Eckman. It reads emotions almost as a human would if you were to read a freind of yours face to face. The only part that sets the program aside from human reading, is that the program reads into the slightest movements you might not want to show.

I believe that this program can become revolutionary to education because this program can do what teachers cant do which is to tell how his/her students feel about learning certain things and in certain ways. If the program were to become a reality, teachers would be able to adjust their lessons for the better being of the students. In doing so, schools becomes more that just a place for students to come to learn, but they can be given an opportunity to do so while enjoying it too. If we get students to become excited for school, then they are more likely to grow up to do better things.

The use of technology holds value to reading students' emotional expressions. If we make the emotion reading techology a reality in schools, then the schools will most likely become enjoyable by students; Kids will become excited to learn and get an education, then our hope for a better and brighter generation will come forth.      