Why do we have emotions? Why were we given thought of feeling and expressing them with our face? Our ability to do that is amazing and has helped us understand each other better through the years. As technology is always advantcing so has our understanding of other humans, but now scientists are creating machines to do that for us. To become our eyes and calulate the exact percentage of the basic emotions we feel, is this really needed, and if anything, might hurt us as a whole? I believe that this Facial Action Coding System is a waste of time and could harm the future of humanities ability to understand emotions.

First, is how at the bare minium the Facial Action Coding System is worthless. From the "Making Mona Lisa Smile" article by Nick D'Alto, some perks it is able to include from this is only the idea of face reconition allowing ads to know whether you are smiling or frowning at the ad to know whether to keep ads like that or move on with new ones. This is a huge flaw because people can already log into a computer happy or upset but the FACS isn't going to know that so the system is basically ruined. Another thing is it being able to change a lesson to suit a students emotions if they are feeling confused or bored. This could be a good thing but how is it going to change the lesson to make it better? Even if it does it still wouldn't mean it would make it better for the student they could still be bored with the lesson making the FACS useless again.

Second, if this thing becomes more widespread and popular to the extent of everyone can use it anytime, then that's taking able for humans to naturally understand one another's feelings without FACS. I already explained any ideas given in the article are useless but if one day everyone is using it in forms of video chatting or smart-glasses, this is taking away from the natural experience of human commuication. Take for example texting, texting is dimminishing the vaule of talking to one another face-to-face, if future generations this could lead everyone to be more un-social and that creates problems on their own, this could be the same with advancements we put into FACS, more people becoming reliant on FACS to the extent where when we don't have it we will become naive to socailizing.

Third, is the invasion of privacy this can create. To look into a persons facial muscles to calulate the exact percentage of what they are feeling can be consider creepy and inhumane. Personally, to know that a computer knows exactly how I am feeling makes me feel uneasy. I know I am not the only one and others probably feel worst able this then I do. This was in the same vein as when the lie detector first was made, everyone was fancinated by a computer being able to tell if you are lying. However the person who made it regets ever making for its inconsistancy on being accurate. Who should say that FACS will always be accurate and falsely accuse other's emotions into a legal bind or hasty agument?

In conclusion, this essay is to prove my claim that this Facial Action Coding System is not worth anyones time, money, or thought. From it being basically useless without any sort of advancement including the loophole around ads to it really not helping students with lesson plans. Then the idea of us becoming more naive people and another reliant on technology to understand others. Finally, the inhumane way of distrubing our privacy with and it could also falsely calulate our emotions and cause more harm then good. WIth everything said this should give a clear view of that terrible invention we call FACS should be put away and never opened again and to take this as a learning experience.  