Cellphones & Driving

In our age, many civilians all over the globe use their cellular devices either for activity planning, work related tasks, streaming or just talk or text. Phones in this generation are considered an addiction or a drug to our lives and is in a way that is dangerous due to how easily it is to get distracted, or lose focus, on to them even in times when we shouldn't be on them. When conducting a vehicle, all senses and attention is needed to be on the road to prevent an accident that can come at you from anywhere, when you least expect it. Does texting and driving cause traffic accidents? When your not focusing on the road, something that requires full attention at all times, it causes distractions and in most cenarios you or others could end up getting hurt or worse.

Driving is an action and responsibility that requires utmost attention when conducting, most especially around family or friends. Distractions can and will get in the way when driving and not acknowledging it is the best and safest course of action a responsible citizen can take. Trying to conduct a vehicle can be difficult for some and easier for others and it's understandable but those who have no knowledge on how to drive still can cause car accidents caused by lack of focus when driving which is why most federal laws were created to prevent phone usage while conducting any motor vehicle and have been since enforced by police officers to keep others and ourselves safe from any possibly dangerous car accidents and fatalities.

Cellular devices were manufactured for fast, reliable, and strong communication to help us react fast if there were to be trouble or we were put in Harm way. Many situations may call us to get help as quickly as possible and there for cellular devices are there to call emergency services . Over the past few years, cell phones have evolved to be able to help us in our daily lives. A good example would be reminders for occasions, calls from or to work/ video chat calls for face to face meetings if necessary, quick information gathering, and many more uses. The mobile era is riding strong and doesn't look like its gonna fall for awhile with many apps developed that can be downloaded and used on our phones from social media apps to learning ones. The use of phones has changed the lives of many to the best or worst occasions, meaning that phones are good for us only at certain times, not all the time.

In all reality is that phones are useful but can cause harm to us and others like health problems,

mental problems, and tear what we call fun. Driving is a necessity for moving around different areas quickly if your not in the mood for taking public transportation to get to your certain location. Both the cellular devices and motor vehicles were made to make our lives more convenient and simpler in this new era of hybrid technology, but by irresponsibly combining both together can cause dangerous issues and can and will hurt yourself and the lives of others. Thinking about the ages without these tools life was a much more complex for even the most simplest things and it became harder to keep up with, meaning that staying updated on friends and family or trying to get from place to place was an everyday hassel.

In Overall, the citizens of the states know what's right from wrong and when doing or acting on a certain thing they should know when to do something at the correct time. Does texting and driving cause traffic accidents? In every single aspex blame will fall onto those who don't and know better not abuse the technology at hand of the new generation like bluetooth devices, speakerphones in the car, and smartwatches for instant access. The federal laws that help and try to prevent people from harm do their most and absolute best to stop dangerous people. The citizens need to contribute to helping each other as well as the law. Driving and texting is a combination that should never ever be done to in order to prevent future accidents and save lives, while being safe from one to another in this free world we call home.   