Distance Learning in School Systems

In today's society, many school systems are reliant on technology; this is not always beneficial for certain individuals. If schools become too reliant on technology, then it can result in a negative impact on the progress of students. Many individuals struggle to complete their work from an electronic device because it puts a strain on their eyes. A number of school systems are considering the idea of allowing their students to attend classes from home by online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from attending classes at home because there would be multiple distractions, some students do not have internet access at home, and it would be difficult for students to receive help.

Firstly, schools should not offer distance learning as an option for students because their would be multiple distractions at home. Success comes from hard work and dedication, and if students do not have that, then school will not come easy. When students work from home, there are multiple factors to put into consideration, such as cellular devices and pets. In this day and age, many students are overly worried about social media and their friends instead of their grades. For example, most students would choose to text their friends when they should be completing their assignments and projects. This issue would result in students receiving poor grades for the semester. It is obvious that allowing students to complete their assignments from home would not be beneficial.

Secondly, online classes would not benefit the students because some individuals do not have internet access at home. Many families do not pay for internet since it can become expensive, and they do not want another added expense to worry about. This issue would result in individuals having to commute to a public location, such as a coffee shop to complete their work. Since some students would have to travel, then they would have to spend more money on items, such as gasoline, food, and drinks. This problem can be stressful for individuals because they would need to learn how to use their time wisely and work efficiently. One can easily see that transferring to online classes would not help students in the long run.

Lastly, school systems should not offer distance learning for students because it would be difficult for them to receive help and ask questions. For some students, it will be hard for them to completely understand the content if they do not have visuals on the board in front of them to look at. If an individual thought of a question, it would be frustrating because the professor would not be able to visibly see the student raise their hand. The students and professors would also have to plan their time accordingly because it will be difficult if the students at home joined the conference at different times. Based on this information, it is obvious that allowing individuals to work from home would be difficult for the students and professors.

Many people believe that allowing students to work from home would be beneficial because they would not have to wake up at a certain time to get ready. However, this could result in the students becoming lazy and making poor choices. This situation may sound similar for some athletes. Before a season begins, many athletes choose to practice in their time off, so they are prepared for the upcoming season. Although this is true for most people, there are always a few teammates that have the mindset that they are better than everyone else and choose not to prepare. Ultimately, this leads to those individuals performing poorly in the next season. One can easily see that attending classes at school is the best option for everyone.

Because there would be many distractions, some students do not have internet access at home, and it would be difficult to receive help, students would not benefit from attending classes at home. In the modern world, assessments are a huge way of showing professors how well the student understands the material. Without a full understanding of the content, it would be difficult for individuals to show what they truly know. For parents, this idea is very concerning because it can affect their child's future. After all, it would be frustrating to know that students are struggling in school because they chose to work from home instead of at school.           