Most students don't enjoy getting projects assigned to them to complete over summer break. If students got the opportunity to design their own projects, it may be a more enjoyable experience for the student. Students tend to forget information they've learned during the school year once summer hits. A way a number of schools attempt to prevent this situation is simply assign projects for students to complete over break. Students should have the choice to design their own projects for summer break because they are more likely to complete a project on a topic they enjoy and they will have better time management.

There is a higher chance of students completing an assignment if they enjoy the topic the assignment is based on. When trying to complete a project students have no interest in, often times the motivation factor runs low. Low motivation tends to lead to unfinished projects. There is a greater chance students will complete a project they've self-designed because they will most likely be more interested and better engaged in the topic they have chosen for themselves. For example, like reading a book, a person that does not enjoy reading has a higher chance of enjoying a book if it is based upon a topic they are interested in.

With a self-designed project, students will obtain better time management. During the summer, many students tend to have a packed schedule. Therefore, causes students to not make time for projects assigned to them. Leading to why having students create their own project, follows with the task of the project being completed. Better time management has a great chance of leading to a completed project. For example, a student that is joyful about an assignment they have to complete, will make time for the project. Students then will have no excuse on why they could not complete their projects because they have the ability to design it in a way that fits their schedule.

Overall, many students don't enjoy getting assigned projects to complete over summer break. With the opportunity of getting to design their own project, might change how students feel about getting assigned work to complete. Students should have the opportunity to create their own projects for summer break because there is a greater chance the student will complete a project on a topic they are interested in and they will posses better time management. 