The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus," wants others to believe that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the danger it presents. The author supoorted his supported his ideas in very well ways that I will explain to you now.

He believes that people should study it because they are making more ways for us to get knowledge about it, he also describes how interesting Venus is, and because you gain insight of the planet itself.

NASA is working on a solution for humans to study Venus in a new way. As stated in the article "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the rooling Venusian landscape."(Paragraph 5). He's saying they are trying to create a vehicle that will let them study mars from above instead of landing on the planet. This supports his idea because this solution that they're creating is, "survivable for humans" (paragraph 5).

He describes many features, interesting feautres about Venus. In the article it states that "On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees fahrenheit," (paragraph 3). This a true fact that might spark the interests of humans to study Venus a bit more. Also he states that " Venus may have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." (paragraph 4). Who wouldn't want to study a planet that could've possibly had life exsistence since it was so Earth-like.

Studying Venus is a huge challenge. It has proved that in many ways but that's another reason why the author encourages us to study it. He feels as stated in the article, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." (paragraph 8). Meaning that we should not limit our studies because of danger. His opinion is that we should keep studying, "to meet the vey edges of our imagination", (paragraph 8). We shouldn't have to imagine things that we have opportunities to see it real life.

In conclusion, he made very good points that support his ideas. Maybe one day these ideas will inspire someone to actually study Venus and face the challenges that comes with it. 