Imagine going to school in the comfort of your own bed. You would have no more early mornings and tardies. You wouldn't have to worry about missing the bus or getting a ride to school. You can attend classes on your own time when you're ready,you'll be more focused because there are less distractions and could also teach you to be more responsible and give you better time management. Some kids benefit more working alone in a quiet environment. This could also help with a lot bullying situations.

But some downsides are you are less social because you don't attend classes with anyone else it's just you and a computer. You don't get to experience some things like pep rallies,dances,or sport events. Those moments is what makes high school memorable. You aren't able to participate in extracurricular activities with friends after school. Which is where lots of people make most of their friends because they share similar interest. Also it would be a little harder for you to get help on work rather than if you were in a classroom with a teacher face to face because you can stay after with the teacher for extra help if needed. It's a lot less hands on and you dont get to do many group activities. Most students learn better when things are more hands on and interactive.

You will be able to do school on your own time and not wake up so early. You can wake at 12 and begin your school day rather than waking up early to go to school. You will be able to take notes on your own time getting all the information you need rather than feeling rushed to get it all down. You can complete worksheets and homework on your time although there is still a deadline. You can sleep in and get all the hours you need so that you'll be energized and ready to do your work. If you were to attend a regular school you would be less energized and would slack off more in class because you don't have the sleep you need. Teenagers are suppose to get at least 8-10 hours of sleep we could do this by taking online classes and getting all those hours we need which would make us more successful with completing our work.

Another thing is that we would be more focused and have less distractions. We wouldn't have to worry about anyone else because it's just you and a computer. When you are around friends and other classmates you tend to get more distracted and want to talk which would could cause you to not complete your work. Some students cant concentrate in a loud environment like a classroom so working alone at home in the quiet could benefit them. But also some kids prefer to listen to music when doing work but some teachers don't allow phones and you wouldn't have to worry about that at home. This would also take care of some of the cheating problems that happen because there is no one for you to cheat off of. You could learn more things because it's just you so you're more focused on the actual lesson.

Also could teach you to be more responsible and have better time management. There is no one around to tell you 100 times that you have to turn in your homework on Wednesday or that you have a project due next month. You have to responsible enough to remember these things and get them done yourself and turn them in before the deadline. You have to be responsible enough to remember to log in everyday to take your classes and if you don't that's on you and nobody else. You also have to take time to do these projects and classwork because you can't do them in class,so you have to manage your time correctly to get them done.

Finally,this would help some of the bullying issues and drama at schools. You don't have to worry about anybody else because youre not with anyone else. A lot of the drama that occurs,starts at school and then goes to social media or vice versa starts on social media and then transfers to school which leads to fights. Also bullying is a really big issue that occurs among teenagers especially in high school which leads to people taking their lives. But if you are taking classes online and don't attend school then you can avoid some of that conflict with students because you don't have to see anyone.

So therefore,attending school online could make you more responsible and give you better time mangement. You can get your hours of sleep you need because you don't have to wake up as early. You have a little more freedom because you aren't on a set schedule it's on your own time. There will be less conflict and drama among students which makes it a lot safer. You will be more succssesful because you dont have a lot of distractions around you. So having school online will benefit you both positively and negatively in many ways.       