There are some schools that offer distance learning as an option for students who take classes away from the school building. Distance learning offers classes at home through online courses or video conferences. Some people believe distance learning is not beneficial for students. However, I believe distance learning is beneficial for students for three reasons: students would not worry about transportation; students would create a schedule that works for them; and students would have less stress.

Although transportation is accessible to many students, some students do not have the opportunity to have it accessible from their home. Students that are trepidatious toward not having a source of transportation are not affluent which prevents them from having a reliable source of travel to their classes. According to Generic_Name, a student from the University of Chicago, arriving to class on time is difficult for her as she does not have enough money to purchase a car or a ticket to ride the bus because she uses her money on books, paper, and pencils she needs for class. Transportation is a problem students face as they do not have enough income to help support the transportation needed. Since transportation is an issue for some students, distance classes would not allow students such as Generic_Name to worry about searching for a vehicle to bring her to her classes.

Since students have busy lives, it would be best for them to create a schedule that accommodates to them. Students can create their own schedule, so it can be tractable to their own lives. Generic_Name, a professor from Harvard who teaches an online physics course, mentioned in her report to the school that every student managed to bring up his or her grade after he or she arranged a schedule that worked for him or her; the schedule allowed each student to have enough time to study, sleep, and work. The creation of the schedule allowed students to focus on school and themselves. Because students have many objectives to complete, distance learning will allow them to create a flexible schedule, and the schedule will help them bring up their grades.

Moreover, students who take distance learning classes would have less stress; students would have less stress because they would not worry about missing class as they are able to access their class at any moment they please. A study from Stanford University in 2018 explains that 86 out of 100 students that participated in the study and take a distance learning course have not experienced high levels of stress because they understand they can access their classes everyday and use the resources they need. Many students do not face an abundance amount of stress as they do not worry about missing any notes or lectures. The students are able to access their classes through distance learning courses, so they have a decrease in the amount of stress they have.

Overall, I believe students would benefit from being able to attend class from home because they would not be concerned over transportation, have a more tractable schedule, and have reduced stress. Allowing students to take distance learning courses would give students who worry over a source of transportation an accessible class. Also, students who take distance learning courses can create their own schedules; these manageable schedules help increase each students' grades. In addition, students who take the distance learning courses reduce their stress levels as they can easily access their class. Schools who offer distance learning benefit the students.