Think back to the day you got your license. The thrill of being able to drive and knowing how much more independce you would have. You want your kids to enjoy that experience too, right? Well what if that all went away because of driverless cars. I am against driverless cars because, driving helps you learn responsibility, the technology could fail or malfunction, and liablity arguments would arise.

When teens learn to drive they are given the rules and regualations. Remembering these rules and following them is their responsibility. With driverless cars the drivers or people in the drivers seat would have less responsibilty because they do not have to do as much work. In the article it says that the driverless cars can steer, accelerate, and break themselves. Since the driver has to do less they may not always pay attention becuase they would think it is the cars job to handle the driving. Carless drivers would make people more lacidazicle about driving. Driving teaches people to be responsible, without this how will we instill responsiblity into the people on our roads?

In todays society new technologies come out everyday. However, we know how frusterating technology can be if it doesn't work. If our Iphone or laptop glitches it usually isn't a big deal. It can be fixed in an instant, maybe even by yourself. But what could the consequences be if a driverless car glitches? While you are driving you don't really have a minute to google how to fix your car like you can do with an Ipad. Just like any new technology a driverless car could have malfunctions, but these malfunctions could but peoples lifes at risks. People may say that even today with people driving cars that there can be glitches in cars. However, since real people are driving the cars they can evaluate the situation and control the car.

If the driverless car does fail whose fault is it? The "driver" or the manufacturer? This question will definetly come up if driverless cars come into our society. If you get in a crash, but weren't in control of the car, how can you be blamed? This problem could to lead to new laws, many court cases, and law suits.

Driving is a right of passage for teens today. Driverless cars, while could make life easier, would just bring more problems and arguments into our already technology filled lives. Driverless cars should not be legal because driving teaches responsibilty, the technology could fail, and cause arguments over liability.        