Students from all around the world attend schools in various locations, under different stress levels, and with an array of goals pertaining to each student. We live in a technology dependent society. From cellphones to laptops, we hold our lives and personal history on these devices, therefore, considering how helpful it would be, computerized schooling should also be offered on these devices. When attending an online course all of these details are wiped clean, simply a name with a passing or failing score besides a computer generated ID, for some this could be considered unnatural, unhelpful, and in broad terms wrong. I disagree with these notions because online schooling is extremely beneficial for the same reasons some may consider it harmful. Online classes are beneficial to students because they directly cater to a students schedule, they are helpful to students in terms of distance, and they offer another option to students who may experience mental and physical health issues as well as bullying.

Job's, career's, and responsibility's, all things that students may have to take into consideration when attending traditional schooling due to their schedules, when given the option to choose between a traditional or a modern solution, the majority would choose a more modern option for a more custom fit. Students would be given a due date on their assignments and a lesson plan on the material, leaving them free to decide when to complete these tasks. A very close friend of mine happened to be in this exact scenario due to his soccer career. Once he had informed me that he made the switch to online school, I could see a different version of him, he was truly a stress free individual when it came to his education because he could attend his classes through a screen. Some may say this would cause a student to "slack off", but that's incorrect. Regardless of online or traditional schooling, the choice to attend is solely based on the student and their goals; having it be online or through video, has no effect on this. My friend chose online school for various reasons, another reason for his decision was the distance between him and his school because of his travel.

Distance, it's a large issue for the majority of our population whether it be work or relationships, although not many consider it, the distance issue also applies to schooling. Students live in all types of conditions all around the world, making it difficult to reach a traditional school at sunrise, only to make their "voyage" back eight hours later. This could also be because of travel due to careers, an issue my friend struggled with. Online schooling is an easy solution to both of theses issues and is very similar to homeschooling in this event. Students can reach their goals directed at their education without having to struggle through finding a way to attend classes. It could be argued that a bus would be available to pick up students and take them home once school is over, but for some, a bus is a luxury that they don't have. This could be due to the distance between the school and the student in which some distances buses cannot travel. It could be argued that parents or students may drive to their school's location but a full tank of gasoline and personal use vehicles are not widely offered within families. Along with distance issues, mental health issues, medical conditions, and bullying can also add to a students list of reasons as to why online school is beneficial.

In a world in which mental health is taboo and medical conditions along with bullying are downplayed, an online education is an easy solution to these problems. It has been said that around 47% of students struggle with conditions such as depression, anxiety, social anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder or a physical disability. All of these conditions make attending school a grueling activity for most. Whereas an online education defeats all of these scenarios. Whether it be a hospital bed, a therapist's office, or even your own kitchen, online school is widely available to all whom are living a double life. Bullying rates for teens and children only seem to be going up, this negatively impacts a student so greatly, that they may feel like school isn't something they could handle on a day to day basis. Some may say that mental health and physical disabilities as well as bullying can be handled in a school environment by counselors and special exceptions that may be offered but this is simply false due to the fact that most school counselors aren't trained in helping students deal with a debilitating disease making an online education a better fit for most students dealing with these problems. By having an education packed into a computer screen, students are then encouraged to take their lives into their own hands, taking all power away from any illness or bully.

Online school is an amazing option for all and should be treated as one. Students who accept this route are encouraged to be responsible and healthy, which are the most important things in ones life. Online school should be a choice given to all because of its various benefits. Online educations are extremely beneficial in cases of scheduling, distance from a traditional schooling location, and student illnesses or bullying. Education is something that our young population should be offered regardless of a predisposed disability, online school makes getting an education a level playing field for all. It is convenient and overall a marvelous opportunity and should be widely available for our student population. 