While summer break gives kids a chance to relax at the beach, It can also forgot what they have learned in school. The problem with summer break is that students are more likely to not focus on other opportunities to learn and forgot about what they learned during the school year. If it were to stay like this, then kids could be unprepared for colleges or other schools they want to go to in the future. To resolve this, some schools assign students a project to complete so they can continue earning over the break. However, there are two sides saying that the projects should be student-based or teacher-based. Schools should require students to make student-designed projects because it helps them show their creativity, learn new things during break, and work on their thinking skills.

Some people argue that student-designed projects would not be beneficial because students would have trouble trying to come up with a good idea for their project. There are a few students that struggle with projects because they have to follow a set of rules to complete so they could get a good grade, but some ignore these rules or do not follow the exact instructions their teacher said and get a bad grade on the project. If the projects were teacher-designed, then students can follow how to do the project correctly and lean the information that the teacher wants. While this may be true, it can also help students on their thinking skills.

Students with critical thinking skills are more likely to do better in school. Thinking skills have a positive effect on students because it helps them solve problems efficiently and new techniques that will help them in school. For example, a student completes a teacher-designed project but does not learn much information. Since he did exactly what the teacher wanted, he was not able to research information by himself, which would have helped him develop skills for the future. If the project the student made was student-designed, then he would have been able to learn how to research information and learn new things. This would also help many students to learn during break.

Learning during summer break is good because it make sure students never forget what they learned from the school year. Summer break is good for students to take a break, but all the information they learned during the school year would be a waste. When they go back to school after summer break, then they would have no clue about what they learned, which is a problem because some of their classes might be similar to what they took last year. Giving students a project that is based on their own work would help out on their learning capabilities.

Creativity is important for students because it shows what ideas they can come up with. Some students show their creativity by taking an art class, which helps them not only learn about art, but about new skills that will help them in the future. Teacher-designed projects may help students learn, but it will not help them reach their potential. Student-designed projects make students able to express their creativity and what they have learned in an interesting way.

In conclusion, student-designed projects are the best way for students to learn during break. It helps them develop new thinking skills that would help them in future classes. Students can not only learn about new things during break, but also remember the information they learned during the school year. It also helps them show their creativity, which can motivate them to learn more. Schools should require students to complete student-designed projects during summer break.        