Do you want your kids to suffer from mental distress because they don't know how to properly manage their stress? Seven hours in school all day can be overworking and stressful, kids need something that they can depend on to relieve all that added stress. Weather it's sports,clubs, social activities, etc. students need something that isn't them sitting in a room all day competing to keep their grades up. I think that students should have to be endorsed into doing extracurricular activities because, it can force them to go out and do something other than just sitting there on there phones all day. It teaches them social skills and get's them out of there comfort zone, and by doing this it pushes them to get out of there immediate circle of friends and meet new people.

Making students chose an extra curricular activity increases their chances of getting successful jobs in the future. It teaches them to adapt and change to new environments. In the workplace most jobs will require them to interact with new faces all the time. Fun extra curricular activities just better equips them for that. It also boosts students confidence levels up by making them put themselves out there more than they normally would. Students need the opportunity to get out of their comfort levels and try new things, and after school clubs do just that.

If they were to only stay within their comfort zone they would only be hurting themselves more. They will never get to experience all the trials and errors of trying different things. Who knows they might just discover a new found love or hobby for something that they never would have even thought of before. By stepping out of their house and just trying they are already doing the hardest part.

School is exhausting, your working for hours on end repeating the same lessons over and over doing the same boring thing every day. How could this not effect the mental health of students? They need something to take there mind off of everything. Something to relieve them of all the pilled up stress they have been lifting. After school clubs and sports can not only improve their mental and physical health but it can lift the burden off there shoulders for a moment of the day. It can be a place away from all of their hassle of school work and tests. Mandated extra curricular activities keep kids sane, they are exactly what stressed kids need to get a break from everything.

I strongly agree that making students participate in an extra curricular activity is a great idea. It boosts their social skills and forces them to push themselves and go out beyond what they would normally do. They may not even know it yet but many of these clubs and sports can actually teach them very valuable lessons and tips that can help them for the future. It also gives them something useful to do rather than just watching TV all night. For many kids this can give them something to be apart of, it makes them feel like they belong to something. That can be important, especially to kids with lots of pilling stress that they might not be able to handle. This helps them manage there time, stress, and health better. Activities such as sports,clubs, etc. are crucial for keeping the sanity of the students.