Kindergarten through high school students go to school for about 9 months with a few breaks every now and then. The big breaks include thanksgiving break, winter break, and spring break but the most important break of all is summer break, which is 3 months and concludes the previous school year. Subsequently following this break students tend to forget most of what they have learned. For this reason some schools require students to complete summer projects to continue their learning while out of school. while the project itself is a good idea, the assignment should be student-designed because it'll allow more free time, allow students to be more creative, and allow integrity to be present.

When summer comes around there is usually a vacation in the plans and if not then pools are open,because of this students want to get out and do stuff and if the project is student made this will allow them to be more free during their break. Usually a project is a summative grade and can really make or break your grade so for the most part students will get it done. Although there would be less organization than a teacher made project this allows students to focus on more than just one topic. on vacation there could be a variety of things to write about or research from the different geographic's to the destination or even the amount of gas it took to arrive to the destination. An important part of the break itself is for students to enjoy them self, with this project made by them they can go at their own pace and still have time to their self.

With imagination comes creativity, these are two things a project needs to be a success. Students will be able to create their own project within appropriate reasoning which will allow them to focus on a variety of ideas. However if the project was made by a teacher then students would be more than likely to focus on one topic, which can get boring and leads to incomplete work. As a matter of fact, if the students are able to choose what they do for the assignment then more students will complete the project by their own will. Throughout high school creativity can benefit you in a big way if this project is student-designed the students will explore their imagination along with their experiences through their break.

Integrity; To do the right thing when nobody is watching

. During this break students are left no teacher supervision and they have to complete an assignment on their own, this project if student designed will teach integrity throughout students. with integrity this assignment will create a trust bond between the teacher and student if they complete the project. Eventhough a teacher made project would bring more structure among this project, allowing students to choose their own project is preparing them for college and the real world. For this reason students should take advantage of the opportunity, respect the trust of the teacher and follow through with their project. Doing the right thing when nobody is watching can bring you to success throughout your life, if this project is student-designed then integrity will be shown throughout the assignment.

Kindergarten through high school is about 13 years, and throughout a whole school year we go for about 9 months with a few little breaks every now and then but the most important break is summer break. Summer break is 3 months long which concludes the previous school year. Since this break is for a longer time than usual students tend to forget what they have learned. Schools usually give projects to keep the students learning while out of school. The project itself is a good idea, however it should be a student-designed project because it will allow students to have more free time, allows more creativity, and allows integrity to be present within students. A project during the summer seems to take away from the meaning of summer break, but in reality you can enjoy your break while keeping your brain active so you dont lose your progress throughout school.           