Dear Mr. senator

The Electoral college process consists of 538 electors. Each elector represents a state and they vote according to what the majority of the people favor. The Electoral college is a fair and honest way of electing the president because each individual has a voice in who is elected by voting for the state electors ."You help choose your state's electors when you vote for president because when you vote for your candidate you are actually voting for your candidate's electors"(Does the Electoral College Work?). This shows how everyone plays a key role in the government and in electing the main person in charge.

Many people may argue that the Electoral college is corrupt because it is a "non-democratic" way of electing a president and that the electors may not vote in favor of the people's majority. This is true, however,"that trust is rarely betrayed"(Does the Electoral College Work?)." It is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national poular vote"(Does the Electoral College Work?), but this too has rarely happened. We need to continue with the Electoral college process despite a couple rarely occuring cons because all of the reasons to retain this fair system heavily outways the negative. There are five main arguements to continue the use of this justified system.

The first reason is "certainty of outcome." A conflict over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is rare and less likely to occur than a dispute over the popular vote. " The reason is that the winning candidate's share of the Electoral College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote"(Does the Electoral College Work?). A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is also highly unlikely to occur.

This second argument is "Everyone's president." "The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have transregional appeal"(Does the Electoral College Work?). This is so the residents of other regions don't feel deserted and that their votes don't count. Every president should have this desirable result so that he/she can be a successful president.

The third main argument is "Swing States." "The winner-take-all mathod of awarding eletoral votes induces the canidates to focus their campaign efforts on the toss-up states....voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign"(Does the Electoral College Work?). These electoral voters are likely to be the most thoughtful voters and should be able to decide the election.

The fourth reason to retain the Electoral College system is that "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states(by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution"(Does the Electoral College Work?). A large state would get more attention than a small state and I think that this is fair because the larger states by population should get more votes because they contain more people.

The fifth and final reason that we as a nation should favor the Electoral College is because it "avoids run-off elections."The Electoral College avoids the problems of elections in which no candidate recieves a majority of the votes cast"(Does the Electoral College Work?). The Electoral College takes the huge pressure off of run-off elections and clearly produces a winner.

I hope that you take into consideration what I said and help the Electoral College continue to thrive over the years because without this system the nation will be in a big dispute. I know that this is the best system for our country and state and I strongly hope that you see that too.

Sincerly, PROPER_NAME    