Dear,

senator i strongly disagree in favor of keeping the electoral collage by popular vote for the president of the united states because the electoral collage is unfair to voters. people selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their states. It is a disaster factor for the american people.

The electrol collage should not be kept as popular votes for the president of the united states. It is unfair to voters. because of the winner take all system i which where each state, canadiates dont spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning. During the 2000 campaign, seventeen of the stes did not see or heard about the canadidates and voters in 25 of the largest media markets did not fet to see a single campaing ad. The best arguments in favor of it are mostly assertions without much basis in reality. Abolish the electoral collage!

The electoral college is very irrational. Electoral collage method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. The republicans in claifornia, knowing their vote will have no effect, they have less incentive to pay attention to the campaign than they would have if the president were picked by popular votes

.

The electoral collage avoids the problem of elections in which no canidate recives a mojority of the votes cast

.

The electoral collage is outdated, a disaster factor for the american people. the american people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiascos was the biggest election crisis in a century. The systm allows for much worse. consider that state legislature are technically reponsible for picking electors. That those electors could always defy the will of the people.

Thats why i think that electoral collage should be kept away from elections because they are unfair & because the electoral collage is unfair to voters. people selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a canidate who has no hope of carrying their states. It is a disaster factor for the american people. voters in presidential elections are people who want to express a political preference rather than people who think that a single vote may decide on a election.    