I think teachers should designed the student summer projects. There are many reasons why teachers should design the project, but the main reasons are the teacher would know how the project will know how the project will be completed. Then teachers will help prepare students for upcoming school year. The teacher should to know how to grade the project correctly. There shouldn't be student designed project because they will most likely forget about it or throw something together for a project.

Firstly , The teachers will know about how the project is supposed to be done. They will know mostly know everything about the project. The teacher will inform the students before they would leave for summer break about the project. The teacher will give examples of the projects about how they are supposed too, and how they don't supposed to look. They will give you details on how you can make your project better. The teacher will hand you out a syllabus on what you need for your project.

Then, The teachers will have a project dealing with the upcoming classes of your semester . The teachers will help them grow in knowledge and in the world. There will be a earlier learning start for students because, They've already worked on it in the summer. The teachers will cover all classes the student have for the upcoming school year. The teachers will have everything in the project for students too learn about for they can all have a early start on there classwork, and have a thought on what we they're working on.

Accordingly , all teacher should make the summer projects for grading the project correctly. They will know what they are looking for in the project. So there will not be just coming up with just any project and putting something together. They will be a syllabus handout before you leave for the you know what's on the project, and what the teacher is looking for. The grading will be hard on the students if they had to grade, So there is why teachers should because they know how to grade the projects.

Finally, These are the three main reason why i will select teachers should design summer projects. There is knowing how the project will need to be done, will help students in upcoming school year, teachers should make projects because of the grading. 