Many school systems around the world have already started offering distance learning opportunities for their students in order to expand their opportunities to learn. These opportunities allow students to attend some of their classes from home through online resources or video conferencing and save them the hassle of attending school for the classes they wish to take. Schools should offer distance learning opportunities as they allow students to teach themselves how to self learn and allow students to take extra classes that they wish to take.

Firstly, a benefit of distance learning is that it teaches students the ability to self learn which is a key skill needed in order to succeed in life. Self learning is essential for people when they advance to the collegiate and professional levels as much of the information that they need to learn is not being taught by professors or superiors, but is instead being self learned by an individual to the point where they are comfortable with the information they have learned. Distance learning classes teach a person these skills in the earlier stages of learning as they allow students to learn the information without the physical presence of a teacher to constantly hand them information while allowing the presence of a teacher through the use of email or video conferencing to clarify doubts that students may encounter when they are learning. Self learning is a skill that is also important to apply in a person's daily life as they have to constantly figure out what they may be weak at and learn how to improve themselves without the guidance of another person. Without the opportunity for people to learn how to teach themselves at an early age and think about ideas on their own, many people will fail to advance in their adult lives as they do not possess the skill to advance in life without someone constantly guiding them.

Secondly, distance learning classes allow students the opportunity for students to take extra classes and expand their knowledge. Many schools only offer a handful of classes that exist which limits the opportunity for students to take classes about topics they wish to learn about. Distance learning classes allow students to broaden their knowledge in topics that interest them as they extend the opportunity to learn past the classes that schools offer and in some cases even allow students to create a solid foundation for their collegiate education and professional careers. Some students in school systems that do not offer distance learning opportunities are forced to take courses that are required for graduation instead of courses that interest them and this takes away from their chance to build a nice foundation for their post high school lives. If all schools offered distance learning, it would allow students to complete their graduation requirements early and allow for them to explore their topics of interest in a year long course that would help build their knowledge in their field of interest for their later stages of education and eventually their professional lives. The offering of distance learning classes by all schools would allow for many students to build a foundation in their field of interest and allow for many professionals to work at their optimum ability.

Some educators, parents, and students argue that distance learning classes limit a student's ability to learn as a result of there being no physical presence of a teacher. This is understandable, but schools are only offering this opportunity to students who wish to explore this opportunity of learning and are not forcing it upon anyone. Students would also have the access to interact with an instructor to clarify their doubts during their learning experiences in a limited manner to resemble the later stages of education where students are required to teach themselves all the knowledge with a professor or a superior being able to clear any minor doubts. Even though many people question the decision of schools offering distance learning opportunities, they serve as a preparation for college and are only offered to those feel they can handle the task of teaching themselves.

Distance learning opportunities are beneficial towards students as they prepare students for the next stages of their lives and allow students to expand their horizon and explore their topics of interest. This allows students to be better prepared for the knowledge that hits them in college and allows them to learn in an efficient manner and obtain more knowledge in their field of interest. If students in every part of the world were offered the opportunity broaden their knowledge in their field of interest, they would be able to learn efficiently at the collegiate level and allow them to obtain necessary skills for the professional world that would allow the world to be full of knowledgeable professionals and make the world a better place.