These are some good reasons why it is good to ask people for some advice! It is good to ask people their own advice because you can listen and hear from differnt point of views.

When you have other peoples point of view,you get a bigger picture of what you're doing and how do to it.

You get more of an understanding and a bigger and wider verity of choices to choose from.

People ask more than one person advice so they can understand it more and not only use their on own ideas but also listen to what other people have on their mind.

Its good to ask people what their idea is because sometimes your idea doesn't always work and you need a backup if it doesn't, you may also find it helpful to go online and search differnt type of ideas from around the world.

You can also find it helpfulto ask your parents,teachers,friends, and maybe some people you may not know.

Before you think of starting anything the best thing to do is ask questions,you can get alot more information out of it then you think. Plus other people may do the same and get lot of resources to choose from. It is possible to use your own ways of thinking,but after you ask for advice you need to plan out what and how you're gonna do with the information that you have gathered together. You may also want to do a rough draft or write on a piece paper before you ask for any advice,it may give you a better headstart then jumping straight to it and asking questions.

You could also make one of those Diagram so you can compare and see whats differnt from the advice that you have so you can see if its alot better. You have to ask yourself questions like, "Does it make sense?," "Does it have an meaning?," "Does it have an main idea to it?," and "Does it talk about what im typing/writing about?,"those are some simple questions you can always ask yourself before you start typing/writing. It is more simple then brain storming your own idea and trying to figure out alot of stuff by yourself,that'll take alot of time and it'll be more frustrating then usual,but all you have to do is ask a close by friend or family member what their idea on something would be. After you get all of your information and details about what you wanna type/write about to get now easily put it down on whatever paper or computer you're using at the moment,you will get it done faster,more neat,and more detailed then you would have if you wouldve thought of an idea by yourself. You can still make ideas by yourself but asking for advice would be alot more easy then you think!        