I think that students should be able to learn anyway they choose from home or at school or on a video. Some students learning from online could help like it could stop bullying from happening in school, but on the other hand the students may cheat without teachers even knowing. The student could also keep learning if they are not able to come to school because of sickness, they could still learn from home. It could also affect their learning style what if the class had to go into groups but the kids that are not actually not there cant be physical with the group. It could help some students learning online, some kids might learn better by learning if they are not at school.

If the kids do not attend in real life at the school it might affect they`re personal life like getting along with other students. It might be harder to learn from online than being actually at the school. What if the student has to go to the bathroom and misses something important, and they dont learn about what the teacher said and miss an important question on a test. I think it could help a lot of students to learn from home because they can focus more properly than in school. If the student has to learn from online during school what if they have like gym class they cant be active during that class then they have to do more paperwork instead of having fun.

Some classes the school offers online but what if the students want to take a class they really want but cant do it online. What if the students want to take engineering they cant do that online they should phsycally be there. What if the students wants to take a STEM class not all of those classes can be done online. If the school allows the students to take online classes from a video it should be ones they want to take, the students taking the classes from an online video arent very physical with the other students they can still talk and laugh but whats the fun if youre really not there. Some kids cant actually be at the school so the school offers them to take the classes online. My opinion is that it could help some students but it doesnt help all students it could also be a waste of money.

The school can offer alot of helpful classes from students not being there but i think the students learn more from being at school. Here are some examples of things that can happen if the students attend the class online from home, They might learn as much as the other students, what if the students work better with other people than not around other students. Some students might have to learn from home if they have cant be around other students like if they are sick or has problems with other students. I just think the kids have a better learning expeirence from being at the school in person. Some students might benefit from being at home learning online than in peerson.

If the students are able to to attend school from home i think it would make them more comfortable than being in school. Some teachers might want their students to learn from online or at the school. In some places students have to learn from home because of the cornonavirus and the teachers have to be at the school teaching. Some parents might not want their kids to go to school so they just let their kids attend school from online, beacuse the parents might think its best for the kids to stay at home and learn. The school might make the parents pay for the students to learn from home to be online but the school might let the students learn from online for free.