I disagree, because it should not have to be something you must do after school. Students should have a choice on if they want to stay after school or not. Some students are usually busy after school and don't have time no matter what activity. A lot of students do sports and some even very seriously, which means they have practice a lot. After school they would not have time to stay because they need to get to practice in order to be successful at the sport they are playing.

Older students usually work. Meaning either on the weekends or after school, they might have to work to support their family or themselves, and to successfully do that they will need to work more and harder. Staying after school can cause lack of hours or cause their shift to go a few hours forward, which can lead to getting off their shift rather late and have trouble waking up or paying attention in school the next morning. For an example students usually work at super markets, fast food restaurants or even babysitting. They either babysit for money or their own siblings for when their parents don't get home after school. Students would have to get home immediately for the safety of their younger sibling and to make sure he is taken care of.

On the other hand staying after school would maybe help, but mostly for students who will not be busy after school. There are activities like sports, helping/working on yearbook, and serving on student counsel. Students who do these are usually free after school and have nothing to do, so to ease out their boredom these would be very fun. Then there are also students that won't have a parent home after school to take care of them causing them to stay for an after school activity without a choice. At last there are athletic kids who just want to stay after school for fun sports or even non-athletic ones who just want to learn how to play a sport.

I still stick with my opinion even if there are benefits to staying after school for some students, but most still gain nothing from it. In my opinion working and and going to practice after school will gain you more benefits especially for the future. Working can help prepare students for college. If they save enough money they would not have to get a huge student loan which would cause them to have debts in the future. Sports can also help a lot of students in the future. Working hard and attending every game and practice will get them better at the sport and can help them get a full ride scholarship to a college, so they wouldn't have to get a student loan or get money from their parents. Some may even have a chance at D1 which can possibly lead them to play professionally. 