Dear United States Senator,

Voting in the United States of America has always been the same way, by using the Electoral Collage to cast votes for the presidency. Now, the Presidential Election should be based on poular vote rather than using the Electoral Collage. It is an unfair, unbalanced method for determining the president of the United States. Every president changes history, so if the wrong one is put into office, American history can be altered.

An unfair, proposterious method is sure to have great detestment. Say one canidate had the majority of votes from the American people, by popularity. Yet, the other candidate had the majority of Electoreal votes from the Electoral Collage. The canidate who recieved votes from the Electoral Collage wins, even though his opponant had the American peoples' majority vote. This happened in the year 2000, when nominee Al Gore had more popular votes the George W. Bush, yet fewer electoreal votes, allowing Bush to be president. Even more so, when voting for a presidential canidate, one is in truth voting for a late of electors, rather than voting for the canidate straight on. (Source: #3) If the electors vote one way, when the majority of a state really wants to have the opposing side, there is nothing that can be done to change the electoral votes. Some may argue this is a fair method, but in reality, it is not. (Source: #2)

No American should be misprepresented when voting for a presidential nominee.

Unbalanced voting is sure to be an uproar, especailly when speaking about the president of the United States. California has the most Electoreal votes, stacking up at 55 votes in the Electoral Collage. Wyoming, along with other states, has a mere three votes. A grand total of 538 Electoral votes is what results from adding up all states votes, but 270 is needed to win the presidency. It won't matter who has the popular vote, all that matters is the person who wins the electoral vote. On the other hand, people who live in states with small populations may argue this is a more representing way of voting for president. But it really isn't balanced. The state may have a popular vote towards one side, but when the electoral voter palces his vote, he may choose to betray the people of the state. People cannot change the electoral vote if they are misrepresenting their state. That doesn't sound balanced or equal at all. The scales should not tip towards the lighter side. If the election was determined based on popular vote, rather than the Electoral Collage, then the American people would recieve a more accurate determination of presidency rather than what is already in place.

An unfair, unbalanced mehtod should be thrown out the window, trashed. People want want people want, and should be fairly and equally treated to reflect thier true intents. The Electoral Collage is an unfair, unbalaned election strategy that should be disregarded. We should change this election to using popular vote to acurratly, justly portray the wants and political views of the people living in the United States, where the citizens have power in determining what they choose happens in the counrty. The land of the free, America, should have free say in choosing the president. Abolish the Electoral Collage, and instead put in its place the means of popular voting.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerly, an American Citizen.    