Driverless Cars pose many possitives and negatives.

Between saftey, saving gas, and overall practicallity there are many benitfits to this new form or transportation.

Driverless cars are the future of transportation and will do many great things for the comunity and the people driving them.

Driverless cars are the future.

People are attracted to the idea of getting in a car and having it take you somewhere without ever touching the wheel.

The cars pose many possitves for our society today.

For example, driverless cars use almost half the gas that the average car uses today.

This can solve many world problems like global warming and keep the demand for gas low which will keep the gas prices low.

Another possitive is saftey.

If computer drove every car people would be much safer than they are today.

Computers are smater and more consitante than humans.

This is why computers and robots have taken many peoples jobs, because they do it better.

If the computers are well made then they will never make mistakes, therefore decreasing the ammout of crashes.

BMW has made the car safer by providing in car entertainment on a heads up display that doesnt work if the driver is texting or on there cell phone, once again making the car safer.

However for some people the concept of driverless cars is scary.

For driverless cars to become a part of peoples everyday lives than many things will have to change.

First many states will have to allow people and companies to test thier cars in their states.

The cars will never be made if they cant be tested and profected in different states.

Also there are mant question with the laws behind whos fault it is if a driverless cars technology fails and someone is injured, the driver or the manufacturer?

These questions will be answered with time and once every car is a self driving car then that question will be irellivent.

Driverless cars are the future for the automobiel industry.

They provide a safer more fuel efficent mode of traspertation that will benfit america and its citizens. 