The principal has decided that all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. Do you disagree or agree with him that all students must participate. Because 1 out of 5 kids do not have extracurricular activities at there school. I agree because the kids can learn some thing new, have help on a topic, and to have fun.

My first reason is that the students can learn something new. When they stay for a new club they can make friends and learn the new skill that the club is teaching . The club is a good way to learn some new things, make some new friends, and learn how to use this skill in life. When you join a club you will learn to love it. For instance not a lot of people came to Girls Who Code until we started to tell everybody how nice and fun it was. Now people are racing for spots in Girls who code. People who come to Girls Who Code will learn about programs and how your favorite game was made.

My next reason is that the students can get extra help in the many of clubs. Some of the clubs such as homework club can help you study. The school provides many clubs to help you with all of your topics. When you come to certain clubs there will be tutors there to help. The tutors are your fellow students that show up to help there class mates. When you stay after to get help your grades will go up by a lot. When they do you will be proud of them that you came too homework club.

My final reason is that the students need to have fun in the clubs. when the parents leave ore work the student is home alone. when the stay after they can hang out with there friends. The different clubs have different activities for the students to learn and have fun. Some kids just want to hang out with other kids. Students have to have some time relax and have fun in the clubs.

In conclusion all students must participate in a extracurricular activity so they can enjoy the clubs that the school has to offer. When they participate in the clubs they will be more ready to learn about that subject.

All of the clubs are really fun and educational.

You schools join a club today  