Dear TEACHER_NAME

How are you doing today?

I hope every things is ok.

I have herd that you want to change the policy to play a sport now you must now god a B average in our classes i stead of a C average.

Well i don't want to seem rude I find this to be unfair.

You may ask why and say you did this to bring grades up?

Well as I see it is hard for student to hold a b average in all classes.

As you may know struggle in Vocabulary.

One semester I got a C+ in this subject.

I did the best i could do in

Vocabulary and my best was a C+.

Some student are determined to do the best and sometimes there best is a C.

I fell that for some student iit will be hard to hold a B average in there classes because they struggled to much in this class.

For example i help RELATIVE_NAME in math. The first semester he got a F in math so he was no able to play on the basket ball team and the team need ed him.

So i decided to help him in math.

The second semester he got a C+ in math. To me that is a big leap he went from a F to a C+.

I fell that he made he did the best he could and found the rode of succeed. He loves to play basketball and would be crushed in he would have to have a B in order to play.

In his min he will be heart broken and feel that his goal was not worth it and not do so good on his report card the third time around. He will be dismayed with his work and grade will drop in the school

I am part of the on the school basketball team as you know and some kid have been kicked on the team for grade and have brought their grade up to C+

and they are back on the team.

If you bring the average to B it will effect our team and we will not be able to play in the championship match in three weeks.

the team will have to forfeit and we have worked very hard.

We have played both academically and sport wise trough out the year and to loose what we have been working hard will make us tear up and I personally will not give it my all in school.

TEACHER_NAME i beg you not to change the policy it will not hurt the student body but hurt you more.

Why do I sat this?

Well I fell that th student body will be mad at you for taking our way to learn discipline respect and the love for our sports.

We ill not be able to build the foundation for a strong morals in our hearts, minds and souls.