Cell phones Privileges

Cell phones have been around for years but just in the past few they have become hazardous, due to people using them in cars while operating them. They have cause death, serious injuries, and damage to personal and government property. I believe phones should not be used in vehicles without a hand-free Bluetooth system or passenger who can speak while you focus on what's in front of you. There's no age group or sex that hasn't been the cause of an accident due to their cell phones. There are many reasons technology shouldn't be allowed in vehicles while behind the wheel. There just as bad as drinking and driving. Cellphones are not okay while operating a vehicle.

Since technology has took thousands are at risk of crashing and dying. "The U.S. Department of Transportation reported that cell phone use while driving kills 3-000 to 6,000 people every year. Texting while driving is a contributing cause in 25% of all car accidents - resulting in almost 400,000 physical injuries. Texting while driving causes 5 times as many accidents than drunk driving." Phones have caused a chaotic distraction across America. How many more people must die before we give up on using cell phones and driving.

Not only does this distraction of cellphones while driving kill, but its costing a fortune of money that doesn't help our economy. "Distracted Driving and Its Economic Impact Highway crashes cost $871 billion a year - $277 billion in physical damage and another $594 billion in "societal harm," such as traffic congestion and lost productivity, according to the agency." Our country is trillions of dollars in debt and this doesn't help. Over one and half trillion dollars is because of distracted drivers.

There thousands of reasons that you should not be able to use your cellphone while driving. However, hands free cellphone Bluetooth or headset is okay if you're not getting distracted. I have proven the main harmful impacts of users on there cellphones while driving. It is hazardous, costly. and it kills not to mention police have writing tens of thousands of tickets annually, but the total number of summons written has dropped and risen over the past five years, according to the state Judiciary. These are many reason I believe you shouldn't be able to use a cellphone while operating a vehicle of any kind.         