Are you ever just stuck and don't know what to do? Well yea, asking one person could be could, but what could be even better is if you ask multiple people. I'll tell you some reasons. Whenever you get stuck you ask someone about it right? Well asking multiple people could get rid of all those problems you face when only asking one, it could be better, and more useful. I think when someone questioned's multiple people it's good because, maybe the one person they asked originally doesn't know, or even you could get your own ideas and then you could choose.

When you ask a single person something they might not know, or you might not like the answer. Asking lots of different people can increase your chance of getting a good response. For example, I had a friend ask me once "what's the answer for the math homework?" Now I really didn't know so I said "I'm not sure, but maybe someone else does" They left unsatisfied and unsure. I saw them walking around asking other people, and sure enough, he came back with all the answers in less then thirty minutes! Don't worry we were allowed to have partners so we weren't cheating, but see what asking lots of people can do!

When you have a couple of ideas, but do not know what to pick from, ask other people they can give you a better understanding and idea on what to choose. So, this happened about three months ago. I was getting basketball shoes and I was stuck between two pairs, I then sent them to a group chat with my friends within minutes I had a clear winner, later it came to my attention that they were really good basketball shoes so I am glad I let them help me. On another occasion though, maybe you want to go to kings dominion and the beach for a summer party, but you aren't so sure it doesn't matter to you so you ask other people, that then gives them what you like and they like.

Asking one person can be good if just want one opinion, and one response. In the long run though, asking multiple people is so much better, for when you are stuck, need answers and lots of other stuff. Anyways i'm gonna go but I hope this essay helped you get a better understanding on why it's better to seek mutliple opinions and answers.