The first reason why I think the new technology to read the emontional expression for students in a classroom is valuable, because it will be helpful for students who are sad/depress These causing can be caused by bullying, a depresion, home issues, etc. In need of help from bullying meaning if the student is getting bullied we could help the stduents asking who is bullying them. Teachers can figure out why some students are have trouble during class time it can be causing by the bullying. It also can help to see if students are going threw a depression, so if the students are going threw a depression teachers can send their students down to the students consonlors and try to help their student by having a meeting and asking questions.

The second reason why I think the new technology is vauble is because the teachers figure out students why they have a lack of communication with the teachers or why being late to school almost everyday. These causing can because of depression or of bullying. Social media doesn't help either because thats the main problem or because of cyberbullying or because of schools.

The third reason why I think the FACS can help teachers figure out why student by not having suscide thoughts and etc. Being sad or lonely can lead to sucide thoughts for stduents which nobody wants. The text sates "Accroding to the Facial Feedback Theory Emotion, moving your facial mucles not only expresses the emotions but it also may help produced them." The FACS can help the teachers

The new technology says what your face expression is going to be to tell if you're sad, happy, surprise, anger, disgust,fear, or depressed, etc. Dr. Paul Eckman the creator of FACS (Facial Action Coding System) in the text it states that "associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." you can tell by these epressions by your facial mucles for example your eyebrows, around your mouth. Those are reasons why I think FACS (Facial Action Coding System) is valuable for schools in the classroom.      