You have been hit with an emotional roller coaster ride that wasn't what you signed up for. Your closest friend has told you heart-breaking news over the phone. "I don't want to see you anymore. I am not going to keep doing this, lying to you. I am not able to keep up this facade anymore. To tell you the truth, I can't handle our relationship. I don't want you to think that the way we are ending is your fault but we just don't mesh as much as we used to. I called to say my good byes and let you know about my real feelings, my true feelings. If you have anything to say to me, this is the last time I will be listening. Also, before I forget, don't call my number unless it is an emergency." Your mind goes blank but, slowly, the weight of their words hits you. Your head is spinning, the unfinished thoughts and emotions are building up inside you, clouding your vision, begging to be released. But with the fear of what might be said if you stay on the phone, you end the call, letting the situation sink in, thinking about what just happened, and how to react. It is hard to avoid, inevitable even, to end up in a situation that doesn't sit well with you. People go through situations that leave their brain scrambled and their heart torn on the daily. They either react irrationally, angrily, or they become confused on how to react, going to other's for their words of wisdom, the feelings of the situation still resonating within them. As a sociable society, we seek multiple opinions to hear what others think, help us make smarter decisions, and allow ourselves the freedom to feel satisfied with how we acted towards the situation afterwards.

Listening to an outsider's opinions will let us know how they see the situation and would react. Calling someone with more experience, like your parents would benefit you in a multitude ways. Your family have been in this world much longer than you have, they have faced event similar to this, and worse. When asked what they did, you will hear how they reacted and the consequences of what they said and did. You learn from where they went wrong and succeeded, while gaining the understanding of what might happen if you were to react the same way. Sadly, your parents doesn't know this person in the way you did, so their advice might not be helpful. Your friend might not have lived as long as your parents, but they know your ex-best friend as well as you did. Getting advice from someone who knows the situation and those involved is very helpful, as it means that you get an idea of how to react from someone with a similar view point on your ex-best friend and who understands the event a little more closely, to tell you their opinion. They are able confirm if something like this is normal for your ex-friend, or if that person is going through something. Your friend can let you know if your plan of action is amazing or if it would be ill-advised. But the person you ask may be partial to your ex-friend. So, you can ask a co-worker or someone who doesn't know your used-to-be-best-friend. Obviously, you want this person to be someone trustworthy, but even a semi-stranger can give well-thought out advice. They don't know the person involved, so you get a less biased point of view on how you could react. The more diverse the ideas we get from the people who care, the clearer our vision gets to what could be a smart way to cope.

Once you clear your head, you allow yourself to make the decisions you couldn't before. You have gotten everyone's opinions, so what is next? You will have to sort through those new ideas. Find out what would help the situation, and what you would be comfortable doing. You can't do a trial and error test since you can't turn back time, but there are many ways to sort through these potential solutions, you could imagine the scenarios, write them down, anything that helps you sort these new possibilities. You want to have confidence in yourself about the situation. You may be questioning why the situation turned out how it did, but it is in the past. You have to compose your thoughts, since you can't be an emotional mess and be rational at the same time. You wouldn't want to do something you will regret and make the situation worse. Let the hurt and pain go so you can feel the happiness flow through you, to prepare for the newly smooth road ahead.

You don't have to confront the person. Just leave the emotions rest, so that you can be positive about how you acted when the time comes. When you see the person next, you don't want the negativity to rise back up and ruin all the progress you made to be happier. Calm the storms that remember the pain and sadness, and allow yourself to continue the day with joy and happiness in your eyes. It helps everyone when the pain of the event dissipates. Your family and friends feel your discomfort and pain, and it makes them feel disheartened. When you smile, they smile. The people that gave you their advice, care for you and want you to be alright when the drama ends. Slowly, because of all the words you heard and all the work you have done to feel better, you will feel amazing and that will ripple to everyone else. When you accept that the person left and the situation is not your fault, you can ultimately be satisfied with the event and accept the after effects.

It helps when we have others to lean on. It allows us to hear a variety of opinions, so we can learn from others mistakes and successes. Hearing others thoughts opens you to have a clear head, for making the healthiest decisions. The most important piece of listening to other's advice, you can move on and live a happier life, being alright with what happened and accepting it. Seeking other's opinions might sound like a lot of work and seem nerve-wracking, but in the end you are helping yourself to feel better. People won't judge you for wanting to listen to their thoughts, so if the situation ever arises, you know you can turn to someone.