Although traveling outside of the Earth seems very cool, there are many risks that have to be taken into consideration when choosing what adventure may want to be taken next. In this paper, being shared will be opinions on how the author supported his claim, some of the ways the author backed up or tore down his claim, and finally we will share some of his claims. With Venus being a completely new terrian to be looked at, it is diffivult to show how the planet would react to tests that NASA would like to try with sending a space craft onto the surface of Venus.

In this first paragraph, the authors claims are going to be shared with the readers. The author stated some very interseting things when it came to finding new ways to travel up to Venus. The authors views on traveling to Venus were more one sided towards going and risking it to try and make a new ground breaking discovery. The way the author was describing some of the methods of trasnportation that could be possible to the austronauts that could potentially be travleing up there, was very sided towards him wanting to go through with anything that NASA wanted to try. This quote from paragraph 8 states, "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imadination and innovation." This quote from his article is that we should not limit what we do, but oh do not forget that the risks are kinda high and your sruvival rates might not be the best. This is an opinion that the author is feeding to us that risking peoples lives to go to Venus, in test missions, is more important than actually trying to find a solution that will work one hundred percent of the time.

In this next paragraph, being discussed will be some of the ways the author either stood up for or tore down his own claims. In paragraph 7, the author states, "NASA is working on other approaches to studying Venus, For example, some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such ocnditions." This quote is stating a back up to his claim that he is making. With NASA working on traveling to Venus in the near future, the technology could also be used by researchers who are trying to allow people to go to Mars and investigate what is going on there. The technology they are talking about in this article might be about Venus, but it is still and option to use it for other projects as well.

However, there are still a few ways that the author tore down his own claims that he was making about the mission its self. In paragrpaph number 6, the author states, "However, peering at venus from a ship that is orbiting or hovering safely far above the planet can provide only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective." This quote is showing that the author had thrown out one of his ideas but then he starts tearing it down because he is stating that it will not give the information that is neccessary for this trip. With the author tearing down one of his own ideas about how to get up to Venus and get information on it, it is a little harder to try and trust some of the options that he is putting out.

The author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" made many claims about how NASA could get space ships and different things onto Venus to show whats going on there. In this paper, it was stated that the authors views on traveling to Venus were more one sided towards going and risking it to try and make a new ground breaking discovery. The author was able to give pros and cons to all of the options that were as options for equipment that could be used to get the information that is wanted from Venus. In conclusion, the author did a great job on proving his points and views on ways to get to Venus, and how we can do it.