Many places in the world, seem to be faceing similar problems; Traffic, pollution, and stress.

Some advantages to limiting the usage of cars; is to reduce stress, help the enviorment, and less traffic jams. In "Car-Free Cities" Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two, stated "when i had a car i was always tense. I'm much happier this way." Also in this new approach people are more accessible to public transportation. The United State's Enviromental Protection Agency has started promoting "car reduced" communities. This is a great benefit to the people and the enviorment.

Congestion in the streets of France seem to be a mayor problem. Also "smog" has occured in the air because of various motor vehicles. In Source Two: "Paris bans driving due to smog" after ordering people with even-numbered license plates to leave their cars at home the congestion of smog and traffic went down by 60 percent. Since cars with certain license plates weren't allowed on the street certain days people were given free public transportation,"public transit was free of charge from Friday to Moday". which has also reduced pollution.

In source three: "Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota" also demonstartes the positiveaspects of limited car usage. Even buissness man Carlos Arturo Plaza is talking about it, "It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." Colombia's way to reduce pollution and the smog in the air is by promoting alternative transportation. If people decide to go against the day of no cars in the street, they will be faced with $25 fines. It was such a positive outcome that two more cities other than Bogota decided to join, Cali and Valledupar, joined the event. But throughout time Enrique Riera, the mayor of Asuncion,Paraguay commented "these people are generating a revolutionary change, and this is crossing borders." This campaign began in Bogota in the mid-1990s. this event has dramatically cut traffic; and new restrants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up.

The advantages of limiting the car usage, helps the enviorment by not causing much pollution to the air, because of the motor vehicles. Causes less stress and tension to people that have a motorized vehicles,also causes less traffic collisions and more space.                    