Do you think that all students must participate in at leats one extracurricular activity in school? I disagree with this decision because, some students dont have a ride to pick them up after school, they migh have to babysitte there little brothers and sisters, also they might have some family issues going on. Some students might not want to join any school activity not even if you try to convinced then to.

Some students don´t have a ride to pick them up if they participate in a school activity. They couldn´t get picked up because, either their parents are at work or doing something very important. So you have to call one of your family members and hope one of them could pick you up. I had to call one of my family members to pick me up because, my mom and dad couldn´t pick me up, I was so scared that no one was going to pick me up, but thank god that my aunt came an picked me up. Somtimes you might have to ask one of your friends parents or their older sibling that can drive to take you home.

Some students have little brothers and sisters they have to look after because, their parents have to go to work or their parents have to go do something real quick. For example your parents could go grocery shopping, go on a date and more. Your parents might not want to hire a babysitter to watch your little siblings because, they not trust the person with their kids, so they tell you to watch them. Most likely your parents have to work all week so your mom, or dad just ask you to watch your younger siblings.

Some people have family issues that they have to deal with. For example if one of the family issues was, my parents are all ways are arguing everyday and you have little siblings, wouldn´t you go home and protect them and calm them down if they are scared? I would go home and do that if i had young siblings. Some students could have worser issues then that because, their parents could be getting a divorce, one of their parents could be getting abuse or someone could have died in their family and more.

So that is most of my resends that I disagree about all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity in school. Student have thing going on in their lives that they can´t participate in any school activitys. Some students don´t even want to try school activitys even if you try to convinced them gto do so. Trust me I tired to convince people to do school activty like play sports or even join the club, they just wont even try it. Anyway most people don´t have a ride to pick them up, they might have to babysitte their sibling or they just have some family issues going on; Also their are even more reasons than mine to prove that all students dont´t have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity in school.