Phones and Driving

Distractions can serve as a curse and a blessing. Not giving full attention to what we should be doing makes us miss deadlines, fail classes and crash into other drivers. Distractions sure comes with a price! Mobile phone use while driving is a particularly important form of driver distraction. It can increase the risk of traffic accidents by up to four times.

Our brains have a limited ability to focus. We can't pay attention to everything around us at once so we must choose what to focus on. For instance, while driving we are supposed to keep our eye on the road , but as soon as our phones chime the brain automatically wants to check the phone ,taking your focus off the road and to the distraction which can cause you to crash into other drivers. Due to our brains ability to focus on one thing at a time NO driver should be allowed to have a mobile device while driving a motor vehicle.

Talking on a cell phone may be less distracting than some other activities people may engage in while driving. Sadly, some people still don't get this one. Alcohol has an effect on your motor skills and judgment, meaning you just simply just cannot drive and be intoxicated at the same time .Research shows an increased risk of death for drivers who have been distracted by their phones checking or sending social media posts takes eyes and brains off the task of driving. Even though phones can cause a distraction your focus should be on the road. Therefore, drivers should not be allowed to use phones or be under any kind of influence while driving.

To conclude, no drivers should be allowed to have an operating mobile device while driving simply because your brain won't be able to process a car and a phone at the same time. Driving can be dangerous business. Every year, a shocking number of people lose their life or are severely injured while traveling in vehicles. Leave your phone in your pocket or purse and take it out once the car is stopped. Save your life and the text.         