The Universe is an intruging and undefined place that we have begun to understand. Although we have started the search of other planets, there remains a plethora of information that is still undiscovered. Existing life forms have not yet been proven true on any other planet besides our own, Earth. Based on evidence and scientific understanding of the world we live in, the Face on Mars is a structure created by random chance.

Pictures taken on other planets, including Mars, only tell us to a certain extent what the planet is like. Rock, dust, and crater formations are seen in many areas of planets. Just as with Earth, other planets change throughout time from asteroid collisions, internal movement, and natural occurences. From the era in which we live in, we can only know so much about the planet Mars itself. Just as well, full scale space exploration has only recently become possible with innovation and technology of our society. As seen in paragraph seven, "Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos." This proves to us that new additions to technology have been made in a short time period, from 1976 to 1998, twenty-two years. We can see from this that everything, with a second, more detailed look can change.

In addition to technological improvements and understanding of the universe, our belief in social media and public news is phenominal. We trust in almost everything that news reporters, magazines, websites, and spreading word tells us. Rumors and false reports spread quickly and in a wide range. Also, expounding on existing rumors happens often. When the public heard of the Face on Mars, word of aliens and other beings existing on Mars dispersed through the people of Earth. Many people had believed that NASA was keeping such information in secrecy from the media. As public interest peaked, NASA was persuaded to investigate the landform on Mars once again. The public interest can be seen in paragraph five, "The Face on Mars has since become a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows, even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years!" This shows us that our belief in public reports is true. We believe in what media and others tell us, not always specifically what the source, in this case, NASA tells us.

Lastly, NASA researchers are professionals who work with outerspace accounts everyday. It is more plausible to believe in what they tell us rather than what others tell us. As concluded in NASA's research it is seen in further pictures that the Face on Mars is just a landform. There is no extraterestrial link with picture or Mars.

In Conclusion, Pictures and technology back when the original, Face on Mars, was seen is old and outdated. Newer technology proves to us that the picture just happens to be by coincidence and chance. Social media may spread rumors or false reports and should not always be believed. Public attention should be given directly to the source in which the information has come from. Therefore, NASA's research and conclusions should be of our most interest and paramount importance. The Face on Mars is not of alien origin and is simply just a landform created by chance. 