Driverless Cars Are Coming?

Who is ready for driverless cars? Driverless cars have been seen on television shows as well as many movies for quiet some time now. However, car companies are making that fantasy into reality. There are so many disadventages to driverless cars, but here are a few. The first main problem of driverless cars is the safety of human life. Secondly, the money we tax payers would have to pay on new roads. Lastly, the drivers being too tired to drive themselves. Are most of these problems worth being lazy?

Human life is such a miracle on its own, do we really need a piece of techonogly to take us to the grave? Driverless cars steer, accerlerate,and brake themselves, but what if the cars do that at the wrong time. I certainly would not want to be in a drivers seat without having control. Technology is never perfect, and not realible enough to run a car. Granted that most cars are made of technology, but not driven by technology. I would not want any of my family being harmed because a driverless car having a malfunction. Technology does not have a life, but we certainly do.

Taxes, more taxes, and even more taxes doesn't that sound fun? Well, if you want driverless cars that is what you will pay! Most people earn hard earned cash, but those who don't we pay for them. Taxes goes towards schools, street repairs, lazy people, and many more things. Is it right that we would have to pay for another problem? If we switched to driverless cars we would need "smart-road sytems". This system is way too dangerous and expensive to even consider. What about all the country roads and streets? Would these driverless cars still be able to function?

Over the past one hundred years, us as a nation have begun to be too lazy. Laziness and being tired are two completely different things. Have we seriously gotten lazy enough to have a driverless car? Why would you buy a car if you could not fully drive it? If you are that lazy, there are buses, subways, and taxi's. Plus, if you were really that tired, would you really want technology driving you around? Would you feel safe in the arms of technology?

In conclusion, the idea of driverless cars may sound "cool", but what about the safety concern? Of course there will always be safety issues while driving normally, but what if you cannot control these issues? Human life is already being taken over by techonolgy, but do we need it to take us to our grave faster? Our hard earned money will be flying out of our windows for new roads. Lastly, our laziness will only hurt us in the long run, if we are not careful. Are you ready to lose control of your life because of driverless cars?