In the passage Making Mona Lisa Smile they talk about a new technology called Facs. This stands for Facial Action Coding System. I am for this technology because it would be pretty cool to see other peoples facial expressions with this new techonology.

Fore example, if we used this on other studants in the class you could tell what expression is on there face even if the just look like they are happy. Secondly, it would be helpful because if someone is having a rough day but is not showning it with there facial expression you could use this device and talk to them and make them feel better. Lastly, it could be helpful because the kids would get to experience something cool that they have never seen before.

Secondly, the groupe of studants could use it for a project to have fun and use it on the studants that are in there groupe. On the other hand, studants could do different facial expressions to see what kind of facial expression comes out like if they are happy, sad, mad, or neutral. Another positive reason is that your home PC is not able to do anything like this so it is a new experience for everyone. Lastly, I think that the studants from all ages would like to do this because nobody has ever experienced this before.

Lastly, I think that this would be fun to use because it would be a great experience. Fore example, you could use it on your friends or they could possibly use it on you. Secondly, you could try different faces to see what kind of facial expressions you can receive. Lastly you could use it to see if somene is mad or you could use it on famous pantings to see what the picture givs back in facial expressions.

In conclusion this new techonology called Facial Action Coding System (FACS) could be used in every day life. Secondly, you could use it around your town or city and be able to gelp someone out if they are feeling down. Lastly i think this would be good techonology to use in every day life because you could help a lot of people in need with just one face scan. All in all, this techonology could get even more advanced and will probably be abled to detect more than just facial expressiosn.                         