Why is it impirtant to have multiple people give you advice? Some peple might need more than one persons edvice to get different perspectives. Other people might need multiple people so they can have back up with them about the situation. But everyone has their own opinion on situations. Or some people might really need some help with the situation. Finally lets talk about why i think these reasons.

First,I think the reason why some people might need multiple people for advice is because the are going to need different perspectives. Most people that think through things and brainstorm in their head what their going to do, They would most likely want other peoples opinions on it. Other people might have different perspectives about some things and they might want to hear what other people have to say about it. Strangers might be the best to talk to because of the opinion that different veriodes and catergories that people may have. There are different people in this world that people are gong to want to have cause of what they have to say about different catergories. Finally thats what i have to say about this first reason why i think people might want multiple people.

Second,Another reason why i think some people might want multiple people is because they might want back up to help with the situation. Now if their family is like my famile then thats great becuase my family likes to get in drama and likes to back me up when i need then. For some people they might need more than just their self to deal or go through the situation with. Now look im not saying to fo and fight and drag other people into the situaion im saying to just express whats happening. Thats the conclusion on my second reason.

Third,reason why i think people might want multiple people advice or some thing is beause they actualy might need help. Most people might just handle the situation way differently then others might. LIke i know if im in a situation im going to want multipe peoples advice to see what the best route to go on. Now some people might just go through that sage where they are just stuck in the moment and dosen't know how to get out. That is my third reason why i think some people might want multiple advice.

FInally thats all the reasons i think some people might want multiple peoples advice. For some people they might want other peoples opinions for them to choose which way they wanna go with the situation. Other people might just wanna be on their own with the situation. You just have to take your time and go dy by day. You should just try yur best and do what your heart desires to do.