As someone who misses several school days due to me suffering from two different mental illnesses which impact my day to day life and activities, the resources from video chatting or being able to attend classes online would benefit me extremely. The idea that students benefit from attending classes at home is valid because a person suffering from a mental illness or multiple, could have trouble doing normal human activities and a person who is either sick or out of town does not miss lectures.

Mental illness effects peoples emotions and actions which could result to them having trouble doing basic activities a regular person does. Furthermore, dealing with those emotions and actions, it might make him feel safer and calmer doing activities in their own personal space. For example, if he is dealing with Anxiety, his brain might be his worst enemy in public areas, such as a school classroom, and it will make him over think and not pay attention to what is actually in front of him and might miss what the instructor is saying. In addition to that, dealing with Depression could also effect his mood of the day such as not getting out of bed or doing any type of hygiene routine. If he was able to do attend classes in his own space, his mental state would not be as bad as if he was in a classroom setting. In comparison to that, mental illness can also effect the body and how it reacts to situations. As stated before, Anxiety can make his brain his worst enemy in public areas. If his anxiety does not do good in those situations, it could lead to an anxiety attack or a panic attack during school hours. He might have to miss out in a class or two if he does happen to get one. He also might not know how to deal with those type of attacks which could result in health problems.

A person who either got sick and can not attend the class physically or is out of town and does not want to miss lectures could benefit from classes online. For example, he could easily access the school work and topic at any time, when he is not busy. He would be able to finish his work at his own pace, if it is online. This is also beneficial so he does not fall behind. This could potentially effect his grades and might drop down due to him not understanding the lecture. Which could lead to getting too stressed about lectures and class work, causing him to give up. In not missing any lectures, he could prevent this from happening and maintain his grades.

Critics may argue that looking at UV light for long period of hours could damage the eyes; however, the student can buy a UV light protector for his computer screen or could take breaks within each class period. Overall, the option of attending online classes or video conferencing is beneficial in many ways and could help students for many reasons. 