Sometimes called the Evening Star or the Earth's twin, Venus has caught many astronomers' attention. Astronomers are fascinated by how similar Venus and Earth are and are curious to find more information on the planet's enviroment, capacity, and conditions. The author of this article also takes great pride and hope towards the exploration of Venus,and has curiosity in their mind. The author uses the conditions, environment, technology, and details to express their support of the journey of researching Venus.

In the article,"The Challenge of Exploring Venus," the author uses the conditions of the dangerous planet to spark some interest into the article and to express their own interest into the topic. As stated in paragragh four the author asks,"If our sister planet is so inhospitable, why are scientists even discussing further visits to its surface?" This question gives hope to the reader and to the author about figuring out more about the Evening Star. The author also includes in paragragh four the astronomer's interest as stating,"Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." If you include this factor and insight into an article, the reason may be the author's interest and respect of the topic.

The technology used to find more information about Venus sparks interest inside the author. The author includes this information to express the importance of technology to enable the search for information. As stated in paragraph six the author includes researchers by saying,"Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus." The word "meaningfully" and "our knowledge" expresses how the author wants to contribute and spread information on the topic of Venus.

The author also has the belief of, as stated in paragragh eight,"striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." This quote directly states the study of Venus should be considered,respected, and contributed even if there is danger envolved. This is also directly stated in paragragh eight,"Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation."

This author belives the contribution and resepect is well needed and deserved to the research of the Earth's twin. They believe in possible life and are interested in the topic.       