A smile spread across my face as I clicked through the letter. And though this was my dream college, only my baby sister, Generic_Name, stood behind me, squealing with joy, even though she had no idea what this meant. Yes, my parents disapprove, when I told them I applied, their smiles quickly turned to frowns. I picked Generic_Name up, kissing her cool forehead. Her flowing pink dress twirled as I ran her around the room on my back. All my friends hate the fact that I'm going to a 'party school' and say that I can do better. Doubt then sped through my mind, like the traffic on an early Friday morning. Maybe I shouldn't go there, it is far from home. Why would I ask for my parent's approval and not take their advice? I didn't apply anywhere else, I was so certain that I would make it to this one school. The school that requires as low as Cs, when I get all As. The door squeaks open, and I see my mother smiling, holding her arms across her stomach awkwardly. "You made it, I'm so proud" She said gently. "I'm going to apply somewhere else, somewhere more my level, like Harvard maybe?" I said. "That's my girl, I knew you would come around" She said, as she wrapped her arms around me. Seeking multiple people's opinions helps someone to make a better choice because you can see other's views and they can help you realize something you didn't before.

Seeking multiple people's opinions helps you to make a better choice because you can see other's views. What you might not know about someone is what they've experienced. Especially if they're older. They could have made the wrong decision and help you to make the right one. I used to read a lot of books like that when I was little, and sometimes I still do. They're all about this one character that has an awful choice to make, and then lots of people guide them to make the right one. In the end, it's all happily ever after. Making a life-changing decision, like the college you go to, your career, where you live, sometimes it helps to ask the people that are closest to you. Ask them how they think you will change. They've known you their whole life. If you change, you won't realize it because you adjusted to your new self. For them, you may be a whole new person.

Seeking multiple people's opinions helps you to make a better choice because you could realize something that you didn't before. You know how in those cheesy movies someone always is faced with two options, and somehow they always makes the right one? It's because the smart on of the group realizes that exploding the whole universe would actually be worse then just planting a tree outside. Yep, it takes a whole 90 minutes for them to find that out. Or in those science movies that splitting an atom has a nuclear reaction? They find out the outcome and save the world. Let's use Jurassic World as an example. In the movie, they find out that the dinosaur is able to hide from thermal cameras, they find that out to late, SWAT is looking for ways the dino could've escaped in the cage and BAM. The dinosaur jumps from the leaves and swallows the men and women whole. At least now they know the dinosaur can hide from thermal cameras right? One step closer then before.

So whenever you're sitting on your couch, wondering why these people can't make the decision to plant the tree instead of blowing up the world, or you're sitting in front of your computer, scrolling through homes that could possibly be yours, ask others, like multiple people, what they they think. They could spot a rat in the corner of the house that you enjoyed so much, and guide you to purchase the next one, even though the walls are beige. 