How can seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice? It can help the person make a better choice because the more advice or opinions you give to that person the harder they think about what choice their gonna take. But not in all cases it's the same because everyone is different and every person has a different mindset,It can help people in a good way and in a bad way.

For example if a person who was seeking opinions or advice about what car to buy, they would ask for opinions from their family or friends about whats a great deal or price on a car?,Is it in good condition?,Does it have good mileage? Because that person doesnt want to buy a car thats not gonna be worth buying and, Their can be so many opinions and that would make the person think really hard about what decision he's gonna take because not everyone is gonna have the same opinion about the same car.

Many people can make bad choices too,like for example if teenager was to dropout of high school and didn't ask for opinions and advice about the situation he would most likely pick the bad choice and regret It after. If he wouldve gotten multiple opinions from people,they would tell him not dropout of school and they would explain their reasons why he shouldnt pick that route or choice and that person would really think about it and would think about the consequences.

Another example can be about having a baby a lot of people would have very different reasons if you should have a baby or not and depending on your age. If the person is around the age 21 they should ask a lot of their family members of what they think about having a baby,and if your asking yourself this, why should we ask for multiple opinions from our family members or parents? Because there those kinds of people who probably have already gone through that situation. And its best to ask people who have gone through a lot stuff because they might ve gone through really bad stuff or made really bad choices in there past and they would probably would be glad to help you out to make the better choice then they did.

Overall I think seeking multiple opinions and talking to more than one person can really help you out in a lot different ways and dont get me wrong their are cons too but I wouldnt say there are more pros because everyone has different opinions and advice. It can make a lot of people successful in life and in many other things too just because they took peoples advice and listened to their opinions. It can make other people make bad choices too probably because they took the wrong advice from the wrong person or didnt even ask for opinions or advice.           