Technology has evolved greatly in the past few decades. As a result, computers are replacing many traditional ways of performing tasks. Technology has allowed students to attend classes online. Many people are skeptical about the benefits of attending classes from home. Students would benefit from being able to take classes online because students can be more comfortable, work at their own pace, and be less distracted.

If students are more comfortable, then they will be more productive. Cars have adjustable seating and air temperature so that the drivers can be as comfortable as possible so that they can focus on driving. Many students complain about the cold temperature of the school and the stiffness of the chairs. It often leaves students feeling tired and cramped. If students are focused on how uncomfortable they are, then their mind is not completely occupied by their school work. People with stage fright do not complete their job as well as singers that do not have stage fright because they are nervous and do not like attention.

Students who are not comfortable in their own skin will not perform as well as other students because they are too nervous to ask questions or ask for help in front of their peers. If students can work from home, it erases the stress of looking a certain way in front of other students. Taking online classes allows for a more relaxing and comforting environment.

Allowing students to work at their own pace will benefit them. In the movie "RV"

,

a family goes on vacation and meets another family who home schools their children. The kids that are home schooled are much farther ahead than the kids that go to public school. The kids that work at home are able to learn the curriculum at the pace best suited for them. They do not have to worry about what other kids are struggling with. When people are running races, they go a comfortable speed that they can continue running for the whole race. This is so that they do not burnout at the beginning. It is the same way with students. If the teacher is instructing at a speed too fast for a student then they put all their effort into the work in the beginning then struggle to keep up. Taking a class online will give students the opportunity to work at a comfortable pace, allowing for students to create the best work possible.

Less distractions will increase a student's focus. When a soccer player has to take a penalty kick if a game is tied, the crowd is not supposed to yell and scream so that the player can have a clear mind. With a clear mind, they are more able to complete their task. Often times, students do not have a clear mind in the classroom because of the other students. It does not matter if they are inside the room talking with their peers or outside the room walking down the hall, these other students will take someone's mind away from the task at hand. When kids are first learning how to drive, they are told to not listen to the radio or drive their friends as a way to limit distractions. They might not notice important road signs, turns, or other cars. Students need to have peace and quiet to give their schoolwork complete focus, just like driving. They could miss important information like instructions given by a teacher. Distractions created by the classroom lead to less concentration that could be increased by taking classes online.

An argument against online classes would be that students are less motivated to learn if they are not in a classroom setting because they do not feel forced. When students are in the school building, they have to do the work assigned by the teacher while in class. They cannot opt out and do the classwork later. If a student is taking a class online and gets to pick when they do their work, then the student might become lazy and procrastinate, resulting in lower quality work. A rebuttal to this would be that while that is true, an online class will prepare students for college. In college nobody is forcing the students to do work and nobody is going to stop a student if they choose to not do assignments. It is the student's responsibility to do their work and an online class could help prepare people for that.

Being more comfortable, working at their own pace, and being less distracted are all benefits of students being able to take classes online. Parents and teachers just want kids to get the best possible grades. This could be a great way to help students raise their class scores. Students are the future leaders of the world and this could help them be as educated as possible.         