Dear principal,

I think that you should lower the required Grade for sports because since most of the kids have a C average and that would make it easier for people to join the sports team of their choice. Imagine if everyone had C average, nobody would be able to join a sports team which would ruin the purpose of having one. It would help out everyone because nobody would complain about not being able to get on the team because they're one grade lower than required. It is ok if they play a sport as long as they aren't failing any of their classes.

What if you were in their shoes for a day. You could see how their classes are like and how difficult it is to get a B or an A. Some could be bad at a specific class but as long as they try their hardest and can get a C then they should be allowed to join any activity they want to. It can even aid students to get a better grade in their classes. Some of the activities could be a club that is for a certain class that can provide help so that the students can get a even better grade.

If there was a B required for an activity someone could be close to getting a B but they are struggling to learn in a class. If they could join a club that helps them they could get a grade better than a B and would better their learning experience. Some would also offer to tutor other students with a grade lower than a C and would want to join a activity or a sports team as well.

It is for the better of the students and can suite many students that want to learn better in some of their classes. It can also help students for their futures for collages and careers. Ex. Math club can help them prepare for future math classes that they will take. A sports team can provide practice for their career as a professional sports player. It really gives all the students an advantage to learn better and achieve their goals along the way. Their point of view on school or their teachers could change too. A student could hate a certain subject but if they learn it better they could start to understand the class and even the teacher more. If you want to make the students happier and help them work effciently then you should consider my point of view.