Many teachers worry that over the summer break the students will forget most of the stuff they learned last year. The solution to that problem is to assign summer assignments to complete over the summer break. But there has been an argument over whether it should be teacher designed or student designed. I believe that the assignments should be teacher designed because it provides a challenge for the students. It also shows how the teacher teaches and what kind of work she gives. Lastly if the student is having problem with the assignment they could contact the teacher for help.

The first reason that teacher should assign the summer assignment is because it provides a challenge to the students. If the students were gonna design the assignment they would make it easy so they wouldn't have to put much effort into doing the work. If the teacher designed the assignment it would require hard work and more effort and time in completing the assignment. They won't be preposterous, just hard enough so that a challenge is provided. Giving the students challenging summer assignments would get them ready to take the class they are taking next year.

The second reason that teacher should assign the summer assignment is because it gives a glimpse of how the class is taught. If the teacher designs the summer assignment it would show the students what kind of work the teacher gives and then they could start to get used to his/her teaching method. It would also help parents know what to do if during the school year the student doesn't get used to the teaching methods. The students will also know ahead of time if they have issues with they way the teacher teaches, and better prepare themselves. it would also help them during the school year because they already know how the teacher teaches the class and what kind of work he/she assigns.

The third reason that the teacher should assign the summer assignment is because if there is an issue the student is having with the assignment they could contact the teacher. If a student is having trouble understanding or doing the problem the teacher could easily be contacted by her school email. If their friends are having the same problems, in the email he/she can tell her that she is not the only one that's having problem so the teacher doesn't have to reply to innumerable emails. If the summer assignment was student designed it would be really hard to get in touch with the student if they are having a problem. if the student did design the summer assignment he/she wouldn't help as much as the teacher that teaches the subject would help you.

As you can see, allowing these summer assignment designed by the students unquestionably be beneficial for the students. Moreover, the worry is that the teacher would make these too hard, but the teacher understands how students don't want to work over the break, so they know it would be futile to make them immensely difficult. If the summer assignment was designed by the teacher it would be for the sake of students and not the teacher. So that's why i believe the summer assignment should be created by the teacher and not the students, because it will provide certain amount of difficulty for the student, it will show how the teacher handles the class and the work she assigns, and if they are having trouble on the assignment they could easily get in touch with the teacher.                           