If one person told you that you were dumb, but everyone else thinks you're smart, would you believe just that one person? Of course you wouldn't. That ideology goes the same for advice. It's better to ask multiple people for advice than just one person. It can help you differ right from wrong, it can make you more confident with your choice, and everyone has a different perspective on life.

Firstly, it's important to find out what's right and what's wrong. Asking a lot of people for advice can help you see what your peers believe in. Asking older, wiser people for advice is a great way to learn. Older people have went through more experiences and have true reasons for what they believe in versus a more younger, inexperienced person. To give an example, say you broke your mom's favorite vase. You ask only one of your friends about it, and they say, "I'd lie so I wouldn't get in trouble." This is what this one person believes in but say you ask more friends and family. They all say being honest is better than lying. You obviously take the others advice and don't get in a lot of trouble. You then learned a good life lesson for the future.

Another reason is that this can help you become more confident with your choice. It's very stressful to be put in a situation that you don't know the answer to. You can feel boxed in, paranoid, and even depressed. Asking one friend may help with your situation but you may still feel insecure about you choice. When you ask several people and they all give a great explanation and reason, you can feel better about the situation and let your brain relax. Let's think about the last example I used. You broke your mom's vase and you feel terrible about it and feel afraid your mom will get angry at you. When you asked your friends and family, they all told you honesty was the best choice and your mom shouldn't be angry with you for telling the truth. This would make you feel less stressful about it and help you do a right thing.

Lastly, everyone has a different perspective on life. Everyone sees the world how they want to see it. A glass half-full kind of person sees the world with optimism and on the other hand, a glass half-empty kind of person sees the world with pessimism. In other words, some people see life as a lesson while others see it as a harsh reality. Their point of view is shaped by what they've experienced in their life and how they feel about those experiences. To use a different example, say you did something illegal and asked your friends what you should do. Everyone might give a different answer and it may be no help at that moment but later in life, you'll learn that everyone has different beliefs and feelings and you'' be wiser about what you should do.

In conclusion, asking multiple people for advice can help you know what's right from wrong. It will help you feel confident and less stressed with your situation. It also teaches you how everyone has different beliefs and we should value others advice. Asking more people for advice is beneficial to you and can help you form a better choice. 