There are many advantages to limiting car usage.  It is better for the environment, it limits time spent sitting in traffic, and saves money.

The main cause of people wanting to limit driving is to protect the environment.  According to an article by Elizabeth Rosenthal, "passenger cars are responsible for 12% of greenhouse gasses in Europe... and up to 50% in some car intensive areas in the United States."  Emissions from car exhaust is polluting the air and creating smog in large cities.  According to Robert Duffer, Paris had to enforce a partial driving ban to clear the air of smog.  Some people want new suburbs to be built specifically to encourage the limiting of driving.  Limiting driving does lower the amout of smog and air pollution in cities.

Another benefit of limiting driving is that it limits time spent sitting in traffic.  In Bogota, Colombia, a "car-free day" was issued.  The goal was to reduce smog as well as reduce traffic jams around the city.  The reduction of these traffic jams also reduced stress and promoted excersize.  People could stop worrying about being late for work because of the traffic.  It caused many people to walk or bike to work instead of driving or taking the bus.  Another advantage of this is that parks and sports centers have thrived across Bogota.  Limiting the use of cars isn't only healthier for the environment but also for us.

One final advantage to limiting the use of cars is that it saves money.  Citizens save money by not having to buy cars or the gas they require.  Also, citizens don't have to pay taxes for roads, parking lots, or traffic lights.  Another way limiting driving saves money is on the materials and equipment needed to pave roads and parking lots.  Since many people who live in dense cities take the subway or bus to work anyway because of the recent recession, limiting car use would be an easy way to clean up some pollution in that city.

In conclusion, limiting driving has many big advantages. It protects the environment while limiting traffic in cities, encouraging excersize, and saving money.  I'm not sure how it would work out here because of how spread out everything is, but it sounds like a great idea in a dense city.    