Many schools currently assign projects over the summer to ensure students are still learning over break. There is an ongoing debate on whether said projects should be designed by teachers or students. Some say summer projects should be teacher-designed; otherwise, students wont use their full potential, will procrastinate, and won't learn anything of substance, but this is not true. Summer projects designed by students would more efficient than ones designed by teachers.

There are various reasons why student-designed are better at promoting learning during Summer. Students will have more choices of what they can learn about instead of being restricted to what a teacher assigns them for that class. This means students can research subjects ,outside of the curriculum, that they may be interested in for their project. Learning about what interests them will motivate students to work harder on their task. Students will want to put more into their project in because it's personal to them, unlike projects designed by teachers. In addition, students won't feel like their time is being wasted on something they see no benefit in. Teacher-designed projects such as research papers, posters, and presentations can be mundane and seem utterly pointless. Students will want to prioritize jobs, relaxation and their social life over a project that they don't have any interest in.

There are additional reasons as to why summer projects should be designed by students. Students will have to complete the project they made on their own free time. This will prepare them for the future, where they have to be responsible enough to set up and accomplish goals independently, without anyone demanding them to. Teachers often make projects that require students to reach very high standards. Failing to meet these standards usually results in failure of the project, which can be stressful. Student-designed projects allow students to reach their own standards, which can make Summer break less stressful. Finally, student-designed summer projects give students something to look forward to. They can be productive and learn without feeling like their summer vacation is being intruded by school work.

Projects assigned during summer break would be more beneficial when designed by students rather than teachers. This is because it causes less stress, makes the students responsible for their work, and motivates them. Those who are opposed to this state teacher-designed projects encourage critical thinking, and learning during Summer, but this is not the case. It is important to let students learn for themselves so they can prepare for the future.