The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. The artice is saying that the new techonology can determine ones emotions due to their face muscles. This new techonology being able to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable because it could let a teacher or someone know that something is wrong and could help them. Also, it is valuable because like the article said if the student seems confused or unintrested the computer could modify the lesson. Another reason why it is valuable is because it could help with classes that you're taking.

Letting the teacher know that something is wrong with the student can be a great help because they could give the student recources to comfort the or even just try to talk to them and see if they need further help. If a student is not feeling well it could impact their school work and potentionally hurt their grades. With this new technology it can possibly prevent the student emotions hurt their school work and grades. With that being said this technology can help improve students in a classroom.

As I stated in my introduction i said that this new technology can help the students learn better. The way this software works is that the computer that the student is using in the classroom wil can have complex algorithms to determine the students feelings. Now if the student is showing a confusion facial expression it could modify the lesson as if the teacher was to do so. if the computr determines that the student is confued or bored and it modifys the lesson it could help the student by actually teaching/ presenting something that is going to be able to teach them more effectively.

This new software can help som student with the classes their taking. It could help with art, drama, music, speech class. The way it could help with art is that being able to determine emotions can benefit how the artist protrays what they are making by knowing what feautures dtermine a persons emotions. for drama clas it can benefits also by helping with facial expressions on stage or when ever they are preforming. In the article it states that a "renowned drama coach, had his actors carefully reproduce smiling and frowning as a way of creating these emotions on stage."

Keeping in mind that some student would not want their emotional expressions being read due to their privacy. But if some student were to agree on being read if could potentionally help them academically and emotionally.

In conclusion, the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable. This new techonology being able to read can help because it could let a teacher or someone know that something is wrong and could help them. Also, it can help the student if they seem confused or unintrested the computer could modify the lesson. Another reason why it is valuable is because it could help with classes that you're taking. With that being said it can be very valuable in a students classroom to help benefit them in many ways.