When making a decision, big or small, it is very important to talk to more than one person. Seeking multiple opinions on the same situation can make you think about multiple points of view, lead you to create your own version of the advice given to you, be a good bonding experience, and result in you feeling supported, cared for, and happy. When all of those factors add up, you are going to make the better choice to solve a problem.

Every person has different ideals, beliefs, and different ways of thinking. So, as you go around asking for advice, you will receive many unique ways of approaching the exact same situation. This will help you think about choices that never would have occurred to you if you had not asked for the advice of other people.

The best part about having multiple opinions is the fact that you can take all of it, or none of it! You can even make your own version of it based on what you think is best for you, by modifying advice that is given to you, and putting it together with your own take on the situation.

Another reason why asking for multiple opinions is a good idea, is because it is a great opportunity to bond with others and have extra help on a problem. For example, if there is someone in your class that you really want to be friends with, you can ask for their advice and have a conversation with them. If that person becomes comfortable talking to you, you are likely to become friends. Having friends with you can help you make the better choice when solving a problem.

Receiving multiple opinions allows you to have different choices, but it can also make you feel supported. Your community is an amazing place with an abundance of special people who want to help you be the best version of yourself. They care about what you do, which will make you feel much better about whatever it is you are going through, and help you make the right decision.

When you have no path to travel on when it comes to a problem that must be solved, make the choice to talk to your peers, family members, and other people in your community. This can allow you to have different opinions, make friends, and feel better, in order to work through your tough problems successfully.