Did you know that having an extracurricular activity can help you with high school and college? Have you ever had a passion for some kind of activity or sport, but couldn't do it because you never had the time? Well, now is your chance to achieve your goal of getting on varsity football, or working in student council. I agree with the principal that every student should have at least one extracurricular activity because it can help build new friends, build your self-esteem and confidence , and lastly it might just help you get a scholarship in college if you do a sport.

You know it's a struggle to make friends these days. People working together and helping each other out could possibly help them become friends. That is just one of the many perks of being on a team or group that supports you. The feeling of love, support, and praise can boost our confidence. This is one of the reasons why everyone should participate in an extracurricular activity.

Building your self esteem and confidence is one of the many things that we can achieve on our own. All you have to do is believe in your self and trust your friends. Supporting your friends and yourself can help everyone on a team come together as one. That is just one way of boosting yourself and your friends/teammates. Although, it is very important to encourage each other you must remember that doing it in a negative way could only effect your relationship with that person. That was my second reason for why I agree with the principal.

We all know that many people don't go to college due to the fact that they can't afford it. Well, maybe if you take a sport as your, extracurricular activity and you're good at it, they might consider giving you a full scholarship. Just keep in mind that you have to go to the same college and you can't quit the sport. As long as you enjoy it you will be fine. That is my last reason for supporting the principals decision.

Now knowing that picking an extracurricular activity can help you throughout your life. Consider that it can boost our confidence, help you gain friends, and many more. Hoping that you read this and agree with the principals decision. I also hope that you apply it to your life and become as successful as you can.