The way we should change the way we choose our United States president. I am against the Electoral college. I feel like with the Electoral college my vote does not matter. The Electoral college is a pretty unfair way to choose out president. I think its time to try something new. A expirement prehaps. How do we know the popular vote system doesn't work if we had not tried it. You know what they say don't knock it to you try it. We can avoid what happend in 1968 or 2000. Im just saying and im not the only one saying this but the Electoral College is unfair and irrational.

The Electoral college is a voting castrophe. Many people fell like their vote doesn't matter or even make a differance. Their not the only ones. Some people just feel like the Electoral College is way too complicated to understand. Some just rather have their vote go straight to the president. Well they say their trust is rarely broken. Well thats still means it can be broken. Also, whats with the ''winner take all'' ? People here that say '' wait what?''.  Well to start off its a little bit unfair. We the people just want to pick our president of united states not some electors who might not even be that loyal to the person you voted for any way. We young generartion should try something new in the future. Which im saying that the Electoral College is a little bit old and outdated dont yout think.

This Electoral College can be unfair and irrational at times. Also complicated as well. We voters wish their was an easier way to choose the president. well their is, we just haven't been useing it yet. They say they want to avoid another 1968. Or, even a 2000 election. Well i haven't seen any change or concern for this matter. Instead of chaging the rules , how about we change the voting systems in all. People have been trying to abolish the Electoral College for decades. People like President John F. Kennedy. Even one of our presidents was oppose to the Electoral College. Who is the Electoral Collage any way. Just some people who Dont currently hold office. Well whats the point of knowing who your voting for but not actully know who your voting for. Basiclly voting for someone who can not be trusted or not be loyal enough. We have to vote on trust and confidence. I know i want my vote to matter.

So you see why we should change the way we choose our president. The Electoral college is a pretty unfair way to choose out president. I think its time to try something new. Many people fell like their vote doesn't matter or even make a differance. I just want to seeif any change can happen in the future. This Electoral College can be unfair and irrational at times. Also complicated as well. If we want to avoid 1968 or 2000 lets make a change. Atleast lets try it out for a election or two to see how it works. Instead of going off of this is what we been using so we are going to keep using it. Im just saying and im not the only one saying this but the Electoral College is unfair and irrational.    