Many people say that there is a lot to be done while you're at school, but there is only a limited amount of time to complete everything that has to be done. This means that once school ends every day students are forced to wait until the next day to continue what they've already started. There has to be a way for students to be able to complete school work outside of school. Students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they can do more work from home, some students might not be able to attend school for a certain period of time to finish their assignments, and students will be able to prioritize their more important classes at school while completing less time consuming ones at home.

There will be more school work done at home than at school. This is because there are many distractions at school which leads to students not working productively on all of their assignments. When a student is at home it is easier for them to separate themselves from all distractions and solely focus on their school work. When a student is in a public area they will easily be affected by all of the things happening around them. The only way you can truly put all of your attention towards the task your trying to complete is if you are working alone without any interference.

If something were to happen to a student that prevented them to be able to go to school then they would get behind with all of the learning that they had missed. This is why students need to be able to attend classes from home. Once a student becomes injured or sick and isn't able to go to school having the ability to go to all of their classes virtually will prevent them from missing any essential information. Many times when a student is not able to go to school for an extended period of time it becomes impossible for them to be able to make up all of the class time they missed. This is why it will be beneficial for a student to be able to continue to get their daily school education from home.

Students only have a certain amount of time to do work at school everyday day. This means that they have to evenly distribute all of their school time with all of their classes. For students some of their classes are higher up in difficulty while some are lower in difficulty. As a result, students might need more time to try and complete everything for their harder classes while their easier ones require less time. This is why students need to be able to take classes from home because students can focus on all of their harder classes at school with peers while they are able to do the easier subjects at home. In the end, this will only be beneficial for students because it allows them to prioritize their time based on their class difficulty.

Critics may argue that students who attend classes at home will be missing out on the social aspect of learning which is essential to the student learning process. This is not the case because students will actually be connecting with other students in a new way. They will have the opportunity to be on a video conference call which allows them to connect with new people they would normally not have the chance to meet. Students can only benefit from being able to go to classes online because there are less distractions at home, it will let students to never get behind in school, and more time can be given to harder classes. This means that students will benefit from being able to attend classes from home.     