Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by a way of online or video conferencing. Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Online learning is a different way for students to take classes to pass basic high school or maybe even college. There are multiple ways you can take school online to get your diploma, such as conferencing, online classes like math, English, science , and history, all your basic credits you need to pass high school. There are good things and bad things about online learning and thats why certain people do it.

Taking online learning is much easier for some students because they can wake up at home were they feel most comfortable in most circumstances. You should wake up and set a goal of how much work you should get done that day, make sure its reasonable because just like public school you only have a certain amount of time to get it done. Online learning is pretty easy i have took it myself but theres people who never do work and end up trying to do it all in the end or just dont do it at all and fail. Some people are better at online learning because theres struggles in the classrooms ,or maybe a lot of distractions but with online you can do one on one with a teacher in a video call ,or you could just take online quizzes and study for tests until your ready for your SOL.

When you take online school you wont be able to do activities at school like football, basketball, baseball, and soccer. You will just take the things u need in order to pass high school and get your diploma so you can start your life as an adult. I like public school because i can make friends I love to have people i can relate to. I feel like if i did online learning i would feel lonely but thats my opinion. I also dont like public school because theres drama, fights, fire drills and basic stuff that can easily throw you off your focus game.

I think students would benefit from taking online learning at home cause they can focus on the education a lot better at a normal place. They can focus on there main credits and they can have help from one teacher or be able to study and take quizzes in a stable, quiet place. They wont have distractions that could throw them off or something that could make them sad at school . They will have more time in the day to work on school and more time at night too, and they can start working whenever they would like as long as it is a reasonable hour. So yes i think students would definitley benefit from taking online learning i did it myself i would know.