Going place to place in a car is surely the fastest way possible, compared to taking a crowded bus or train. Having your own car is very wonderful, you get to have the space to yourself no noisy people around you, you can turn the music all the way up if you wanted to. Yes, all that's great for you but, have you thought about the consequences? Well, not consequences per say but there are bad side effects to having a car. The biggest reason being is that heavy car usage can pollute the air and harm the environment as well as yourself. Some people think that cars aren't the biggest reason as to why the air is polluted, and use that as an excuse to keep driving. "[The smog] rivaled Beijing, China, which is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." quoted from source 2. The smog that was mentioned was from the over usage of cars in Pairs, smog that heavy could be toxic and very bad for your health. Heavy car usage does pay a strong role in the pollution that we have. Since most people who have a car use it all the time, I could just imagine how bad the air is right now.

Due to the high smog levels in Paris they had to put a ban on using cars, and if someone were to use their cars they would be charged a 22-euro fine which is $31 USD. This ban was later lifted to odd-numbered plates when the smog cleared enough. Pairs wasn't the only one to ban cars. As quoted from source 1 "VAUBAN, Germany-Residents of this upscale community are suburban pioneers, going where few soccer moms or commuting executives have ever gone before: they have given up their cars." In Vauban, Germany they have completly taken away cars! Unlike some people who can't live without their car for more than 2 days, A whole community has been without one for much longer. " 'When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way' said Heidrun Walter," quoted from source 1. Without a car they have nothing to worry about and in term live much happier lives, they also save up money since they don't have to pay for gas, doesn't that sound good? Now, you don't have to go to the extremes of giving up your car completly but limiting the amount of times you use your car would be a fantastic start and if everyone around the world limits the amount of time they use their car by half, even by a quarter, the air around us would be much more clean and happy.

Alternatives other than using your car can be going on a train or bus, and yes I know I said that they can be a little unappealing, but I rather suffer a couple of minutes on a bus or train than having the long term effects of a polluted environment. Don't like the idea of going on public transportation? How about car pooling? If your friend wants you to drop them off somewhere that's on your way to work anyhow, give it to them, beats having them drive their car and get more pollution in the air. As stated in Source 4 "I was curious about what kind of car people drove, but young people don't really car. A car is just a means of getting from A to B when BART doesn't work."  BART is reffering to the Bay Area Rapid Transit. As you can see, even young people would rather take public transportation if available.

Cutting down car usage can also mean you get to go out for more walks than usual! Walking is very important for your health but also for the environment, since of course, walking doesn't cause pollution. As stated in source 3 "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaced by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush-hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." This all happend in Bogota, Colombia ever since their "Day Without Cars" started, their community and outdoor lives have improved dramatically. Walking can give you a chance to get some fresh air and cool your minds off things you might be dealing with. If you don't want to walk alone, walk with a friend and get to know each other better, don't just sit in a car talking on the phone with them, cars have made people less interactive. Invite your friend/s to go out walking with you, to a park, to the mall maybe catch a movie, or something else along those lines. Not only walking, but biking or skatebording can be a fun alternative, distract your mind with other activities or find a fun and enjoyable way for you to get you fom one place to the next, without the use of a car!

"But America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. When adjusted for population growth, the number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter." quoted from source 4. This is an amazing start for us in the US, we are slowly growing away from cars, or well, we seem to be a little less interested in them than we were years ago! We still have a long way to go, but, I strongly believe that going without cars or using cars less is a real benefit to our society, and to us as individuals.    