So many choices! Which choice is best? Being in this situation is a horrible feeling. When not knowing which choice is best, seeking one opinion is never enough. Seeking no opinions will not help either. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions will help anyone make a fantastic choice because it will help them see multiple views of each choice, it will also help them get an idea of what more people think rather than just what one person thinks, and they will feel that one choice is best knowing multiple people agree.

Gather multiple opinions can help someone make the best choice because it will help them see multiple views of each choice. When someone is asking for advice the other person will say their opinion and most likely explain why they think it is best. When hearing that person explain their reasoning to why they chose that specific choice, the person asking for advice will view the outcome of that choice and they will see why it is or is not the greatest for them. By the time they have gathered multiple views of each choice, they will know the outcomes of each choice and see which one is best for them. The person will also be able to list the pros and cons to each choice using the multiple views of each choice that they have collected. The different views just gives someone more confidants in a specific choice, and they will make the best choice using that.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make the best choice because it will help them get an idea of what more people think rather than just one person. When asking for advice, only asking one person is not enough. This will give someone the idea of what one person thinks. Collecting ideas from more people will help someone make the best choice for them self. For instance, say someone named Generic_Name needs some advice, but she only asks one person. She then takes that advice from that one person and something goes wrong. This would most likely not have occurred if she took advice from more people. She would have gotten more opinions, and this would have gave her more ideas to help her make the best choice. So that is why when someone seeks multiple opinions they will make the best choice using the ideas of what more people think rather than just one person.

Getting multiple opinions can help someone make the best choice because they will feel that one choice is best knowing multiple people agree oppose to just one.

When gathering so many opinions, there is always one thing that people keep saying. When someone asking for advice chooses what multiple people said they will feel that they did make a good choice because more than one person agrees. When people only ask one person for advice they will most likely just hope they made a good choice because they know that only one person agrees with their decision. When people ask multiple people for advice they will most likely not hope, but know they made a amazing decision since a lot people agree with their decision.

In conclusion, gathering multiple opinions can help someone with making the best choice because it gives them more views of each choice, it will also help them see what more people think rather than just what one person thinks, and they will feel that one choice is best knowing multiple people agree oppose to just one person. So getting multiple opinions is very helpful when seeking advice. This does not only get someone to see what other people want, but it will help them figure out what they want. 