It's astounding how driverless cars are coming. They may not be perfect and fully ready yet, but they still work and are able to be used. It feels like the future is here. It's amazing how people can create these types of technology that has the potential of being fully automated. Who would have thought that people would be creating fully or half automated cars. It's facinating that technology has come so far, but isn't this a little to much?

Driverless cars, yes it would be nice to have but are they really safe as they say they are. What if something were to malfuction in the car and the driver is to careless and doesn't get alerted and this said person gets injured and injures someone else in the process. In paragraph 9 it states "If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault, the driver or the manufacturer?" This is a good question. Who is at fault? It depends on the situation. If the driver was too careless to pay attention it could possibly be the drivers fault, but what could have caused the driverless car to not work as properly.

So, what could have caused the driverless car to not work properly? One could be other unsafe drivers. How can some type of technology rely all by itself and worry about other outside objects and obstacles at the same time? What if some other driver who doesn't have a car that has "autopilot" and they were to have an accident and interfeared with your vehicle. In paragraph 2 it states that "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash". Yes without their cars crashing but what if someone else crashes into you? Imagine how expensive it would be if you were to have an accident with this car. Cars are already expensive enough when you get into an accident, but imagine how expensive it would be with a car that has all this technology in and on it. Plus imagine your insurance rates skyrocket with all of this.

In paragraph 9 it states that "if traiffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident." Yes, what if there are new traffic laws added. How would the auto piloted car know if something has changed or not. It's good how car manufacturers implemented the fact that a driver can take over if something were to happen. The same statement comes up again. What if the driver isn't alerted enough and doesn't pay attention. Something could still go horribly wrong.

All in all driverless cars would be great to have. It would make life so much easier for the common man or women to go to work everyday. It would even be nice to have for a nice long road trip with your family. There still is that one question, what if something were to malfunction and not make the vehicle safe anymore. Who is to blame? Even though the car manufacturers say that automated cars are safe, are they really the safest to have.                            