The principal has made a decision saying all students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. I do not agree with this decision. The principal should not be able to decide what students must do after school. For example, many students have things they must do after school and if the principal requires students to do extracurricular activities after school, they might not be able to complete what they need to do. So, I do not think the principals decision to require students to do extracurricular activities is the right decision because students may have homework they need to complete, they may have chores to do at home, or they may have a job such as babysitting or dog walking.

Every student has at least one teacher that gives them homework. Some students have multiple teachers that give them homework. Either way, you need to complete what your teacher assigns you. If students are required to do an extracurricular activity, they might not have time to complete all their homework. This may cause students to get behind in there classes and when the time for a test comes they might not be prepared because of the lack of practice. If students start failing there classes and getting behind in work, they may never catch up or have a extremely difficult time catching up. If students care about school they would stress about being behind or failing a certain class. They wouldn't have time to hang out with friends or have a social life because they would just be sitting at home studying or trying to catch up in school.

A lot of kids have chores to do. These chores may include: washing the dishes, doing the laundry, taking out the trash, or cleaning the house. Some kids have one chore to complete, some kids have multiple. Whatever the chore may be, kids should always be completing the task they are required to do. If students are required to do extracurricular activities they might not have enough time to complete their chores. If students have multiple chores to do, it might take them a couple hours to complete. If students get home later then they would normally, they would have less time to complete the task at hand. If students don't have enough time to complete these chores they might not be done correctly or they may have to stay up late doing them. When students have to stay up late they might be tired, or not focused the next day at school. If students are not focused they wouldn't be able to complete their work or learn very efficiently. So as you can see, not having time to do chores could lead to many bad outcomes.

Money is something that many kids would like to have more of. Some kids have a job such as dog walking or babysitting. Some kids make money for their own benefit, some kids make money to help with their college tuition. Not all people are born into a wealthy family. Many families struggle financially and their child working after school and making money may make a difference and help out his or her family a lot. Either way, kids need time to do their job. If students have to take time out of there day to do a extracurricular activity, they might not have time to do their job. If a student has a job such as babysitting, they have to be available when the parent needs a babysitter. If a student isn't available when the parent needs them, he may seem like an irresponsible child, and may never get another chance to babysit and make money. So as you can see, kids need enough time to do their job regardless of why they are making money.

Having all the time after school to complete homework, chores, and maybe even making a little money, is something every student would like. Not being required to do an extracurricular activity benefits students in many ways. No student would have to stress about not having enough time to do anything. Students would also have a lot more free time to do what they enjoy, such as hanging out with friends or watching movies. Also, parents wouldn't have to stress about their kid failing classes or not getting their chores complete. These are all reasons the principals decision to require students to do an extracurricular activity is the wrong decision. Therefore, I do not agree with the principals decision to require students to do extracurricular activities because students may have homework they need to complete, chores to do at home, or they may have a job such as babysitting or dog walking.        