My mom receives two emails, one for hockey, and one for football. Now I have to choose hockey or football, both are expensive, so I can only play one. The next day I walk up to my friends for advice, before school starts, on what sport I should play. I like to ask what others would do so I can get their opinions on what I should pick or do. It is good to talk to more than one person for advice because you can hear from other's personal experience, hear what others would do, and they can help list the Pro's and Con's about your choices.

When I have to make a choice it helps to hear from personal experience from others. One reason is you can hear why they did that choice. I like to hear what motivated them to make that choice, and if it was a good motivation. My brother played football because he though it looked fun and he wanted to try something new. Another reason it helps to hear from personal experience, is if they liked what they choose. It is always helpful to hear the outcome of after the choice was made, and if they were grateful or regretted the choice they made. My brother was grateful for playing football because he made more friends and learned a new sport. A final reason why it is helpful to hear from personal experience is, so you can find out if they would or wouldn't recommend it for you. Before making that finale choice, it is always helpful to see if they would recommend it. If they recommend it great, that means that they think you would be happy with that choice. If they don't recommend it that is okay, but I would not make that your final choice because they think it won't be the best option for you. My brother would recommend football for me because he knows that I like to try new things and I like to run. It's always great to hear personal experience from someone if it was good or bad. It is always appreciated to hear what others would do, even if they don't have personal experience.

When asking others for advice it is great to see what they would chose ,if they had to choose between those options that you have to choose from. It's helpful to hear their reason behind the option they would choose. When I asked my friend "Would you rather play hockey or football", she said " Hockey because she loves to skate and it just seems like a fun sport to play". When I asked another friend the same question all she said was" I would play football," She didn't even give a reason why.

What is the point of choosing an option if you don't have a reason to back you up. That just shows you're picking an option for the sake of picking an option. When people share their opinions they influence your final choice. When you add all the opinions people gave you it can help you make the right choice, therefor influencing your final choice. It's always great to hear what others would do, and why they would make that choice.

I also find it helpful to make a Pro's and Con's list, It's even more helpful when you make it with someone. It always helps when listing things about what is good about the choice. That list gives you a sense about why you should pick it and why it is better than the other choice. One good thing about hockey is that you get to learn how to handle a hockey stick. When making a Pro's and Con's list, you have to include the bad parts about your choice. One bad part about hockey is that you have to be good at ice skating. Once you list the bad parts about both sides it gives you an idea on why you shouldn't pick that choice. When you make this list with a friend or family member, they can help with coming up with things to add to the list. Even though this list isn't giving you a straight opinion, it is still helpful. Once you look at both the Pro's and Con's together it can help you get an idea on what you are going to choose. Making a Pro's and Con's list can be really helpful, it can be even more helpful when you do it with someone.

It is good to ask more than one person for advice because you get to hear their opinion on what they would do, they can help list the good and the bad on each choice, and you can hear what they choose when they had to choose between those options. Asking for advice is really helpful than just picking a random choice with out any advice. When you ask for advice from someone you can never go wrong.         