Auto-mobiles have been used as the average use of transpotation ever since the

Was there any other reason to use anything other than a car after that, no not really but now there are. After so many decades there arrives three valid reasons to limit the average joes use of their motor vehicle. One, you can reduce the smog build up in your cities, two; as well as smog greenhouse gases heavy up on areas in the Earths atmosphere but can be helped, three; people use public transportaion more as well as riding their bikes and walking. if you can limit your selves on car use, you can create a better tomorow.

First off, reducing smog in your area. smog is generated out of the tail pipes of motor vehicles and is bad for the enviroment and atmosphere. with limiting your daily car commute you can remove a good part from your area. when Paris had ordered that only plates that only odd number plates could drive on the roads on monday their large smog cloud of 147 micrograms of PM per cubic meter smog was greatly reduce and lifted the following day. so just one day of cutting the daily car commute in half a city as big as Paris was able to lift a smog.

moving along, the green house gases. Green house gases a like smog is a by product of driving your every day car to and fro work. green house gases are dangeours chemical gases that eat away at earths Ozone layer letting in UV rays that can be very harmful to you and the rest of the ecosystem. Bogata recently had a car free day in which no one was allowed to drive motor vehicles except for buses and taxis. their goal was to promote alternative uses of transportation as well as lowering the amount of green house gases let into Earths atmosphere. doing something like what bogata can help cut down on all the harsh chemicals being let off into the atmosphere.

lastly, finding other sources of transportaion other than every day car. finding another way of getting around is great for the community, it keeps you healthy and the earth healthy. Vauban germany is actually a car free city, it does not have roads on which you can drive upon but only a main street. everything that is needed in the town is no longer a car ride away but a bike ride away or a walk down the road resulting in a very community both people and ecosystem. as well as that is also saves people money not haveing to buy or a car for that matter. now think on how it would be like if your city did this and how much it would benefir from it.

In conclusion, having a car free day or banning about half the cars from driving on one day is not a bad thing but instead a good thing. once again you can reduce the smog, you ca even help keep green house gases out of the atmosphere, and for the last time find other healthier ways of getting around. so to ask the simple question why would you not limit your everyday car use.    