Dear state senator,

The United States has envolved to a rather unique voting system. It is based off of points regarding population. Which ever canidate has most votes in that state wins the points. The points then add up to a score and who ever recives a certian amount of points win. But, some could say this system is unethical and outdated.

Starting back to our founding fathers is when this system orignated. But, why do we still follow this system? Although it is tradition, is it not a good time for change. After all society is increasing to a much greater perspective. When the founding fathers created this system it was a much different time then. Today society has envolved to technology, equality, and high levels of population. The founding fathers most likely never expected the future to be like this. Also today magority of individuals of envoking changes in their lives. We should move with the flow of socitey and change with it. When does tradition become long enough? Maybe now or maybe in the distant future. But, no matter the case we should change and move forward soon, so we do not get lost in the dust trails of the human race.

Life is full situations of unfairness. But, would you expect a goverment to be unfair? Most likely not. This system prevents most citzens voice to be revealed. It takes an advarage citzens opinion on who they want to lead and puts it into a dark cave. It takes votes in each state and gives it an advarage overall vote for that state. How is that fair if the United States does not tally all votes? Instead they just award points. How are points going to show how a country feels? No, we should tally everyones votes instead of the states votes. Also most of the time states follow their govermental believes regarding being a republican or demorcrate. Maybe this shows that a state is bais and is rigged. We will never no because the goverment hids stuff from us. Maybe our votes are not ever taken into consideration. Maybe it is just numbers estimated to show that they are and they cover it up by saying "oh it is just points do not worry about your opinion". If any of that is ture, which it most likley is then shouldn't we envoke an ethical change for rights.

Why should a system that is old and shelding the truth remain with in a goverment that "cares" about their citzens? Are they afriad of change? Maybe they just do not want chnage because it is so easy to hid everything with the cracks and creaks of this system. But, they will never listen. They silence citzens by telling a lie. They make you think they no best. They allude to you that they help you. But what have they really done. Yes, offer protection. But, also put us in debt, made us loss jobs. They are to eaten up by ego the miss the concept of everyday citzens. Look into the truth of what is really out there.                    