Are you interested in traveling? Are you interested in meeting new people? Are you interested in being kind and helping? If you are interested in any of those things then you should join the Seagoing Cowboys!

You are wondering what the Seagoing Cowboys are, right? Well it is a group of people who get together and help all over the world with taking care of animals that would would typically would would find in a barn.

What we do is they take care of horses, young cows, and mules that were shipped over seas. It is a fun thing to do because you can be helping animals but also see all over the world and get to see cool and new stuff! Chances are you most likely haven't been to most place we go to.

I remember one time we had to ride a cattle-boat. people were alittle mad that they had to ride on a cattle-boat with a bunch of cattle. We were on a cattle-boat trip. It was pretty amazing and we also got to see Europe and China! People started to lighten up after they founf out that we were going to two wonderful places! It was the best trip we've ever been on!

Usually it takes about 2 weeks to get to the place we want to go. That's because we take a boat and sometimes we run into some bad weather, but if you just relax an denjoy it it will go by super, super fast! The bad weather can be bad that is why we have to take as much protection as we can! So, if you do join the Seagoing Cowboys make sure you have the right gear and you dress for the weather. Sometime it can be very cold when we are on the boat and then it can be SUPER hot when we get to our destination. Just make sure that you are always perpared and never not perpared!

If you get sea sick or homesick easy then it is not a good idea to join! If you get sick when we are there then you can't go home you have to stay with us at all times! So, it might be a good idea to bring stuff tha helps you feel better. It might be smart to bring medicine with you so you do not have too buy it somewhere else where it is expensive.

Well I hope that you join because we need sone extras hands! If you would like to sign up then PLEASE DO SO as soon as possible! Thank you very much!                                                                                        