Summer is the time of year students get to relax from going to school for 10 months. Though many people think it is unfair to give them out, projects can be administered in the summer. Regardless, if projects are given out during the summer, students should be given the option to create their own projects. Student-designed projects allow students to think independently, give motivation to do the project, and allow the student to express themselves personally.

While teachers do an impeccable job teaching, a teacher-designed project continues institutionalized learning. Projects that allow students to construct them make room for independent thinking. Independent thinking has major benefits such as better responses in class, because students absorb the information they learn for topics they liked researching, and a desire to learn outside of the class room. Projects enhances independent thinking by allowing the student decide what beneficial topic they want their project to be on and what time frame they want to create the project in.

When a child is given the choice to do something on their own, a better outcome is seen. For instance, a child who is given a choice for what to eat for dinner is more likely to eat all of their food versus a child who is not given the choice. The same thing applies to a student and their project. Because students will be allowed to choose what to do their summer project on, they are more likely to complete the project. Student-designed projects also increases the effort put into the project. When a student is doing a project that they like, they are more likely to put in more effort versus a project that has been chosen for them to do over the time where a student is supposed to be having fun.

Teacher-designed projects are extremely general. They do not adhere to the feelings of specific students. On top of that, teacher-designed projects are like the same projects administered throughout the year which demolishes a creative experience. Students who create their own projects get to express themselves. Students express themselves by choosing projects which mean something to them whether it is short story to a diorama of the solar system. An example of this is the Personal Project which is distributed the last year of the IBMYP program. Students are given the choice of a topic to talk about and present is. Many students were motivated to do the project and present it because they were allowed to express what was important to them.

In conclusion, student-designed projects are more beneficial to one than a teacher-designed project. Creating one's own project allows independent thinking, which formulates a desire to learn without the push of a teacher. Additional reasons students should be allowed to choose their projects is because it increases motivation by making them want to complete a project they enjoy and because they can express their feelings through a personal connection with the project they are completing.