Generic_Name gets home from the vet and just decides to stair at his dog. "She only has three more days Generic_Name, were dong all we can for her and her death might be painful so its your call if we should put her down," the veterinarian explains. The same words keep ringing in his head, three days to live, put her down. Generic_Name call's his mom "Hi honey how's it going?" his mom says cheerfully. Generic_Name tells his mom in a monotone voice, "Mom the veterinarian said that Generic_Name only has three days to live." As Generic_Name's mom's tone changes she say's "What happened to her, is she okay?" "The doctor asked if I wanted to put her down because her death might be painful," Generic_Name explains. Generic_Name's mom tells Generic_Name, "It would be the best if you put her down." Generic_Name hangs up after not hearing what he wanted to and calls his dad, "What's up buddy," his dad say's, but as Generic_Name tells him the new's his dad is silent not knowing what to say. Generic_Name's dad tells Generic_Name to call the veterinarian and ask what percentage Generic_Name had to live. Generic_Name get's back on the phone with his dad he says, "They said only twenty percent," Generic_Name's dad says "What the heck, let her try to fight it out." When asking people for advice, they sometimes talk to more then one person, because they have a difficult choice to make, they need a new prospective, and they are bad decision makers.

A lot of time's people have a really hard decision to make and need people's advice. This is something millions of people experience every day. An example of this is when us eighth graders had to make choices about what we did or didn't want to have in our schedules, when picking out our schedules. I'm sure that we all got advice via teachers, parents, or older sibling, we all had tough decisions to make that would effect our future. Know think of Spiderman Homecoming, a movie that came out a few years ago. Peter Parker, aka Spiderman, had the decision at the end of the movie to become an Avenger, but Peter Parker learning from his experiences and what others told him decided that they are right and he is to young to become an Avenger, so Peter politely declined. Know you might say what if the people helping you make these tough decisions tell you to do something stupid? What is say to that is that you just have to have some common sense so that stupid people don't ruin your life and use the advice of other people.

Most people only think one way and have a hard time finding another solution, because they can only think of their solution, that is why it is important to get other people's prospective. As you are playing soccer with your buddy's one of your friend's pull's a muscle and you incest that you call an ambulance. Your other friend's are not thinking like you, and tell him to rest and drink water because its not that serious. In that incest you would have wasted a tone of money and wasted an ambulances time by making it come checkout your friend, that would have happened if you didn't have your other friend's who had a different prospective then you. Know by now you have probably watched Avenger's Endgame and in that movie everyone had a different prospective. Ironman had moved on and Captain America had joined a group to talk about the people they missed, but everything changed when Antman returned and had a different prospective and had the idea to build a time machine. Know you might say what if every one in your group thinks like you and has the same prospective. What I say to that is that is impossible and even if it happened then go find someone, somewhere else who thinks differently.

People can be bad at lot's of things and one of those things is making decisions. In the episode "Hurricane" of the show American Dad, Stan, the dad of the family, makes bad decision after bad decision making things worse and worse. Stan makes his family stay in there house during a hurricane and then the streets flood, later Stan let's a shark into the house and even make's worse decision's later in the episode. So as you can tell Stan isn't the best decision maker and need's other people's advice. A lot of the time professional athletes make bad decisions and one of the most recent athletes to do this was Antonio Brown. He had a great job and was probably the best receiver in the NFL at the time, and then he lost it because he started making bad decisions, such as recording private locker room meeting's and tweeting very disrespectful thing's. These bad decisions ruined his career and if he just talked to someone and talked it through he might have gotten some sense knocked into him.

Two month's have past since the veterinarian said that Generic_Name only had three day's to live and she is still alive. "Hello Generic_Name," Generic_Name's friendly neighbor say's as Generic_Name exits his apartment to go walk his dog. Generic_Name respond's happily, "Hi how's your day been," Generic_Name waiting joyfully for a response. "It's been just fine thanks for asking Generic_Name," Generic_Name's neighbor say's as Generic_Name say's his goodbyes so he can go enjoy this wonderful day with his lovely dog that is still alive thanks to the advice he got from the people around him. When asking people for advice, they sometimes talk to more then one person, because they have a difficult choice to make, they need a new prospective, and they are bad decision makers.                