Anyone whould love to vist Venus, but there is some risks when it comes to it. For an example Venus is the second planet from our sun, Venus has the most highest temperature than any other planet, and NASA has an idea for sending humans to study Venus. There's so many things that can put someone in danger or at risk.

First, Venus is the second plant away from Earth. Venus can have alot of intresting things, people could probably live there, but no one has thought about the risks about being there. In the text it says "Venus is simple to see from the distant but safe vantage point of Earth..." It is more dificult to study Venus knowing how close it is to us. It is more challenging to examine since it's way closer than any other planet.

Second, Venus has the most hightest temperatue than any other planet. In the text it says "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system even though Mercury is closer to our sun" Out of any planet that isn't to close to the sun or Earth had to be the hottest. Would humans be ready if the really going to get sent to Venus be able to go? knowing how hot the temperature is. A humans temperature is 98 degress Fehrenheit. The conditions there are so extreme than humans on Earth like high pressure and heat. The weather is so different and since it is very hot then it is more likely to present "erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes" and more things like that.

Third, NASA has an idea of sending humans to study Venus. How would you react if someone said "Hey, you're going to Venus" like woah. The first that should pop in your head should be to research because you can't just go without knowing what's really going on out there. NASA think that they should send humans out there to study Venus, if it is safe for humans to go. In the text it says "Some simplified electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested in a chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface." There is many ways NASA wants to study Venus by forms of photography and videography, but they cant because they also cannot sample rock, gas from a distance. Someone would really need to get a close up and that where the risks come and no one knows that could happen.

Finally, if someone really wants to study Venus they will need to do a lot of research because this will be a hard mission to complete if they really to want to. Someone who is very brave should go because Venus is a very dangours place to actually study knowing the cons and pros. 