Generic_Name

Generic_Name

English Honors 8

March 11, 2020

Extracurricular Activities aren't Always Good

Dear Generic_Name,

I understand that recently you have made the decision of making it mandatory for each student to participate in a club, and respectfully, I disagree.

Lets face it, transportation can be difficult.

Most students have working parents which would make it hard for them to drop off or pick up their student.

Another reason is funding, as a public school we don't have the most funds and even though I really am for clubs, we dont' have the money for that.

Also we would have to create so many new clubs to accommodate the students that don't already participate in extracurricular activities.

Even if we did have the funding most of the clubs would probably just be people goofing around in a random teachers class room.

Because to have a good club you need to first find students who have a similar passion, then also find at least one teacher who feels the same way.

Then repeat that process a bunch of more times to make sure everyone has a club.

Lets go back to the funding that we don't have, how are we supposed to pay for the equipment and supplies needed for that club?

The school probably can't afford for it, most middle school students don't have any money lying around, and the teachers make barley enough money as it is.

Some say that when students participate in new activities it can give them a better attitude and make them distress, but as someone who gets a lot of homework, and knows that everyone else gets that crazy amount of homework to, it would probably just stress them out even more then they already are.

Almost as soon as I get home I start on my homework, and I'm sure others do the same, but if I had gotten into a schedule of having set times to do my homework, then having that pattern inturupeted by a new club or sport, that I was also unprepared for,

it would freak me out a little.

Besides, at this point in our life we should not have to worry about having enough time to do all of our homework, but even as it is we do.

So just think of the extra pressure that puts on us, and how that sets us up for failure in and out of school.

If they didn't already participate in a sport or club it's probably because they couldn't.

Weather it's because they didn't have a ride or maybe the just never found anything that interested them.

So I think that this makes it clear that even though students might meet some new people, or find a new hobby, it still doesn't compare to the large amount of cons.

Such as maybe not being able to get home, having little to no money for supplies and equipment, and of course the absolute tons of stress it will put on us as students.

Fondly,

Generic_Name