In school, days can feel long, and can drag on, so you probably don't want more time added to it. I think this too, and, because of this, I feel strongly about added time to school days; However, if my principle said everyone was required to have an after school activity, I might have some trouble choosing a side. In the end, I decided, if I'm going to choose a side, it would have to be the side with no required extracurricular activities.

First off, there are two reasons I have trouble choosing a side, despite being against longer school days, first being because everyone is different. Some people have more time, and wouldn't hate having an extracurricular in the way. Others have adaptable schedules, and even more just stay inside too much. So, to reiterate, even though I disagree with longer school days, there's always a different opinion with valid points or second point of view on a matter. This is no different. Of course, though, I chose the other side to really support, so let's get to that.

In support of my idea that school is long enough as it is, is: Why extend it any more? Some people already can't fit school perfectly into their schedules, so why add an extra hour or two? Others may have problems, such as a requirement for therapy, or a sickness, which I'm sure exceptions could be made for, but I don't think they could do it for everyone who has an illness. On top of this, and a much more minor point, what if people don't want to do it? If it's just one school doing it, thus not being a law to attend school at that time, why can't students just leave. At that point, it would technically be illegal to forbid students from leaving. On a final note for this paragraph, what if something happens at home, like the loss of a loved one? Will the school still keep the student from going home?

Another supporting point of my idea, which is closer to a question than a point, is: Why have it be required? There is so much you can do without having be required. You could put up more advertisements, or maybe, make them more interesting, so people will want to go. If you are going to make it mandatory, what is stopping you from just adding more classes? In that case, you may receive extra funding to make it more interesting from the government. Some may thing "But what if the government doesn't want to support the schools in the adding of more classes?" I only have one thing to say to that, which is: Maybe, if they don't want to support you in your point, why are you doing it. Theres most definitely something wrong with your idea if the government won't help you.

To conclude, I don't think we should make after school activities mandatory. If someone wants to join one, that is their choice, and it shouldn't be forced upon others if they don't wish too. After school activities are fun because we choose them, and we don't have to do them if we don't want to. We are happy with them because we are free in our choice. 