Have you ever felt that being in school is a distraction and you would rather have another option or way of learning? Well, I am going to be explaining why students should attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students nowadays get distracted by school drama like issues with teachers and problems with friends . Also, if students attend classes online or by video conferencing; I feel like students will be able to focus more and cancel out all the major distractions in their life. My position is that students would benefit from attending classes at home because less conflicts and drama appear to happen. Also, students will be able to focus better if they are at home learning rather than going to public area with plenty of people in one setting .

There are a lot of benefits from online schooling because you get to isolate yourself from toxic situations that happen in school. In my opinion, I think drama and distractions in school tremendously can effect a students grades. A student attending classes from home can help resolve conflicts and drama that could be happening to the student in school. Another reason why online schools would be beneficial to students is because students tend to follow the wrong crowd and associate with the wrong people in school; However, attending school from home would stop that because the student would be able to focus more on their school work then the drama and distraction that occur at school. Also, students tend to have conflicts with teachers which can effect a student understanding the concept of a subject. With online classes, issues with teachers can be resolved because it's all on you to do the work and there is no else to blame but yourself.

Students would be able to focus more at home rather than at school. Because, at school the classroom setting is big and there are a lot of students in just one room. But, attending school at home is most likely a small space where a student can focus better and get their mind clear so they can succeed in that particular class. In my experience at school when I'm with a lot of students in a classroom I tend to get distracted easily because of the high capacity of people in the room. Students who are with a lot of people in a classroom will get distracted easily and most likely when you are distracted it sets you back from getting the grades you are capable of getting. Focusing is a major asset of getting good grades and succeeding. From what I've seen people who focus more on school and less on the distractions around them end up passing the classes instead of failing. Testing situations with homeschooling can be beneficiary as well because, in school it's a hectic environment to take a test. But, if you are attending classes at home the environment is less hectic and you can have more time to take the test.

Although, I agree with homeschooling; Some, could say homeschooling is not beneficial. Homeschooling can cause mental health problems like social anxiety and depression. The reason why, is because students who are attending classes at home will not have time to interact with their peers who are most likely around their age group. Associating with your peers especially as a teenager is extremely important. Because, developing social skills with people is a reliable asset in the real world typically if you are trying to get a job of some sort. However, it would be more beneficial if students take classes from home than go to school because there are more pros than cons in this situation.

In conclusion, people are so caught up on the formal rituals in society today but never think outside the box. Going to a public school or private school is not for everyone; Sometimes, students need to take a different route to succeed. Thats why attending school at home is the right way to go because the benefits are something you can't ignore. For example, imagine having a quiet space to yourself focusing just on school work and nothing else. That would dramatically improve students test scores and help students understand what their learning more effectively.

Lets take a step back, all the distraction and conflicts in public or private schools are terrible. Is it really worth it if homeschooling can basically resolve those major issues that occur nowadays in school.