Do you really want your children living in a world covered in smog and crouded streets? It is shown that all of our development sense World War II has been centered on the car and this really needs to chang.

First off studies show that passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in europe.. And those number are 4 times higher in America, the land that you are raising your children in has the highest amount of greenhouse gases on the planet right now. If we could just do what the people in Paris did we can easily fight this smog epidemc. In Paris the put a law out were people with even-numbered license plates had to leave their cars at home or the would face a $31 dollar fine. then they carried out the rule the next day for people with odd-numbered license plates. This rule cut down the congestion by almost 60 percent in the capital. And after five days of this new act the smog over paris finally left.

Also in Colombia they have a program that is some what like paris whish is having a huge turnout. Many people are saying that the car free day "is a good way to take away stress and lower air pollution". The funny part is that this event is spreading troughout the neighboring countries. This day without cars is part of an improvement campaign that began in the mid-1990s. and it has seen the construction of 118 miles of bike paths, which is the most amount in all Latin American city's. SO why is it takening the U.S so long to jump into this program?

The final thing we need to talk about is that even though fewer and fewer people are getting their licenses its still not enough. And even though the researchers say that "America is past its love affair with cars" its still not enough. To truely make a change people like you and me need to get up and actually do something. Even if we can't get the goverment or state to pass it. We as a community can put our own no car days into action and just start walking.

Now that you know the risks about this rising epidemic known as smog how do you feel about the way the world is looking? And how esay it would be to just fix what we have be doing such a thing as walking. But truley is this a world you want to raise your children in?    