The high intensity pollution around major cities, towns, etc. is becoming out of control. Most pollution seems to becoming from cars and factories. As though the use of cars does not need to be eliminaed completely, it can be a major key factor in the advantage of limiting car use. Rather than using cars, people can be outdoors hiking, riding bike, skating, or even using public transportation. "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollition," said businessman Carlos Arturo Plaza as he rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife.

All around the world places are congested with people and cars. For the amount of cars there is it might be getting too congested causing too much pollution and many accidents. It might be rather safer to start limitting the amount of car use. Limiting car usage and rush hour restrictions will bring congestion down. Bringing congestion down will lower the amounts of smog in the air.  Cutting down car use may have disruptions with delivery companies, but plug-in cars, hybrids, and cars carrying multiple passengers, and public transportion are all accepted since it wont cause as much harm to the the enviornment as a standard car or diseal truck would.

The areas that dont allow cars tio be driven through may have a rode throught the border of town and certain parking lots just for the limmited amount of cars that that town would want to allow. Doing this would make suburbs more compact, public transportation would be more accessible, and stores are placed a walkway rather than in malls along the sides of highways. Putting together a city of pedestrians, bicyclist, private cars, commercial and public transportaion - can save time, conserve resources, lower emmissions and improve safety.

Congestion, and pollution may cause much harm to a city, but there are many ways to improve it. Everyone should know and consider many of the advatages of limiting car use. Some advantages would be as to cleaner air, smooth flowing traffic, taken care of buildings and sidewalks, etc.    