When people are seeking advice for something, it is important to seek multiple opinions to make the better choice for your problem or controversy. There are many reasons why having multiple opinions is better when making a important choice in your life. I will explain in this essay why having multiple opinions will greatly help you to make the better choice in any situation.

One is, if people give you multiple opinions to do something it you can compare the choices and make the best possible choice for your self. Then you could think of what opinion would be the better choice by putting each opinion up to the problem and seeing what outcome is the outcome that you would want or would be in your best interest. If you got another opinion then you could compare that opinion with the other opinion that you decided on when comparing the other two opinions before. If you didn't have those multiple opinions then you wouldnt be able to compare that lonely opinion and be stuck with only one choice and then you wouldnt be getting the best outcome for the problem that you had.

Another reason why having multiple opinions is important to seeking a problem that you have. Is what if you got your only opinion from a not reliable friend then you never no if you were making the better choice. But if you have multiple opinions then you could check if that sometimes unreliable friends opinion was a good opinion or if was a awful opinion. Then if you only trusted those two opinions only a little. Then if someone else gave you another opinion you could check there opinion with the others and you would have three too decide from. Also If they were all the same then maybe in the future you could trust that first friend to ask for the best choice for a problem without hesitation. If they knew that you trusted them then maybe they would ask for an opinion for a trouble they have in the future and you too could become better friends.

The last and final reason why seeking multiple opinions to help make the better choice. Is that studies show that 65% of people who ask for advice from two different individuals have a 33% better chance of solving the problem better and smarter then people who only got one or no advice from another individual. Also research shows that 75% people who ask for advice from three people are actually 39.5% more likely to make the better choice then people that only got zero or one opinions for there controversy. Then the final study that actually MIT did was that 92.5% of people who were granted 4 or more opinions or choices had an astonishing 59.5% better chance to make the better choice then people who were not given any or only one opinion to make a good choice for a problem they were trying to figure out.

So in conclusion when a person seeks out multiple choices for a situation they have they are more likely to pick the better choice. They are also more likely to pick good friends or people to get opinions from not someone that they cant trust or relate to. Finally when they have more then 2 opinions they are more likely to pick the better choice. This means that having multiple opinions for a problem is easily the better choice when you need to fix a problem or a controversy.