Some schools are offering distance learning for students to attend class from home. With online or video conferencing . I support thus idea of distance classes Because you can wake up anytime you want, Go in a slow speed to no overwhelm yourself, no one can bother you while you study.

First of you can wake up anytime you want so you can have the right amount of hours in case you work at night and you dont get seven to nine hours of sleep every night. Also you can do classes later in the day in case you want to work in the morning instead of the night. So you can have a career and have time to study to make your future come closer. It's also a good thing for people that have to stay home to look at after their sick parents or little brothers they won't have to worry at school if they are okay because they will be home taking classes and making sure everything is okay while studying.

Therefore they won't be overwhelmed about missing days or which classes he needs to make up a test or if he/she has a project coming up in class because all of that info is going to be in his/her phone or laptop. Its a better thing to have online classes doesn't take up half of your day you dont get overwhelmed with new info for like 4 different classes in one day. So you wont be stressed out as much that (study shows most kids that drop out is because they are being stressed out with so many info in just one day for like 4 different blocks in a single day). Online classes are better from what i heard it help's you better cause it teaches you what the state want's you to know instead of things you dont need to know like some side stories that teachers say to make you try to remember but end up getting lost in the story.

Finally when you do your work no one can bother you about the answer or what problem you in and they cant cheat off of you and you end up getting in trouble because they didnt stop asking or taking to you. Its also a good thing because if you don't understand you can go back a lesson to relearn it again in case you forgot how to do the problem. thats why Online classes are more proffered then actual class when you have to wake up early and go to school all tired cause you only slept a little staying up because of work or studding for the next unit so you cant fall behind or re doing a new untie while going into a new one. So i support the idea of distance learning for students and that schools are thinking about doing it would be a great idea.