Doing sports and after school activities could be very helpful and beneficial for some students but not all. The principal is making it mandatory for students to do an extracurricular activity like sports, student council, or yearbook but not everyone could love this idea. They should not make every student participate in an extracurricular activity. Everyone does different things when the school day is over. Some students may not be very good at sports and others just might not be thrilled with this idea.

Students may not be interested in participating in an extracurricular activity. Every student likes and dislikes different things. Some students might love extracurricular activities but others may hate them and like doing there own thing after school. Students could find extracurricular activities boring. Everyone is interested in a variety of things ,and could find doing things outside of school boring or time consuming. Extracurricular activities could possibly put students under stress. Students already have to go to school and do the work that we get there. Doing extracurricular activities or things outside of school could make it hard to balance the two. Extracurricular activities could be good for some but they can also create a lot of problems.

Students are busy and have other priorities to do other then going to school and doing an extracurricular activity. Students could have homework or have tutoring to go to. Some just want to sleep in and relax and have the rest of the day to themselves. from personal experience going to tutoring lessons and managing homework and sports was really difficult. Students may have plans with family and friends. Practices and meetings can take away time from students hanging out with friends and family and wanting to spend quality time with them. Students could become very tired and sleep deprived with managing school and an extracurricular activity. Students could be extremely tired and not want to go to practice or school because they havent gotten enough time to rest. Extracurricular activities can interfere with our personal lives outside of school.

Extracurricular activities should not be mandatory for a lot of reasons. Extracurricular activities should not be mandatory because every student may not be interested in the activities. Some students are already busy outside of school and don't have time for an extracurricular activity. These activities can interfere with our personal lives and cause unessacery stress for students. Extracurricular activities do more bad then good for us students. The activities could cause stress and take time away from our day and students may get bored or loose interest. Making everyone participate in an extracurricular activity is not a good idea.

Forcing every student to be part of an extracurricular activity is not the best choice to make for students. As a student we could get over whelmed and tired and not be able to have enough time for our selves. Making everyone participate in an activity out of school is not a good rule to enforce.