Today we as humans live in a society that is controlled by the advancement of technology and as certain things become easier to access, we seem to get distracted by the objects we have at our disposal. Problems in our society become self-evident as statistics show the accidents that happen due to our carelessness. The purpose of this essay is to show the reader as to why cell phones should be prohibited to be in use while conducting a motor vehicle; therefore, I will state and point out facts, statistics, and different sources to support my claim.

The first argument in my essay is the amount of damage that occurs during conducting a vehicle and using a cell phone at the same time. Throughout many years, the toll taken on by drivers has increased greatly. New statistics show up every day as to why accident are occurring on the road. This leaves an increase in death rates as motor accidents can result in injury and death. Laws have been set in place to prevent these accidents; although, there is a change in the rate of accidents, people still decide to use cellphones. A change must occur in order to lower the rates of accidents caused by cell phone use. This could be the most known and dangerous reason as to why cell phones are a harmful distraction during driving.

Although using a cell phone is harmful to a person while driving, sometimes in the case of an emergency, one must use their cell phone in order to receive calls. And to improve the chance of proper navigation through roads, navigation systems allow for easier access to reach certain locations when driving. There are many reasons as to why cell phones could be useful; however, they are greatly outnumbered by the cons. Even if it's to receive a call or text, the problem is not the cell phone itself but ones conscience to obscure their focus from the road. As this is the reason as to why accidents happen in the first place. And as much as we want to reduce these accidents, we must take a priority on to our driving by ourselves setting a restriction as to when we can use our phones while driving.

In addition to my statements, although cell phone use can benefit the driver, we must still restrict any type of use until we can lower the rates of death and accidents connected to each other. As this is the only way we can fully change the situation we are in right now. More strict laws should be placed in order to combat these dilemmas. However, this will not be an immediate change in our society as some will rebel against the new laws that should be placed to be stricter, but it is a step in the right direction and a good continuation in change the social standard of using cell phones while driving. And soon in time, we will see a change in our society all together.

In conclusion, my stance in the argument on cell phone use while drives stands where I have shown in this essay. I hope you can agree with me as to why I believe in the change this will bring to our society and change the rates in accidents making our cities, town, and roads safer for everyone. This change is a great feat that we can achieve as long as everyone is on the same page. Together we can relieve our worries of driving with care-free people driving beside us. We make our roads safer for everyone. The facts that I have stated in this essay are self-evident and require support from everyone in order to change our stands on cell phone use while driving.      