Generic_Name

Generic_Name

English 8 Honors

4/11/2020

Students Should Participate in Extracurricular Activities

I agree that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity for a couple of reasons. One reason being that if students choose to do a sport then they will become more healthy. Another reason being that some extracurricular's include math clubs which will help stretch students minds. Lastly I believe that students should have to do at least one extracurricular because it will leave less time for things such as video games. Those are the reasons why I believe every student should have participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

There are many extracurricular choices people can choose from. One of those options being sports. Sports allow children to be more healthy and provide them with the opportunity for a better social life. If students have to participate in at least one extracurricular then they might pick a sport. This sport will allow them to have more physical activity which will in turn make them a healthier person. It might also allow them to have a better social life especially if they are on a team.

Another example of an extracurricular choice that students could pick from could be a math club. These clubs are designed to stretch students minds and give them better math skills. If students pick a club like a math club they will get many opportunities to stretch their minds. While also practicing important math skills. Just like sports clubs might also provide an opportunities for a social life.

Children now a days go home and go straight to playing video games for hours. It is proven that these games are not good for their minds and they should be doing something else like an extracurricular. Having to do an extracurricular activity will eat up the time that kids will have to play video games and instead put their time towards something more useful.

In conclusion I think that students should have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they will have the ability to become more healthy. They will have more opportunities to stretch there minds. Plus it will leave less time for other things such as video games. That is why I believe students should have to do at least one extracurricular activity. 