Luke is trying to convice people to be in the Seagoing Cowboys program by saying cool things that he does. For example: he is saying that he toured an excavated castle in Crete and marveled at the Panama Canal on his way to china. He also said that he finds time to have fun on board. some games they played were baseball, vollyball, Table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, and whittling.

Luke got to vist different places and he got to go to 16 different places. Luke also got to go to the Atlantic Ocean. Luke also liked to see the animals. He would always go visit the animals and feed them. Another thing luke would do is help people that got hurt during the War.

So those are a lot of fun things that luke did. He also did a lot of good things. Like feed animals, take them from one place to another, and help people that got hurt in the War. Luke shared all those fun and good things that he did to convice others to participate the Seagoing Cowboys program.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        