Phones & Driving

Phones have been around for quite a while now. Half of the population uses their phones while driving. People use their phones 90% of the day to talk, text, and, answer phones calls while their behind the wheel. There are some people that knows how to use their phones and drive and then it's the ones who can't focus on the road and text. 75% of the time cell phone usage behind the wheel is used because it's an important call from the office or family emergency.

Phones was introduced in 1980 and the usage of phones have sky rocket over the last two decades. It's mostly teens who use the phone and then you have some adults who use their phone just as much as teens. Teen's use their phones so much that when they get behind the wheel they forget that you can't text and drive over 4000 driving accidents happen because somebody was texting and driving. These accidents happened because they wouldn't pay attention to the road because that text was so important to them and now somebody has either died or ended up in the hospital because of them. Each year a child under the age of 18 has died because of a car accident because of texting and driving.

90% of the day somebody is driving with their phones in their hands. When you drive your main focus should be on the road and not on your cell phone. Phones are like addictions because if you haven't had your phone in your hand all day you feel lost which isn't good. If you can't take 10 minutes out the day to pay attention to the road when you get behind the wheel then you shouldn't be driving. When someone is on their phone while driving they claim they were on checking and email or answering a call and sometimes that isn't true they were texting and driving and not paying attention to the road.

There are some people out here that thinks they know how to text and drive like pro. I don't think they should be touching a wheel because having that mentality could get someone killed because they want to drive reckless. Driving while on your phones should really stop because everybody deserves to make it home to their family at the end of the day. Over these last four years phones and driving has cause a lot of deaths to the youth and it's mainly teens who do the texting and driving but some adults should take some responsibly because they do it too or they learn from so if you have your kids in the car with you while your texting and driving stop because they're going to start doing what you do because they feel like they have control over the car like you do.

So as you can see I don't agree with phones and driving it should be taken seriously because people are out here losing their life because somebody decided to pick up their phone and see who was texting them.75% of those who text while driving make it home to their families at night most don't so put down the phone for the ones who don't make it home.

Last Name 2                        