Dear Senator,

I have recently read some interesting information about a process of voting called "The Electoral College." It seems to work quite well in favor of getting the "right votes", however I do agree that there are too many possibilities and factors that could go against the public views and be in better favor of the government. As I recall, the government was set up for order and protection of the people. I am young and most people would probably judge the fact that I am so young to be stating things as political as this, however, I do seem to fathom more about political issues (like this and other things) than most adults even know. Judging by the unbiased information I was given that shows me two sides of the issue, I'd say that though The Electoral College seems to work, there are so many factors that favor the government rather than the people.

On one hand, yes. The Electoral College does seem to work. It gives a fair amount of Electors to each state due to their Congressional Delegation and we are given the information that we, The People, are voting on the Electors rather than the President but there are too many factors to that. We must take into full recognition that electors do not have to be faithful toward the end to the President they were going to vote for in the beginning. We must also consider the fact that the Electors are people not in public Office. I am assuming that means that they must work for the government rather than in the public. I must state the possibility that there could very well be some possible, underhanded things going on in the government for the assurance that a particular Presidential Candidate is chosen to win the election, all based on the fact that they are chosen by the Electors. This came to mind because of paragraph 11, under "Source 2: The Indefensable Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong." Within this paragraph, it stated that the Electors need not be faithful to the President they said they would vote for in the election. As well as this, the government was made for the people and the people hardly seem the get an advantage with the Electoral College since we have to trust a group of human beings that could very well be unfaithful.

On the other hand, Electors not sticking to what they said rarely happens (Or so we are told). As well as that, the Electoral College seems to work well and has a certainty of the outcome and avoids "Run-off" elections. However, the government was made for the public and therefor, I do believe that the people should choose their president as long as everyone is completely informed with uncensored information aboutb how everything is run, what that President, as well as what Congress and the other branches of Government intend to do whilst the current President is in Office. Many people don't even bother with trying to understand the way our government works and just completely trusts and goes along with whatever the government tells them but I think that is wrong! For a healthy government and a happy population, everyone must be informed with uncensored information and understand the outcome of these actions and how it willl affect them in the short-term and long-run. It is difficult and takes longer than what everyone would like but who wants to live in a so called "Democracy" that looks like a form of Oligarchy. Given the information I read, it doesn't seem fair or right. it seems like a form of control; a form of Oligarchy; a lie.    