Have you heard the saying two heads are better than one? Because, having more opinions are better when making tough choices. Having multiple opinions might lead you to a more realistic choice like deciding how to spend your money, or the popular choice like deciding what color to paint the wall, or even the correct choice like on a test. For example, last week I asked a friend for his opinion on a question and got it right. Because, I had asked his opinion and, he pointed out the hidden "not," I got the answer correct.

First off, having multiple opinions might lead you to a more realistic choice. Like if, you're planing to get a dog and, your friend shows you that it costs a lot to care for dogs so you don't end up buying it. Or maybe, you want to learn a foreign language and, your friend reminds you you can't spell anything, so you don't doing it. Or if you're like me, and you shoot for straight A's but, you miss a lot of school days, so your friend just tells you to try to just get mostly A's and some B's so that you still have a good grade. Because he gave me his opinion, I didn't stress my self over trying to get a higher grade.

Secondly, having multiple opinions might lead you to the popular choice. Like, if you are split between two types of flooring, you can ask for someone's opinion so that way you can decide. Or if, your deciding what to bring to the party just ask for everyone's opinion on what to bring. Okay, I've brought some cookies to a party before and someone was allergic, so let's just say you should probably get someone's opinion on the matter before you bring something to a party. Because, that child may or may not have been hospitalized cause of the cookies.

Finally, having multiple opinions might guide you towards the correct choice on the matter. For example, if you got lost driving somewhere and, you can ask one of the locals opinion's on where to go. Maybe you're on a game show, and you ask the audience for their opinion on what to chose and it ends up being right. Or once, I took a quiz once and asked for my friend's opinion on a question and it help me get the right answer. Because if didn't ask their opinion I would have got the question wrong.

Have you learned the benefits of asking opinions when making a choice yet? If you haven't, go ask a couple of people for their opinions in real life, the results might surprise. Because, your way of thinking may be a whole lot different from mine and somebody else's, it's good to get many people's opinion. Also, just because your opinion is not the same as somebody else's, doesn't always mean your wrong you just both look at it a different way. Having multiple opinions will probably lead you to a more realistic choice, or popular choice, or even the correct one.