Seeking multiple opinions helps people make better choices because it can give you different perspectives and views. Seeking advice in the first place can give you a different view on the problem you are trying to solve. But seeking multiple opinions will give you perspectives from all angles. Thus, you will know how it will affect you and other people. Seeking advice from people can also tell you what not to do. If they have been in that same situation before, they can tell you what worked and what didn't work for them. This could give you an idea of what you should try and what you shouldn't try. Seeking opinions helps people make better choices.

For example, if Generic_Name wanted to know how she was going to build a bridge, she wouldn't just consult herself. This would leave out input and opinions from other people. She would consult with other people. She would consult with engineers, the community, pedestrians, and environmentalists for opinions. She would consult with an engineer so she would know what made up a sturdy bridge. She would consult with the community because they would be the ones driving over the bridge. They would also help her decide how many lanes would be on the bridge. She would also consult pedestrians because if they wanted to walk over the bridge, there should be a special walkway so they don't get run over. And lastly, she would consult environmentalists so she would have the least amount of impact on animal habitats and wildlife. In order to fully understand building a bridge, she would have to consult with many different people. After concerns were brought up, she would try to attack them from all angles. It would be easier on her because she would know the concerns of the community and how it will affect them. After talking with the engineer, she would know a sturdy design and to implement it she would need advice of a construction company. After Generic_Name is done building the bridge, she will be very knowledgeable because she consulted with so many different groups and parties.

Thus, seeking advice can help you make better decisions. It can give you multiple perspectives on the problem. Then you will know how to attack the focus from all angles. It will also give you good advice on what works. Seeking advice can help people make better choices. 