A Big Dilemma with a Big Resolution

In fifth grade, I had to make a big decision. I had to choose between either choir or art as my sixth grade elective. The dilemma haunted me; it kept me up at night. I truly had no idea which I was going to select. Art seemed very exciting, but I had a passion for music. I decided to ask three different people for advice. First I asked my best friend. She wanted me to join them while she made paper-mache animals and drew flowers during art class. The second person I asked was my friend who was taking choir in sixth grade while I was in fifth. She told me that I should join choir because she loved the class, and she wanted me to love it too. The final person I talked to was my mom. She knew me the best out of the three people, so I figured that she would know what was best for me. All of their advice was great, and I considered all of their arguments. From this experience, I have learned that seeking multiple opinions is the best thing to do when you need advice.

Receiving advice from more than one person is important because no two people have the same life experiences. Although my fifth grade friend thought she knew what was best for me, she had never actually experienced being in a choir and did not know anything about what the class had to offer. On the other hand, my sixth grade friend knew all about choir, and she knew what being in a choir was truly like. When seeking advice, it is important to understand that some people may be able to lead you to a better decision based on their personal experiences, while others might be less helpful.

Because everyone has a unique background, seeking multiple opinions can open your eyes to ideas you had never even thought of before. When making the decision about my middle school elective, I was only considering what the class was about. Until my mom had asked me about teachers, I had never stopped to think about how the class could be more or less enjoyable based on the teacher that taught it. My mother had given me a new perspective on my dilemma. Had I only talked to my best friend or my sixth grade friend, I would've never stopped to think about the teachers and their individual personalities. Getting advice from multiple people can often times give you a new outlook on your situation.

Lastly, I believe that some people are genuinely more helpful than others in specific situations. Even though my good friends in fifth and sixth grade knew me well, my mother was the only person who truly knew what I wanted for myself. She was the only one out of the three opinions who had seen my talents for eleven years of my life, and she knew what elective was ultimately best for me. Looking back, the only reason why my fifth grade best friend wanted me to choose art was because she wanted to have me in her class. I respect her advice, but she didn't have my best interest in mind. My sixth grade choir friend was the same way as well. Although she knew me well, she was ultimately just trying to recruit people to get more members in the school choir. When reflecting on my past decision, I realize that my mother's advice was ultimately the most insightful. Seeking multiple opinions can be helpful because some people give better advice than others. Especially in situations where it is needed, good advice will only come if you ask multiple trusted people.

When you are in a situation and you need advice, asking for many diverse opinions will ultimately help you to make the better choice. To conclude the previously told story, I decided to go with the advice from my mother. I decided that I would try choir in sixth grade. As she had predicted, I loved my teacher, I always enjoyed the music, I made great friends, and I felt like I fit in perfectly. She knew what was right for me, and she helped me to make the best decision. Even though I did not choose to follow everyone's advice, I am very grateful that I chose to seek multiple opinions when dealing with my tough dilemma. It taught me that whenever I have the decision of doing so, I will always choose to seek advice from many different people, because it will ultimately lead to a more positive outcome. I learned a great lesson, and since that situation in fifth grade, I have always asked multiple people for advice when dealing with a hard decision. 