The use of the Facial Action Coding System can be valuable to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom because we can know how that person is feeling at the time. Would you like to know if a person is feeling sad,happy,bored, or even angry? Of course,not only do we know how they feel but we can also take a step futher on helping them. If a person is depressed we can talk to someone close from them and explain what they are going through, or advice them for that person to take therapy.

The Facial Action Coding System is also a great start to poeple who are new to school or even to sports. If a person feels sad because they arent doing as good as their other teamates, The coach should use the software because it will let him/her know why that person isnt really trying in the sport. Another reason why im for it is because teachers really dont know when you are bored or confused. Especially if you are one of those shy prsons that dont like raising their hand. By using this software teachers can go up to you and explain you with what you are having trouble. If a student is bored with what the what teacher is teaching, she should probably try something new to get the students attention. This technology can also show us when someone has a fake smile for example if you think that you have a friend that really isnt your friend and you talk to her she might be giving you a fake smile because she probably doesnt like you.

The use of this software can determine if you are having problems in your house,the expressions that will show would be sadness and probably anger. In todays world you may be going through a lot but people may not know and they would treat you like garbage. This would then cause you depression and probably then commiting suicide. Having this technology "Facial Action Coding System" in hands can help you stop somone from danger.

having this technology can ressolve a lot of problems with putting yourself into it. Every perosn has a falling action and a resolution to their story. With just a facial expression it can change realtionships and friendships."Making people smile" is what we need with Facial Action Coding System!