Should humans be able to use cell phones while driving

Humans should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle because it can cause accidents, and even worse death. The National Safety Council today called on state and federal lawmakers to ban the use of cell phones and text-messaging devices while driving. Due to the number of accidents that are related to conducting calls on a phone and texting while driving, some jurisdictions have made the use of calling on a phone while driving illegal.

A study from the Harvard Center of Risk Analysis estimates that cell phone use while driving contributes to 6 percent of crashes, which equates to 636,000 crashes, 330,000 injuries, 12,000 serious injuries and 2,600 deaths each year. Due to the number of accidents that are related to conducting calls on a phone and texting while driving, some jurisdictions have made the use of calling on a phone while driving illegal. Cell phone use contributes to 6% of crashes, and drivers are at a four times greater risk of a crash.

Smartphones have made it easy for us to stay connected at all times. But that can pose serious safety risks if someone decides to check his or her text messages, emails, phone calls, or any other mobile applications while driving. Cell phone distraction rates are alarmingly high. Worst of all, the usage of cell phones before car accidents happen is known to be underreported due to potential legal issues. Using a mobile phone while driving is reckless behavior, and every single crash that happens due to it can be prevented.

The safest possible way to use a cell phone while driving would be to attach it to the radio system or another suitable hands free device via Bluetooth. The hands free device does not guarantee safety either. While the distraction from using such technology is significantly smaller, it might still cause an accident. So there is no better decision than to simply postpone calls until you have arrived at your destination.

In conclusion, humans should not be able to use cell phones while operating a vehicle because it can cause accidents, and even worse death. Using cell phones while driving can put us at great risk, so just wait until you get to your destination                                   