I argue in changing the electoral college , popular vote would be a chance for normal americans to get there voice heard in the government. A big problem is how the voters votes go straight to the electoral college and wouldnt make a change at all also how theres a bigger chance of a tie happening in the electoral college then by popular vote

One reason why the electoral college should go is because the voters votes arent really being heard. For example in paragraph 10 it says that ' under the electoral college system voters vote not for the president , but for a slate of electors who in turn elect for the president " , thats techinally saying that the electors are the ones who are really voting our voice means nothing we could have wanted another president to have won but if the electoral college gets more votes then us then so be it , thats our new president! We dont even know who the electors really are they could have been picked by anyone like how it says in paragraph 10 they could have been picked by the presidential candidates themselves who knows. They say we control who the electors vote for but not always , theres a high unlikely chance that there would be more popular votes for one president like in texas for john kerry that all 34 electors would go to congress and vote for john kerry thats insane.

A second reason is how theres a bigger chance of electoral college tie happening then a popular vote one like how it says in paragraph 12 " in 1916 , a tie would have occurred if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and a 3,3687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way. The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe". If the electoral college has a tie then theres even a bigger chance of the people voice not being heard at all. Once a tie happens the election goes to the house of representatives where state delegations vote on the president as said in paragraph 12 , a single representative from Wyoming representing 500,000 voters, would have no say compared to the 55 representatives from California that makes Wyoming have no voice in the election compared to Califorina. The house's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people.

Finally thats all i have to say regarding how the election should be changed to having the popular vote determine the president , we want our voice to be heard! Sometimes the electoral college doesnt pick the president that we wanted and if there was a tie to happen in the electoral college which is at high risk some of the states voices wouldnt get heard at all , thats why we should switch over to popular vote maybe more people would actually get up and go vote because they would know their vote actually means something. Like it says in paragraph 14 " Abolish the electoral college! ".    