Men are like ants. We are always in a rush and always desperate to arrive on time. The easiest way to arrive on time in any place, is by car. Cars, however, tend to do a lot more bad then they do good. Cars release large amounts of pollution and can raise smog and noise levels in areas where there is a lot of driving. Smog and pollution isn't very good for anybody, so some areas have taken preventative steps to keep Earth healthy and to keep people healthy as well. The shocking part is, the cars get cut out.

In some areas, like the experimental Vauban in Germany, cars are not allowed at all. No honking is heard when the sun rises, and streets are oddly empty. Shops are lined up withen walking distance, and few buses run to allow for people to travel a little bit quicker. In fact, 70% of Vauban's population do not own cars, and many sold their cars for a chance to live in Vauban. The streets are safer, and people seem to be a lot less tense about things, 'When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way,' said Heidrun, an occupant of Vauban. Vauban has proved that removing the car entirely can help to calm people, and even redesign the way cities and homes work; to provide safer, cleaner areas for man to live in.

Cars can need to be removed for more negative reason as well. Paris, France, had sever issues with the amount of smog in the city. Smog can be incredibly dangerous, making large chances of acid rain and possible issues with breathing. France has had one of the largest amounts of smog when compared to many other cities, usually only beat by Beijing, which in one of the most polluted areas. France knew, however, that the city could not possibly handle having every car taken away in a night, so they attempted to cut a half off for each day. For a week, fines were placed on cars with license plates that ended in either an even or odd number, the taxes applied more specifically to which license plates would be tagged, odd on one day, even the next.  The large fines did not persuade everyone, however, and 4,000 driviers were still fined. The week of cutting down cars, however, proved to work very well and cut down on the amount of smog quickly and carefully so that everyone would have a safer and cleaner Paris.

In Bogota, Columbia, the removal of cars is celebrated as if it were a holiday. Each year on one day everyone will refrain from driving to skateboard, bike, walk, hike, or any number of modes of transportation; to prevent the usage of cars. The city does this not only as a fun way to promote an eco-friendly Bogota, but to cut down on it's own smog issues. Like any capital of any country, there's a lot of movement, and with movement comes cars, and with cars: smog. Their event has even inpired many other cities and countries to do the same thing, continuously aiding in the fight against global warning.

Even America, the gas-guzzling, NASCAR approving, road-rage warriors of the world, try to cut down on car usage. The issue has even reached the President. America has found that slowly but surely that men and women are slowly moving away from the car as a mode of transportation. Since 2005, car usage has dropped tremoendously in favour of public transportation like trams and buses.    