Driving While Using Cell Phone

Even though cell phones where not around for a long time it has been a key factor in us daily life to which it as reaches a point where people are now using cell phone even while driving. People use their cell phone for a lot of reason and important things, things such as calling, texting, emailing and more, these activities while driving increases the driver's risk of causing an accident. doing this not only put the driver at risk but also people and other drivers around in that area. Despite the danger that cell phone causes some people argued that it is necessary to use cell phone for emergency reason. However, there are proof to show that cell phone should not be use while operating a motor vehicle.

Texting is a very serious issue and people should take it very seriously.

we become so interested in what we are doing on the phone and forget that were still on the road driving while on your phone increase the chance 25 times more likely to cause a crash these bad decision that we made while driving always end up in death are serious injuries.

Not paying attention, and the hazards we face while driving is something we learn to avoid before getting our driver license. knowing the dangers, it might cost people still use cell phone while driving. People who work depend on cell phone like businessman, lawyers, etc. says that they all ways need to be accessible to their phone in order to keep business going and to secure client. Because of this selfishness, they put other people life's in danger. Research on google shows using of cell phone while driving is responsible for more deaths on the road. in these days we all are multitasking and it is difficult to put the phone down especially if you're on the road for a long period of time. However, it does not worth the cost of your life are someone else's.

Thousands of people die every year in transportation that resolve from cell phone use according to the national highway traffic safety security agency. 81 present of us resident admit to using cell phone while driving on the road. Driving while on your phone is dangerous because it causes distraction and crashes. it required three main types of distraction such as, visual, manual, and cognitive. 'Visual' distraction is the most common distraction, this is when drivers focus and eyes are taking off the road. this is when a person now starts to pay attention on their phone and not on the road while driving. the second distraction is 'manual', this is when driers take both hands off the wheel for reason like adjusting their GPS eating and drinking etc. the third distraction is 'cognitive', this is when drivers mind isn't focusing on driving this could be cause by talking to another person while driving, are having family issues etc.

drivers should consider the consequence of driver and being on their phone and make better choices for their self and others. If people don't stop using phones on the road the number of accidents will only increase more. It is Drivers responsibly to put their phone on silent and put it away out hands reach.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             