Dear Principal,

The policy I believe is better is Policy 1 because if students actually pay attention in class they should get some time to talk to there friends by text or by calling them and asking them how has there day been and talk about any problems they have been having at all in the day. To me policy 1 is the best choice to go with because nothing wrong is happening as long as they text or talk about good things and not bad things in class or outside of class, but the phones should not be turned on in class at all times.

If students get the chance to text at school in lunchtime they should earn it as long as they behave good. The phones shouldn't be turned on while in class because then it would get in the way of there studying and their class work also. To me policy 1 is the best way to go, policy 2 is not the best way to go with because what if an emergency or some other thing happened how will they contact you or you contact your parents. That is one reason another reason is students have the authority to be able to use there phone, why cant they I know it gets in the way of there class work but they might need it some day in the future in case of an emergency. But there phone also gets in the way of there studying and of there work so that is the backside to it, but students should be able to use there phones no matter what happens.

Policy too says that phones are not allowed at school, that is not a good thing students should be able to have there phones with them but turned off that's easy that is what the principal should have done in the fist place or they could've also told students to bring there phones have them turned on only answer emergency calls, and be able to answer them but not text or call your friends while at school, that is another policy that could have been done but since those aren't policies than policy 1 is the best policy to go with.

Policy 2 is not the best policy because why shouldn't students be able have phones with them at school, they should be able too, they have the right, nobody can say that they cant have phones with them or bring phones to school. The students have the right nobody can say that they cant bring phones, whoever says that does not know what they are talking about. Students should be able to bring phones and text there friends because they just want to talk and hang out with them, what is that wrong to do, I say no because it is just there friends, nothing is wrong with that. Students should be able to bring phones to school and have them turned off during class but on during lunch, nutrition, break, and between going to your next class.

Policy 1 is the best policy to go with because students get to use there cell phones at school , and in policy 2 students do no get the chance to bring them or to use them. That to me is not a cool policy because students should get the chance to use phones at school.      