In a big city or a rual area all you see are cars flying past you at high speeds and releasing their gas fumes into the atmosphere. Having no cars is a great solution to having no traffic and less polution. Without cars our air would be fresh and it wouldnt take as long to get from place to place.

Although many people have cars and drive them regularly it is not always the best choice. Having no cars would be a drastic change to society but it would also be a major change in the way we travel and breathe in air. In Vauban, Germany the residents have gave up on cars. The streets are car free. "As a result, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move there". This piece from the text tells us that hardly any one is driving a car their. One of the residents says "When I had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way" this lets us no that without a car the resident is much happier and is not tense. Car release greenhouse gas emissions from there tailpipes. In the article "In German suburb, life goes on without cars" it says that "passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States". That is insane to think that much is released, but its happening daily from everyday car users. The environmental agency is trying to promote car reduced communities. Polution got so bad in Paris that they had to enforce a partial driving ban. After enforcing this the texts says " congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog". So limiting their drving in Paris reduced the smog. It is not always the best choiceto drive all the time exspecially if you job or social event your going to isn't far. In "The end of car culture" it says " organize your summer jobs and social life around where you can walk or take public  transportation or car-pool". By doin those things it will reduced smog and gases getting into the air.

By not having any cars it would reduce polution, give us safer air to breathe, and it would be easier to get from place to place with any traffic. Cars release tons of gases and polute the air. WIthout cars it would reduce that problem. With less cars on the road and mostly public transportation it would be easy to get around instead of getting caught up in traffic. So not having cars wouldn't be such a bad thing after all.    