What if we could get to a new planet? What if humans got off of the Earth, and onto another planet? Would we build a new civilization? Could we even survive? In an article titled "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author explains many problems for why getting people on Venus will be difficult, and they present some potential solutions to these problems. The author supprts the idea that Venus exploration may be possible by using facts already known about Venus, presenting problems with getting on Venus, and presenting solutions for those problems.

First, the author knows a lot about Venus. Paragraphs 2 and 3 especially shows plenty of the knowledge the author has, and shows that they did research. The text supports this claim by saying "Earth, Venus, and Mars, our other planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds. These differences mean that sometimes we are closer to Mars and other times to Venus... A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus... On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Farenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." All of these facts show that the author did plenty of research and found some facts that can help support his future claims.

Next, the author presents multiple problems for why Venus exploration will be a difficult task. It is apparent once again that the author did plenty of research to find as many potential problems as they could. The text supports this claim by saying "No spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours... Numerous factors contribute to Venus's reputation as a challenging planet for humans to study... On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees... Such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals." This shows that the author knows many potential problems that could harm chances at landing a manned mission on Venus.

Finally, the author presents many potential solutions for the problems. The most important solution is for the surface and weather on Venus. The author presents this idea by saying "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way. At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Farenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels." This shows that there is a solution to the problem of Venus having unsurvivable conditions by hovering above Venus's surface to flat out avoid the harsh conditions.

In conclusion, the author gives a good explanation for why we might be able to conduct studies on Venus. The author supports his claim by presenting knowledge about Venus, presenting potential problems for making it to Venus, and presenting a solution that would negate almost all of the problems presented previously. Perhaps one day, we might be able to land a manned mission on Venus.