There are many reasons why reducing the need for transportation by car would help solve many problems. Cars cause many major environmental issues. Cars also cause many health issues, seeing that they encourage motorized transportation, instead of the human body's own two-legged system of getting from point 'A' to poit 'B'. Many authors have wrote about cases where some places in the world are trying to see how becoming a car-free zone would help the economical, environmental, and health related issues caused by vehicles such as cars.

Elizabeth Rosenthal explains that a German experiment is already happening where the country have created a city where there are little to no vehicals driving down the roads without punnishment. In the passage I recently read, by Rosenthal, titled "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars", she talks about how Vauban, Germany residents are playing the most important role in an experimental project that prohibits things like street parking, driveways, and home garages. The district has also moved nessecary places (grocery stores, etc.) a lot "closer-to-home" in order to make them be within walking distances of peoples' houses. This is done as a way to essentially eliminate the use of vehicles to get from place to place. One man, Heidrun Walter, says, "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way." He is one of many participants of this experiment who shows that terminating vehical use in countries will possibly make a lot of people happier and it will also cause the air around us to be nearly free of pollutes and toxins that we possibly inhale on a daily basis, as suggested in paragraph #5 of Rosenthal's passage.

Benefits from car bans are also discussed in Robert Duffer's passage called, "Paris Bans Driving Due to Smog". Paragraph #10 of this passage states, "The smog cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party to rescind the ban...", meaning that the amount of polluted air in the effected countries and cities went down to a controllable amount after the ban had taken place. Therefore, this passage is even more evidence that cars being eliminated from public use is a very good thing for the environment.

Eliminating, or at least cutting back on motorized transportation, would definately help a lot of damaged areas of the world.    