I would sign up for this group beacuse you get to visit wonderful places and maior capitals like Greece, Eurupe, China, Italy, Vience,and Crete. You also can learn about animals spend your birthday and have fun with your friends on a big cargo boat. You do get some free time to relax or you could go have fun in Eurupe, China, Greece and so many other places.

If you like to go on water this place would also be a thing you might want to sign up for you get to travel acrossed the pacfic ocean. You also get to work at night if you want I know some people like to work at night. You might learn some new people and they could become your friends. Now some people like to enjoy boat rides and some don't because they get sea sick and throw up but if you like to be around water and ride on cargo ships you might like this job. You can work with animals like what Luke did on his night job and if you like hay you could eat the hay the cattel eat if you get hungry. Also while passing through the pacific you might get to see some dolphins the sun set and mabey a shark leap out of the air and grap something. Most of the time you will be on a boat going across the sea mabey spending your birthday on the boat and eating cake.

If you don't like this job fine it is a great job working with animals and you would get paid with dollars, to buy stuff like a house, a car, and mabey you could even make your own UNRRA or you could rename it to somethig else. You might even be abel to drive the boat doubt it but you might. But most of all you get to work with animals and visit majoir places that you might not even thought of going to vist. So come visit us and sign up you might like it. Come on if you don't like the idea of having fun go some wher else where you might belong like working at Mcdonalds and handing out food also if you dont like to work this is not the place for you I will tell you that before you sign up to this job and sign a sheet to be nice to the animals cause if you kill one of the cattel it want be good I will fire you. You might ask how much time do i spend on this ship? Depends how long you want usally going across the pacific takes about a year. Come join us. To go across the oceans and hopefully don't get hurt.