Sleeping in everyday, doing things on a flexible time frame, and even eating at any time of the day. Those attributes sound amazing. With an online school system that would be taken at home, these opportunities would be available. However, as this proposed education system appears miraculous, the reality is that this school system would instead take away more than give on the basic maturity characteristics needed for adulthood.

Hypothetically, if one were to do an online school system, they would have the ability to wake up any time they wanted. They could wake up at 8 AM, 10 AM, or most likely as students have a tendency to sleep in for large amount of hours, they could wake up around 1 PM, 2PM, so on and so forth. As students would be waking up late to start their day, they would missing breakfast, one of the most important meals of the day, along with that if, they wake up late, they will have a habit of then sleeping late and waking up at the same afternoon time, creating a cycle. Although, having a online system entails that students will be able to sleep in more, in truth, it is diminishing to their health as it creates unhealthy cycles and habits for eating times and sleeping times for students in the future. It might appear to be wonderful now, but in the future, students would have a multitude of regret.

As prompted, in online school, the assumption is that these students complete their tasks in a manner mostly by themselves as their study hours and subjects are catered to each and every specific student. However, again on the pretense of these students then having a flexible time frame as they can pace themselves, this also appears to be a stress-free schedule. However this does take away a lot more than it shows. It takes away social skills. Social skills that include team work, making new friends, creating personal connections with teachers, etc. These social skills are needed for adulthood, in an job environment, where it is required for interaction, for teamwork, and for the ability to communicate with an executive or a boss. With these students not being in person with one another and their own teachers, they would have no slight intonation on how to interact, but also in the right manner. Being physically present at school, enables these social characteristics and skills for each students, but with an online school, where every student is mostly at home trying to get their work done, by themselves, it does not enable those social skills, it demolishes it.

One of the biggest known issues in school systems, cheating, and now it would be a bigger issue in a online school system. As this is all done on an electronic device, is the assumption that tests would be taken on this device. It is easy for students to keep other tabs open to look up answers, or to use their siblings, friends, and parents to help them on these tests. Tests are in place to test each students specific knowledge on a topic, when their is answers given, the student's knowledge is not true to them, so it is immoral to cheat. By allowing an online school system, where it is easier for students to cheat and these students would have no issue doing it, as in today's world, grades have significantly become more important compared to the knowledge acquired. If an online school system were to be put in place, it could so very well encourage immoral actions and then negatively impact these students in the future as it has the possibility of becoming a habit.

An online school system where students can take their classes at home seems very beneficial to student. In the moment it may appear like that. Yet, in reality, an online school system would ruin a student's health, create a lack of social skills, and encourage immoral actions just to reach a goal. So in truth, an online school system is a viable option as if right now, but it's consequences are so much more negatively impactful and worse than it's beneficiaries. So students would not benefit from taking classes at home.                