Dear Principle,

I hear that you are considering two different polices about using phones in school. Kids tend to use cell phone in class to text their friends and this disturbs the class from focusing on the teacher. I understand that you must take all this in to consideration, but I believe that policy one is the one you should go with. Students need to be able to uses phones in school in case they need to call a parent to pick them up after school , to call their parents in cases something happens at school, and in case they need to call a friend to tell them something quickly.

Student sometimes go to after school activities or stay after school to meet with their teacher. In this case, if their soccer practice ends early or their meeting is going to take some more time, students will need to contact a parent to tell them to pick them up earlier or later. If, though, phones are not allowed in school then they will not be able to tell their parents. This will lead to the student have to stay at school once practice ended or try and walk home.

School problems happen all the time. Sometimes their is a power outage or an early dismissal. If a student needs to contact a parent and they can't use their phone there is going to be a problem. If they could have cell phones, though, then the student could call their mom or dad, ask them to pick them up, and be able to leave the school quickly.

People sometime forget a book or a binder in their classes. When this happens they need to go around and try and find. Trying to find a textbook in a large school is hard. If your friend is in Math and finds your book, would it be a problem if they text you saying I found you book. This will take the stress off of the kid who lost the book. It will all be done before class, so it won't disturb anyone. But if phones aren't allowed in school kids couldn't do this. This can cause many stressful students who can't find their textbook.

Furthermore, cell phones can be very useful when used the right way. If student chooses to use them correctly, then the first policy would work very well for this school. Kids can get home quicker, get out of the school if something happens, and find their books faster. It will benefit not only us students but also our parents. So I hope you take in to consideration my ideas. Thank you for listening.