Do you like going on fun adventures, saving lifes and vistiting many unique places? Well if you join or participate the Seagoing Cowboys program you will get to go to so many places like different countries,and castles. Not only that, But save lives in different countries. You will miss out on so many fun adventures and other peoples lifes and countries if you don't join the program.

If you join the program then you will have so much fun with all the different places and adventures. One of the people who come here, named Luke has been to so many beautiful places. Luke has made nine trips, more than any member in the Seagoing Cowboys. Luke has toured an excavated castle in Crete and went to the Panama canal on his way to China.

If it wasn't for Luke's friend, Don Reist,he would have never been a member and he would have never seen any of these places that he has been to. Luke knew it was an oppurtunity of a lifetime. At the time Luke joined, World war 2 was over in Europe. Many countries were ruined and needed help, so Don and Luke joined to go on a mission to go to other countries that were ruined to help the countries recover their food supplies,animals,and more.

"The cattle-boat trips were an unbelievable opportunity for a small-town boy," he says. Luke has gotten hurt for other people, because he knew that what was going on in their lifes,are far worse than his. He has traveled alot and seen alot that has happend in other countries, and they need more people to save them.

Being a Seagoing Cowboy was much more than an adventure for Luke Bomberger. "I'm grateful for the opportunity," he says. "It made me more aware of people of other countries and their needs." That awareness stayed with him throughout his life. He lead his family and international students and exchanged visitors for many years. You can join this program and save lifes of other people in different countries,and visit countries and places just like Luke Bomberger and Don Reist.                   