Have you ever encountered a dilemma that seemed unsolvable? Did you go to a trustworthy friend for advice and possible outcomes? I think seeking multiple opinions is a great way to properly handle a situation because you are able to see from others' perspectives, you will feel less stressed and you will be able to make the best decision.

First of all, asking for a variety of opinions will let you see from others' point of view. For example, let's say you are mad at someone and want to know what to do next. You could be irrationally mad at that person! A few months back, I was real hesitant about breaking up with someone I was dating. I did not know what was the right thing to do, so I asked my friends for help. It is not embarrassing to ask for help whatsoever! I was able to see what others thought of the relationship. You cannot always rely on your own opinions to fix a problem.

Second off, you will feel a lot less stressed. Before making a decision, any person can feel tense or nervous. Before I broke up with my partner, I felt extremely anxious. I didn't know if it would be the best decision to make or not. I thought about if it would be a huge mistake and if I would live to regret it, but after my friends helped me decide, I felt a lot more calm. I was able to think clearly! Receiving assistance from others can help you feel relaxed and ready to address the issue.

Lastly, when you receive multiple opinions from others it will help you make the best decision. After you gather up views from others and calm down, you will be able to make a good decision. When I was deciding whether or not to break up with my significant other, people were strongly hinting that it was the best option to choose. In the end, I broke up with them and I'm glad I made the decision I did. If I did not seek assistance from others, I would have been even more frusterated and stressed out handling that horrid relationship.

Overall, I think seeking multiple opinions is a brilliant idea because you are able to see from other people's perspectives, feel more relaxed and certain about a decision and, thus, make a great decision. After the break up, I felt very happy and I could not have done it without help from others. 