Technology now helps and makes everyday life easier, and it's never gonna stop evolving. Technology is used in many different ways like shopping and for learning. Schools are now implementing technology in their classrooms like personal school given computers or a smart board, they even let students take online courses. Schools are letting their students choose whether or not they want to take those courses, do you think they can benefit from these online courses?. I think the question should be can they be consistent and be willing to focus if they take these courses.

Students can surely benefit from taking classes from home, they wouldn't be interrupted or distracted by their fellow students. They would also benefit how they can wake up late and not worry about getting to school on time. These things sound like its nice in which it is, but can these students be willing to but in the effort to learn or can they learn from these courses. One of the flaws from taking the online classes is that, the student wouldn't be able to interact with the teacher. They wouldn't be able to ask questions if they don't understand in private of course you can send an email, but you can't teach through an email. Students wouldn't have that helping hand because a student can say they understand the material, but they could be doing it wrong and having a teacher by your side would mean she can hep you directly.

The flaws of taking an online course doesn't just fall on how they wouldn't be able to communicate, but also the students will to focus. Distractions are everywhere it doesn't matter where you are or who you are someone can eaasily become distracted, but there will always be someone who can bring you back to focus. Students get distracted easily and for a teacher their job iis to ensure that they unnderstand the material that they are supposed to learn. By taking these online courses their wouldn't be anyone to help them focus and make sure they are not distracted. One of the biggest distractions for students are phones if their taking this course from home they will be interupted by their phones and they'll lose focus or just lose the interest in learning. With phones being in their possession it will be much easier for them to cheat of the internet, so now they wouldn't learn because they have the answers in their hands. The other example is that they'll simply become lazy and just not do their work. They'll be no teachers to help them and guide them, teachers play such an important roll in schools they are their to help so why take that away.

Teachers are always their to help and someone on a computer won't be able to see how a student's day is going while with teachers they can see that. They will be willing to take some private time with the student and make sure they're doing ok. Now should an online courses be given, no, or depending on the students yes, but I think they wouldn't benifit as much as just going to school because in school you can meet new friends and have a good relationship with teachers.          