To Whom It May Concern,

The Electoral College that is used when electing the president is a flawed system and should be replaced by and election by the popular voted. The Electoral College does not always show what the people want and it is unfair to voters in certain states.

The Electoral College should be replaced with an election by popular vote because it is not always a fair representation of what the voters want. This means that if most of the popular votes can be for one candidate, but the other candidate wins the majority of the Electoral votes. This is shown in the article

In Defense of the Electora College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President by Richard A. Posner. In thsi source the author states,"But each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee (and that trust is rarely betrayed)...[;however,] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral voter will not win the popular vote. ... It happened in 2000, when Gore had more popular votes than Bush, but fewer electoral votes"(Posner, Line 16). This shows how what the mahjority of the people want to happen, will not always happen in this flawed system.

This system is also unfair to voters in certain states. Candidates usually campaign in what are called "swing states" that could vote for either candidate, but this means that many states that candidates are confident of winning in or states they are sure of losing in, will not be campaigned at all. This unfairness is shown in the article

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong by Bradford Plumer. This article says,"Because of the winner-take-all system in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they have no chance of winning ... During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all,including Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't see a single campaign ad"(Plumer, Line 13). This unfairness causes voters in some states to be uninformed about the candidates which could cause them to vote for people they wouldn't if they had seen some campaigning.

The Electoral College is a flawed system that is unfair to voters and does not always reflect what the citizens want.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME    