If you have an issue, speaking to more than one person can help you in many ways. This is because you can get multiple opinions, and a better outcome to your issue or problem. You may not know it, but you also have plenty of people you can go to. Seeking multiple opinions is also good, because you will figure out the good outcomes and the bad outcomes of your situation; or situations similar to yours.

Speaking to more than one person can give you multiple opinions, all of which can be helpful in deciding what to do. One person who had a bad experience might give you what they did, making everything worse. This is especially true when the issue involves people. If you ask one of your friends, and they say yes to something you know is bad subconsciously, you should get another opinion. Once you go to another loved one, their added advice can lead to a better close to your issue.

When you have a conversation with more than one person, you can get multiple opinions, different points of view, and different experiences. You can combine these into a chart, and then decide what to do. You might use a combination of things you were told. Getting multiple points of view on a topic can really help with your final decision. If you ask your mother, and she tells you something positive, but ask a friend, and they say something partially negative, you can put what they did together, and create your own solution. Different experiences is essentially the same as different points of view. Having multiple can help you to create your own solution, or use one that worked for someone else.

Now that you know what you can do, who are you supposed to ask? The answer: anyone you trust. Your mother or father are the best option. This is because you are the most comfortable speaking with them, and they've lived through most of the same situations. Next, is a trusted teacher/adult. These people most likely have experience with your predicament as well. If you have friends that you trust and support you, you can ask them about your issue. They may just be able to help. Regardless of who it is, you need to trust the person.

In closing, getting many opinions on an issue can help you make good decisions, and create better outcomes to your issues. Knowing who you can speak to on these problems is very helpful as well. Having people that you can speak with makes you more confident in your decision making, so you can become an amazing problem solver. Using what other people know, and what you know can be put together to create the best possible solution. Help others when they ask you. You might not be the first person they ask, but at least they trust you enough for assistance.