It can be better to ask other people their options because it can help you make a decision on something you need to do. When you want to make a decision on something it can sometimes be hard to pick what you want to do especially if you have multiple options. When you go to others though you can get advice from them such as what you might want to do for a project of even something with school. So others options can help you decide what you want to do and, when you get their options too you can come up with something more interesting.

Let's say I am writing a paper it's better to go to someone and get help and get options on if my idea is interesting or not. When you go to people for options like that they tell you based on what they think if your paper is interesting, then after you go to that person you can also go to someone else and get their feedback as well. When it comes to doing all of that you can figure out what you want to do or your paper and you have feedback from multiple people to help you figure things out to write a good paper.

Now let's say you are doing a project and let's say you are in science and you are doing a project and you can ether do it on metamorphic rocks or you can do a projects about poultion. When you do this project you can go to people and ask on if they like the idea and figure out on how you make your project interesting and they can you give you ideas based off what they are saying you should do. Then once you are done getting all your feedback you can go home and firgure out on what you would want to do like you could go home and make a project about polluion and put water in a container and put trash and oils in it to show it being pullited. And that could be your feedback from your friends to figure out your project.

Now let's say you have an outfit picked out but you don't know how it looks so you can ask someone or multiple people their opion on what they think about it. When you ask people about what they think it can help you because you can then find other things to be able to fix it. When you ask for other peoples opions they truly do matter because they can help you.

So therefore peoples opions are a very important thing because getting diffrent opions on things can impact and help you. Because if you don't have feedback you wouldn't get as many good ideas, or help on things. Also sometimes opions are the things that help you most because they give you better ideas or ways of thinking about something. So therefore the best thing and the thing that helps you the most is peoples opions but at the same time peoples opions don't always matter. But when they do make them count because opions really do help.