If you were in a horrible situation and you had no idea what to do, would you ask your dad for advice or your mom? If i was the one in the situation I would ask my mom, dad, and other role models that are in my life. Why would you just ask for advice from one person when you can get many answers and choose which one is best. I think that asking multiple people is better because you will have multiple options.

Just think, what if you asked someone for advice and they weren't completely sure what to say. They wouldn't want to let you down and not help you at all. So they could give some bad advice because they didn't know what to say. If you asked multiple people then someone might understand you more than others and they might give you better advice. If you ask multiple people the same question then they might all give you the same answers and that would show you that that's what you should do.

If the problem was between you and your friend and you only ask one person for advice and it isn't very good advice then it could just make the problem worse. If you were to ask multiple people and you choose which one would be best for the problem then it could just fix the problem right away. Plus, asking multiple people show you who is good at giving certain advice. Your dad might not be good at giving relationship advice, but he could be good at giving cooking and sports advice. Your mom or aunt might be the one that you go to when you seek relationship advice.

Asking many people could open up your eyes to many things. Maybe the fight between you and your friend happens often and you mom tells you that you could be in a hurtful friendship. You could loose a friend, but it could have been for the best. I never asked my uncle for advice on stuff, but I asked him once and he gave really good advice and now my uncle and I are very close. That could be the case with you too. Some problems can bring other people together and it could be you and your aunt, dad, older cousin, grandmother or uncle. It could be anybody and you just wouldn't know until you asked.

Remember, asking other people can't and won't do you any harm. The worst that can happen is you don't use one of their suggestions, and if it works out then the people you asked won't care if you used their advice or not. They will just be happy for you that you got out of your situation and that everything is resolved. Do not be afraid to ask someone for advice because you think it's embarising. If you have a problem ask for help or advice from multiple people, it's always better to have to many options that not enough options. 