Cars are benefits for getting you from point A to point B, but there are many other ways you can receive transportation that way. Cars can also get you there quicker, but its not worth what we are doing to our enviornment and ourselves. There are three major advantages about limiting your car use. It will help out our enviornment with the air pollution; you can hear the peacefulness of birds and kids playing, and its a financial rest.

First and foremost, it will help out with our air pollution. "Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five-days of intensifying smog..."(14). The gas we use to fuel up our vehicles is polluting the enviornment when we use it. If we used Paris as an example, we can have odd and even driving days for odd and even license plates (11). That means only half the people with cars would be driving on the road each day which could alter the air pollution. Another reliable example is Bogota, once a year they have a car free day to limit the air pollution (20). Carlos Arturo Plaza believes, "[i]t's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution" (24).

In addition, the neighborhood or city you are in wouldn't be as loud. Have you ever imagined a peaceful enviornment with no car horns or engine? Heidrun Walter said she was always tense and now she is happy without her car, because she can hear the swiss of bicycles and the chatterring of children playing (3). Rarely do I ever have peaceful moments unless I'm inside school, or at the neighborhood library. For example, a peaceful walk to school can mentally prepare me for my day ahead, and save my mother gas money.

The amount of money one pays for a car could be equilvalent to amount some else pays for their house. Also, when you get the car, you have to put gas in it for your engine to power up. Limited car use wouldn't just effect you as a person, but the economy as a whole. "In previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport" (9). If we reduced our car usage, the United States wouldn't have to spend 80 percent of appropriations to highways and they could even it out more to other transportation use. Plus, if you didn't have to pay for gas every week just imagine how much money that would save you.

Limited car use doesn't just effect you financially, but it also contributes positively to the enviornment. In additon, more peaceful moments can be added to your agenda of things to do. Cars are reliable for their speed and transportation, but when it comes to long term effects, I don't know if its really worth the risk.                                                                                                    