Cars are used everyday to get from one place to another. In some places, people depend on cars more than others that live in different parts of the world. However, the reduction of car usage has many advantages; the planet would grealty benefit from less pollution, traffic jams would not be as frequent, and people become more healthy as a result.

Limiting the use of cars would greatly help the problem of pollution in the world today. In the article written by Elisabeth Rosenthal,

In German Suburb, Life Goes on Without Cars,

she describes what affects cars have on pollution, "Automobiles are the linchpin of suburbs, where middle-class families from Chicago to Shanghai tend to make their homes. And that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes....Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe...and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United Sates" (Rosenthal). One can clearly see that cars are a major factor in the pollution dilemma that so many peole are trying to resolve. Everyone can take a part in the resolution of reducing pollution by depending less on cars and using other modes of transport such as public transportation, biking, or even walking. Some cities are placing enforcements to ban the usage of cars. Paris is an example of one of these locations. The result of the enforcemnt was that congestion (or smog) went down 60 percent. This is a great improvemnt for the city, which is known for having near-record pollution. Multiplying these enforcemnts to other cities would definitely bring down a large percent of the pollution found on Earth. This is benefiting not only the planet, but also the population that lives on the planet by enabling them to breathe healthier air.

The cause of traffic jams is the abundant amount of cars on the road, which could be avoided if less cars were used. Andrew Selsky wrote in his article,

Care-free Day is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota

, "In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a care-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams" (Selsky). With no cars to clog the streets, a relaxed sentiment took the place of a usually anxious and hurried feeling. Rush-hour restrictions were put in act, and have drastically cut traffic. Less honking takes place, and more time is saved in order to get to one's destination. Cars are not always needed to get someone where they want to go, and the enviornment is less stressul without all of the congestion of cars on the road.

People become more healthy when car usage is limited. Instead of taking a car to get from point A to point B, some people are walking or biking instead. This is a huge benefit to the people that are exercising. Also, in

Care-free Day is Spinning Into a Big Hit in Bogota,

it says that parks and sports centers have bloomed throuhout the city of Bogota because of the decreased usage of automobiles. The parks and sport centers help people stay active and healthy.

Although cars are useful in order to get to one's destination, there are many advantages to cutting back the usage of them. A huge advantage is that pollution would drastically go down. Another is the time and stress saved from less traffic jams. Lastly, people would benefit from the way they are making their lives more healthy.    