There are certain situations where some students do not enjoy school. In some cases, it is sitting in a class with a teacher they do not bond with. In other scenarios, students have trouble with being in a big group for long periods of time. These students would benefit vastly from online school. These students can be taught through voice chats or online software that are provided by the school systems. Home schooling can be very beneficial for students because it is not always easy to make friends, students can have more time to finish their work, and the anxiety of being in the physical school building disappears.

In most school systems, their are always the students who are picked on or have a difficult time making friends. These students should enroll in online school. They would benefit greatly from this because, they do not have to worry about where they are going to sit at during lunch, or who will they talk to during the next period. All of that worry is instantly removed when these students take online classes. This will not only help with the students emotional feelings, but will also help get there grades up. The less time students spend worrying, the more time they will spend on studying and their other school work. Thus, online school is a perfect solutions for students who have trouble making friends.

Many students have a lot of stress. The majority of this stress comes from school and getting a lot of extra work. In order to decrease the amount of stress that comes with school, students need more time to get their work done. This can all be accomplished by the home school system. Students can work at their own pace, and finish their work as they please. The individuals who have more time to get their work done well succeed far greater than students who have 1 to 2 weeks to complete all of their work. In conclusion, students that take online classes have more time to finish their work, which also lowers their stress level.

School can be hard for students. Whether it be a students who needs to move around and fidget a lot, or someone who moves around schools very often. This can all lead anxiety at a certain degree. Anxiety makes learning nearly impossible. Students go to class with a knot in the pit of their stomach just waiting for the dismissal bell. This could all be easily eliminated. The solution is home schooling these individuals. These young adults can move around freely as they choose and do not have to worry about where their next class is going to be located. This will help them stay focused and be able to work to their full potential. Thus, online school is a great alternative for students with anxiety.

Some critics may argue that home schooling students lets them loose valuable social skills. They also may say that home school is not as challenging as a regular school system. The students who are enrolled in online classes still go out and attend social events, therefore; they do not loose these skills. In online school you learn the same criteria as a student in a public school. Thus, making it just as challenging. Online classes are very helpful for students because it is hard to make friends , you can work at your own pace, and it removes all anxiety of being inside of the school building. 