It's hard enough for us to get our homework done as it is. There are too many distractions a home. Some students don't have access to the same resources at home that they have at their schools. Students would miss out on experiences and memories that would otherwise be made at their schools. Attending classes from home would not be beneficial for students.

Students around the world have different stories. They have different things that they go through day in and day out, and the distractions that they have at home aren't usually well known by other people. Whether it's financial issues, domestic violence, or even extracurricular activities. Students face different challenges, and they go through different trials and tribulations every day. For many students, school becomes a place to escape all of the stress that they experience at home.

Some students are in a place where they don't have access to certain things that could help them through their education. For example, not all towns have libraries in a close proximity that they can go to when they need a certain book. Schools usually have libraries and other ways to accommodate their students' needs. Another example is that not all students know what their next meal will be. Schools that provide free lunches eliminate this issue. Not having access to the abundant advantages that students get while going to a physical school can really ruin some students ways of life.

Many teachers and professionals might even say that school is more about the experiences and memories made than it is about the education you leave with. This is because there are many lessons to learn that aren't to be had in the classroom, but are rather gained throughout your interactions with those around you and in your classes. All kinds of events from a homecoming dance or senior prom, to a pep rally or a Friday night football game. All of them have takeaway moments for participants and for spectators alike. It might be harder to have those experiences, to make new friends, and to learn certain lessons from home.

While there are certainly students that can handle taking online school, distance learning is not worth the risk for the majority of students. This is because they might not be able to handle the pressure that comes with it. There are many disadvantages to taking online school. Experiences and memories will not have been made as they would have been at a nromal school.