Dear Principal,

Helping out the community is always a good thing to do.

Some people like helping, but others don't. I understand that people are busy with other things and might not have time to help the community, but little things you do help.

Therefore, i think that the students should perform community service.

If you have something else going on like sports for example, you could take a day off from them to help the community. Some people don't even play sports because they can't afford it, so think how they feel. If the students helped out the community, i think the community would appreciate it, and be thankful that the kids took time out of their schedule to help them.

Community service doesn't take long, the longest it would take is a day. After you do community service you feel good because you know you helped people.

Even if theirs certain things you don't like doing for community service, there's many things that you could choose from.

I know i would feel good if people helped me out, and the people you are helping will feel good too. As a principal you should encourage the kids to do community service. It will help them become better people. I mean i know, I'm a kid and i know doing community service isn't the most fun thing. I could be doing something better. No one likes doing service.

After you get done with it, you do feel good inside and you know that you helped people have a better life. There's always little things that you could do to help out in the community. Even recycling. You help out the community a lot doing that because you are cleaning our world. People should recycle more often and it would make our place cleaner and healthier to live in. We do community service in my school. We do it every year as a class. I think that even one day a year helps people out a lot. I would say that you should have your students do community service. It would help out everyone there, and they would be happy that you came to help them out.

sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME