In certain schools they have a required summer project that is either teacher designed or student designed.

My position is the students should design these project because students have a bigger imagination, and if we create the project we're more likely to do it. I will get into more detail as i continue.

Some schools require a summer project, and my position states that students should design these projects because students have a bigger imagination than teachers. My reasoning for that statement is we're still young and we see stuff more different than adults. For example picture a little boy and a forty year old man the little boy imagination is something you wouldn't expect, and the old man imagination and creativity isn't really on point like the little boy. But the little boy has all these ideas that one day can save the world, my point is you expanding your mind just a little bit can produce one of the best ideas. Which is why i think students should design these projects because of our imagination which can expand into a different realm and create a great idea for a project which more students would want to do because a student created it and the creativity put into it will attract us students.

Therefor If students created this project we are going to more likely want to do it. Because the fact that the students created it that alone would push students to want to do it more. Seeing your peers create a project that you can relate too would also push you to do it. Us younger people use social media as a outlet to sell things etc... but if we put the project design on social media, and catch our peers attention and they like it. More and more students would complete or at least try because of the creativity and it was a peer telling you, not no commanding teacher.

I would choose students to create this summer project design. Because the fact that if a peer put it out there and is creating it we're more likely going to do it. We think differnet we reach into the non reality part of life and make it reality. I also agree with the fact that our imagination is way bigger then teachers because what were used to seeing on television etc.. anything could be possible from what we've seen so far in our life.