Have you ever just needed advice from your friends because you dont know what to do. Asking for advice does not make you a stupid person and it does not make you a bad person ether. It all means that you just need a little help because you dont know what to do. Asking for help comes with many positive responses like to see what other people would do in your situation, there are also some situations that you should not choose, and maybe just because you need more options to choose from.

listening to other peoples opinions of what they would do is a great option for help when you dont know what to do. There are always more than one options that is the best pick for the problems that your facing. Other peoples ideas might be better than yours because you cant think about any good ones. You also may have a lot of great options for the situation in your head but you dont know what one to pick, so you ask a friend. You also could have no thought what so ever so you just need help to think of some.

There are some options that you should never choose from because they can have a bad outcome on you are the other person that is involved. Choosing any of these options can ruin your friendship with the other person that is involved and cause more drama that has already happened or start drama. Most of the things that you pick can hurt your feelings along with others feelings and can ruin your self-esteem. Ruining relationships can start a lot of drama and will come back to you later in your life. They can also get you in big trouble and could even get you grounded at home.

Just needing more options can be a super great thing so u dont panic. You away have more than one choice to choose from if your plan backfires. If your plan should be to backfire and does not come out the way you expect it to, you have more options. more than one options can help because you may need to use outcomes. For example you need more than one choice to make a more wiser choice in life or even to get farther in a game, and relationship,

etc.

So asking for help or more options is never a bad thing. You will never a dumb person for doing so. "

If you ever do something bad it will come back to you in life and make it worse. So fix it and apologize for what you did.' always make the right choices.