The more we use cars the worse it is for our environment. There are advantages of limiting cars use and disadvantages. The advantages will ban the usage of cars in some states like German in the suburb area.

Im going to start off by saying that using cars is harmful for the environment. According to the first resource giving to us "Passenger cars are resonsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emisiions in Europe ... and upto 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." But people are saying its a good idea to ban cars. Heidrun Walter states that "When i had a car i was always tense, i'm much happier this way." So to some people there are advatages of limiting car use.

Well we also need to clear the air of the global city. It states that "Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the gobal city." But humans are also claiming that its making the streets better. "cold night and warm days caused the warmer layer of air to trap car emissions" and also smooth sidewalks are being built and parks and sport centers have bloom throughout the city. Rush hour restriction have cut traffic dramatically and new restaurants and upscale shopping districts have cropped up. The goal is the promote alernative transportation and reduce smog. The driving has decreased 23 percent from the years 2001-2009. That shows you that America's attachment to cars has decreased. The number of miles driven in the United States peaked in 2005 and decreased afterwards. The number of miles driven per person was about 9 percent below the peak and equals to where the country was in January 1995. Some people are saying its cause Americans couldnt afford new cars, and the unemployed weren't going to work anyways so they wouldnt need any type of transportation. Michael Sivake states "What's most intriguing is that rates of car ownership per household and per person started to come down two to three years before turndown." Even New York's new bike sharing program and skyrocketing bridge and tunnel tolls reflect those new priorities , as do a proliferation of car sharing programs across the nation.

To Conclude there are many advantages of limiting the use of cars.  The environment is doing beter without vehicles and we need to clear up the air of the global city.    