For as long as summer breaks have existed in the school system, students returning to school after months without teaching have lost some of the knowledge that they gained the previous year.

As a result, a majority of the time spent at school during the first few weeks back need to be devoted to review before the new curriculum can begin.

In order to prevent this problem from occurring each year, some schools have started to require summer projects for their students as a way to review previous material while on break.

These summer projects should be designed by teachers because teachers have more experience with education, teachers have the ability to make projects that are at an appropriate difficulty, and teachers know what information will be the most important to remember from the following year.

Most importantly, teachers should be the ones responsible for designing summer projects because the have had more experience with education.

For instance, all certified teachers have completed school through the twelfth grade, unlike the students they are teaching.

Since teachers have spent more time learning in school than their students, they have a better understanding of what their students will be required to learn.

With this knowledge, teachers can accurately tailor summer assignments help students retain knowledge that will be important in later years of schooling.

Along with this, most teachers in America, including my mother, need to have at a master's degree in education in order to be certified.

Although this is not all parts of America, anywhere from a few classes to a master's degree can be required before somebody can become a certified teacher.

With everything that they were forced to learn before they could receive their teaching degrees, teachers are the experts on how to lead a classroom along with create appropriate summer projects.

Hence why teachers should be the ones responsible for creating summer projects for their students.

With their extensive knowledge of the classroom, teachers are also more capable of creating the summer projects because they know how to make a project appropriately challenging for their students.

While it is true that individual students know which aspects of education are most difficult to them, teachers have the best idea of what the entire class needs improvement in.

Although not every student will benefit from completing a project that is meant to help the class as a whole retain knowledge over the summer, doing this can significantly help those who are struggling.

Having teachers create the summer projects also allows for those who are falling behind to catch back up with the rest of their piers before the next school year begins.

A specific example of this happened when students who previously took Geometry had to complete a summer packet before they could take Algebra 2 during the next school year.

The packet that was assigned matched the difficulty of the Algebra 2 class, so students were able to get a good idea of what was required of them during the next school year.

As a result of the packet being slightly more difficult than some anticipated, those who did some extra studying outside of the required assignment were more prepare to be on pace for the rest of the school year.

Therefore, teachers should be the ones responsible for creating summer projects for their students because teachers are more aware of the appropriate level of difficulty for a given class.

The final reason why teachers should be the ones creating summer projects for their students to complete is because teachers are aware of what information from the previous year will be important to retain for the next school year.

Although all information in school has a purpose, not all of it will reappear later on in school, depending on students' specializations.

Therefore, students who are all going to pursue different careers will likely take different sets of classes once they enter high school and college.

As a result, they will not be able to prepare for their specializations as effectively if they are required to create summer projects for themselves in order to retain any knowledge that might be needed in the future.

As a more specific example, the summer assignment that had to be completed before one could enter Pre-Calculus only included certain pieces of math that were learned in the past.

Despite learning about how to find the area and volume of many shapes in geometry, hardly any of that information showed up on this summer packet.

This was because the parts that did show up on the summer assignment became important building blocks for what students would learn in Pre-Calculus for the rest of the school year.

As a result, teachers should be the ones who create summer projects because of their knowledge of what information will be important to retain for later years of schooling.

All throughout childhood, students are heavily encourages to focus on their educations in order to obtain the best possible futures.

While it is good that students think for themselves while they are learning facts and equations in school buildings, giving students too much freedom in their education before they are properly educated could accidentally limit their ability to learn.

Therefore, summer projects should be constructed by teachers because teachers have the most experience with education, teachers are able to set summer assignments at an appropriate difficulty, and teachers know what information will be the most important to retain for future years of schooling.