Presidents, they are the most powerful people in the United States of America. They are the people who make the tough calls for the masses to make sure the benifits of the majority are met because the needs of the many out weigh the needs of the few. Some people think that the way our presidents are elected today are not very practicle methods but some people do. Presidents are elected using two processes, those processes are popular vote and Electoral College. The Electoral College is not very practical in my book because they don't spend time in the places that they know they are going to win or not going to and Electoral College is not by majority.

Presidents are like superstars of the political world but they don't spend any time in the places they are know they will win or lose. Source 2 states "Candidates dont spend the time in states they know they have no chance  of winning." The candidates for the presidential election don"t even try to sway some of the states that either they know aren't going to vote for them or the opponent has already been there and gave them his idea on cetain matters. Voters are usally more thoughtful when they dont know who to vote for so the listen to both sides, but there is also the problem of majority in some places and not others.

Majority also plays an impact on the vote of the presidency. Look at how many Electoral College votes California has, they have a total of 55 votes thats more than Wyoming by a land slide because Wyoming only has 3 votes total. If one side got Florida, Califronia, Texas and Massachusetts then the opposing side would have to get all of the other states just to catch up. The distrabution of the votes is a problem because some states are humongus but they dont have a large population. Some states are really shrimpy but have a abundance of people. These are just two reasons why the Electoral College process should be tossed out of the election decisions in general.

Some people say the Electoral College process is just fine because this process aviods run off elections. Source 3 states "Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate recevies the majority of the votes cast." They say this because of what happened in the Nixon and Clinton race in 1992. Neither one of them got the majority the both got 43 precent of the votes cast. This doesn't help the real problems at hand like the time management and majority issues in the states that have large amounts of people and little land and vis versa. The amount of votes each state gets is based on its population and its not fair to the staets that have less people just because of there location to suffer while the smaller more populos states don't.

In future election the Electoral College should be taken out of the process in which the president is elected because of the miss use of time and the distribution of population. The popular vote process would eliminate both problems if it was the only process. It would eliminate the time spent in states by making them go to every single one or close to that. They would do this to make sure they got as many votes as possible. It would also eliminate the population aspect because every state would get to make a diffrence in the election of the president instead of having 3 votes and most of the other states having twice that or more. This election process is to complicated you should dumb it down or simplify it to increase the impact of each state and the simplfication for the soon to be president. We don't want him to change his mind about doing this important job for us as a country.                  