WHY PEOPLES ADVICE CAN HELP YOU

One person cannot let alone give you all the advice you need in life that is why there are billions of people this earth to help you and I. The advice given can benefit you in the work environment. In the work force you need peoples help to get you through certain task.

The advice you get can help boost the brains emotional cortex. Later on in life you could give the exact same advice to a struggling person.

OK this seems to bore you people out what do I have do make you laugh a joke? OK fine here's one why does a chicken coop have two doors?........ because if it four it would be a sedan. get it?

OK back to the paper.

Not a single can let alone give you all the advice you need in life so you need multiple personal can give you all the advice you need. Like my grandma( love you) she gave me a lot of advice in my lifetime.

She has given me a lot of good things to say to people. "Help others, then they will help you later in life."

See like that. Not just my grandma, my dad has given me advice to. He is a person who helps others. That is the type of advice he gives.

Then there is my mom(love everyone in my family) she helps me with advice when I am depressed. See multiple personal can help you in life.

The advice you get, you could turn around and use to another struggling person. In the work life it helps to give the "younger generation" help( GRANDMA) when they need it.

When my dad works he always tells the new people what to do when they ask for help.

Thus this is getting boring I know. so here is a joke. why do trumpets play loudly because fff and ppp look all the same to them. ah another crappy joke to lighten this place up.

OK now back to this. the advice you get can benefit the giver of the advice. it could boost their self confidence.

Not only that but it could help them knowing that they give you help. It could help to know what to do to if that delay or problem were to show up again you would know how to fix it. Then you could tell another person who asked what to do then you could tell them how to do it.

Normally this is the end of peoples papers but guess what not ME.

Now then the world as we know it is evolving and that means we need more knowledge. the more people know the less we have to worry. the advice you give can help a person grow and learn from the experience. Then they know how to fix it and share he advice to the other people who need it.

Now with technology people dont need that advice all they need is to just Google it and bam there it is. What if you cant find it on the internet then you need to turn to the people and their advice to help you in these kind of situations . you need advice to get you through life it will help you. then it comes back to you and how you handle it. you can choose to listen to the advice or to not listen. in today s world you just have to learn not to care. FALSE you do need to care about people. now you need to listen to peoples advice it can and will get you through life and it will help you.

you should stop and listen to peoples advice and see how that would help you and benefit the others around you.

OK final joke of the day why did the chicken cross the road? I don't know you make that one up yourself. I mean come on its not like I am made of jokes jeez cut me some slack people.

You need listen to peoples advice they will help you in tough times. It helps to have people you know that can help you through tough time with their own advice to you and will help you push through it.

When I am down and out of it, I ask my grandma for advice, because she helps me get through tough times. She will help me and I know she is a shoulder I can lean for advice. My mother she helps me do things I didn't even know I cold do with her helpful advice. My family and friends our good people to turn to when I need advice to get me through tough times.

When I get advice from anyone it doesn't matter who it is, I will take it to heart and do my best to follow and listen to it. "Do or Do not there is no try"- Yoda. That is a good advice to live by. it tells you need to do your best or not do your best but you can not try. You want to do your best in this world and not try to do your best in this world. That is good advice to live by. In this world with everything that goes on you need stop and think about some advice someone gave you one time and take to heart and think about what it means. Then you need to go and do best in the world with the advice in mind.

Next you do your best and then past it off to other people and help them as well.

It will make you feel good in side that you did something good in the world.

In this time that I had with you I talked about how people can give advice, not one person, but multiple personal can give you good advice to live by, then we talked about how it helps in the work environment with other people around you to give them advice that they can listen to and do their best at as well, Then we talked about how good friends and family can help with advice you can get from them, next we talked about how it could benefit the person that told you the advice, then we talked about how it could benefit you and the others around you, and we final talked about how you need to do your best and not try your best at stuff. Now you see it is easier in life when someone gives you advice to listen to. It is best to listen and take the advice to heart and do it. It will make you feel better.

all you have to do is give a single word of advice.

Then that should get it all going for something great to happen.

It will all come back to your advice that you gave and will come back around to you. You will feel great about what has happened.

Just a single piece of advice can go a long way for some people.

That is called the butterfly effect.

This will make you feel like you could POP from the joy that you just felt. One thing is it.