The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers by explaining how fascinating Venus truly is and how there are ways of getting around the hazards involved. The author goes into detail about how Venus is so fascinating because it is our Earth's "twin". Although there are numerous safety hazards for the space travelers, NASA has developed many theories on how to get around it. With this he is able to support his view that studying Venus up close would be benefitial despite the dangers at hand.

Venus is one of the closest planets to resemble Earth in the entire solar system. The author states, "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size..." This is the author's way of introducing the idea that other planets in our solar system could have been able to harbor some form of life at some point. The author also states, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system. Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth. The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters." The author uses these excerpts in order to explain to the reader why there is such a fascination with studying Venus and why he supports it.

Venus has its fair share of deadly hazards including erupting volcanos, atomic pressure beyond what any human can stand, intense heat and many more serious hazards. The author states, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float above the fray...a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way...Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans." The author includes this to show that although Venus has it's dangers there are ways to get around them, he does this in order to support ,or convince the reader, that studying Venus would be more important than the possible dangers.

In conclusion, the author supported his belief that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers excellently. The author explains that Venus could have once been exactly like Earth and even now Venus is the closest to resembling Earth. He explained that there are indeed many safety hazards but with NASA working on ways around these hazards, the trip would be worth it, even if it's just from a bird's-eye view. 