The Electoral College should be abolished because citizens can't vote directly on which canidate they want. The electoral college is unfair because a candiate that wins the vote of the people, they can't become president if they don't have enough electoral votes. For example when Al Gore was elected, Gore won the popular vote but could not become president because of insufficent electoral college votes.

It is not fair to the people that their vote cannot count unless it goes through the Electoral College. The Electoral College bases on what the overall state vote is, instead of the individual voter, thus making it unfair to each voter if they do not get an equal say in who they want as president. Said in source two, "Under the Electoral College system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president." The citizens should be able to choose who governs their country. Direct elections are much easier than having an Electoral College. The voters vote, the majority wins and we have a new president.

In the Electoral College system, the voters vote of another set of voters who vote for the candiate of their party. The Electoral College way is much more difficult than having a popular vote method of voting.

In some cases,when no candiate wins a majority of the popular vote, in source 3, "For example, Nixon in 1968 and clinton in 1992 both had only a 43 percent plurality of the popular votes, while winning a majority in the electoral college(301 and 370 Electoral votes, respectively)."  This could be a clearer solution to havings run-off elections. Also in source 3, "There is no pressure for run-off elections when no candidate wins a majority of the voters cast; that pressure, which would greatly complicate the presidentail election process, is reduced by the Electoral Collage, which invariably produces a clear winner." The president should be choosen by what the people want. There are also some citizens who may be a republican in a democratic state and vice versa who's vote wouldn't even be considered because the Electoral College will be voting for the overall states vote. In a popular vote everyone gets a say in who our president will be.

Having the popular vote method is a way to give all citizens a voice in who they want their next president to be. It's also a way to get people involved with government. If everyone gets an equal say,Then the president is choosen fairly among the citizens instead of a group of electors that go by the states overall vote rather than everyone getting equality. After all, America is a democracy and the electoral college isn't very democratic.    