Schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by video conference. This might be a good option for students who really do need it but there is some other students who won't take this seriously.

I am writing this essay with the porpuse of desagreement with the idea of providing this "benefit" to the students, this is a way of making students lose interest in school because they might think that they don't have to take the conference every time and they willl think that they can do it whenever they want which gives to think that they aren't prepare for making good decisions when it comes with schools classes. In my opinion this is an opportunity that the schools gives to the students to drop out of high school considering that students are teenagers and they don't have the same amount of responsability than adults in most cases.

As a student I desagree with this option. We need to be able to communicate, create good group work, and meet people and I can assure that most of the students will ended up leaving this classes when they half way done. Being with more students make classes fun, helpful and even more interesting, students sometimes needs to have a adult teaching them and having a conversation face to face instead a computer taking to them.

Taking classes online is a benefit when you know how to manage time for example: My brother is a college student who is getting his master degree in Genetic Engineering some of his classes wasn't a requirement that he had to take them inside school so he decide to take them online so he can have more free time when it comes with work and school. He made a study plan which consist in spending one hour each day so he can focus on his online classes which helps him to study for every single of his classes.

My friend Generic_Name is a senior on high school and she decided to take two of her classes online so she can have enough time for work, school activities, and graduation plans. She has been overwhelm with all her activities and assignments which it made her drop out of one of her two online classes, she said she felt like she couldn't do it by herself which it made her start getting bad grades in her school classes. Later she decided to take those classes in school so she can have her classmate help her in case she get stuck in a topic. I think this opportunity can make students get stuck and give up on school which it can't happen because we are the future.

In conclusion this option has it advantages and disavantages which for some people might seems good and differentes but for some other this option seems to be useless when it comes with the progress that we do inside the school.