When people need advice they usually ask more than one person so they don't do the wrong thing, can help other people, and they can gain trust. Asking people for help is like going to a store and knowing what your going to buy. So when people get help it can make them a better person in life because it can help people with anxiety. Helping with anxiety is important because some people who have anxiety are sometimes antisocial. Also people that are antisocial can do better in life so talking to people especilly asking for help can help a lot.

First, asking for help and knowing what to do can help them to help other people so they can help you back in the future. For example other people would to help them because some people would feel guilty if they don't help back. Another reason why helping other people is that people can make friends because people sometimes want friends who are nice and can help when they ask. Another reason is that if people dont know them that well then they can think different things about them. For example if they help them it will make them know they're a nice person and they will become a nicer person.

Next, asking for help from more than one person can help people is so they don't do the wrong thing. For example when some people do something wrong at a job the boss or coworkers can get mad and could yell at them and make their life worse. Also doing something wrong can cause people to dislike them because some people don't like people who mess up sometimes. For example when people mess up some people would think they're clumsy and would dislike them for messing up, which I think is messed up. Also not doing the wrong thing can make them think it can help them with things they thought they couldn't do. For example if they keep asking for help on how to do something they thought they couldn't do but did it they would feel accomplished and probably try to do new things in life.

finally, when asking more than one person on how to do something and they don't lie they will start gaining trust. For example when people gain trust they want to keep asking those same or other people so that they know they wont lie to them. Another reason is that they would be happier if they gained someones trust or someone gained their trust. For example if someone gained their trust and they gained someones trust then they would be happy since someone trust them and they trust someone so they could help each other when the need it. Also it can gaining trust can help with anxiety and antisocial people since they're talking to people. For example they would be gaining peoples trust if ask people for help and they would start talking more, start talking louder, and talking more clearer.

In conclusion, these things help people with their lives because some people dont talk to people or just are antisocial and when I used to be antisocial I would ask other people to help with with things that I was stuck on and then when they would ask for my help I would help them. So when I started talking more and more It was when I was asking for help and it really helped me in my life becaue now I have more friends that my old antisocial self thought I would have.