Studying other planets and figuring what else is out there can be intersting and dangous at the same time. Not knowing what could be out there could hurt us in many ways. Studying from a distance won't do us any harm, but maybe actually visiting Venus could hurt us. It could hurt us because we don't know what could happen. Exploring isn't always worth seeking, especially causing a disruption to mother nature.

There's no harm on studying planet Venus from earth. Living on Venus or visiting, that shoudn't even be a consideration. "A thick atmosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. On the planet's surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet" (Para 3). Venus is too hot to even consider visiting for a personal study as a human. Venus is known for it's volcanoes and powerful earthquakes. "Beyond high pressure and heat, Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful; earthquacks, and frequent lighting strikes.." (Para 3). These reasons vould be because of how close Venus is close to the Sun and is the hottest planet in the solar system by far.

Other reasons why studying Venus from afar is a best choice is the fact that it would be a difficult task to fly human out for a study. "...because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photography and videography ineffective. More importantly, researchers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything als, from a distance" (Para 6). Landing on Venus and studying would be hard becasue of the unstable conditions. Not due to weather, but due to how spaceships would act on the Venus because of the geographical features.

Even though these opinions are true, many scientist believe this mission could be done. Weather isn't too bad for humans to visite the planet reseachers say. "At thirty-plus miles above the surface, temperatures would still be toasty at around 170 degrees Fahrenheit, but the air pressure would be close to that of sea level on Earth. Solar power would be plentiful, and radiation would not exceed Earth levels. Not easy conditions, but survivable for human" (Para 5).

Many scientist are creating ways to make it possible for humans to land on the planet. "Many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully yo our knowledge of Venus" (Para 6). Despite the risks, scientist and researchers are working hand in hand to figure out a way to make it possible to land on Venus.

Even though scientist are finding many ways to land on Venus, it is a very hardful and long study that might be able to contruste or not. Either way this can hurt many people. Sending humans can be harmful and wouldn't be any point if studying. It would be had to collect evidence or take pictures.                                       