Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Who would u like to not have sports? Many children at this age should be exercising and doing fitness. Students should be able to participate in any sport in which they please to be in.

There are many reasons why students should be able to be in sports no matter what there age. One reason is that the United States of America is statically the fattest country in the world. This means that in order for us to change this we need the future generation to be fit. The next reason is that if you are overweight your chances of a health disease are higher than a person who doesn't have health issues. My final reason is that exercise is a great way to expand your mind and relax after a stressful day.

After what many people have seen it is all true, the United States is the fattest country in the world! In fact i myself am overweight and many of my other friends are to. In a nationwide statistic it showed that 83% of people in the United States are either overweight or obese. It is a disgrace that we are the fattest country in the world. How would you like to be part of the fattest country in the world?

My next reason is that exercise can actually expand your mind and release stress. My mom comes home from work everyday to a point where she cant even think. After she finishes her daily workout she is as loose as a goose. Nothing can get her aggregated because the exercise has cleared her mind of all negativity. In the Jersey Journal it explained how 3 out of 5 people who do exercise after a long stressful day at work are healed of there frustration. Don't you want to be at peace?

Finally people who are overweight and obese have a better chance of getting a health disease. I am overweight and i was diagnosed with high cholesterol. Its not a fun thing to have because you cant enjoy the fun of eating junk food with all your friends. In Fox 5 news it showed how 95% of people who are overweight or obese have health diseases. Do u want a health diseases.

All of my reasons are a good reason why not to take sports away from students that are not B students. Getting health diseases, everyone being overweight or obese, and not being able to release your stress are all good reasons why. America will not get skinnier by sitting on couches watching T.V. It takes determination and will. Thank you for reading this letter and i hope you will consider what i have said.