When asking for advice on any topic don't just take one persons advice. When you are asking people for there opinions, always ask more then one person because peoples opinions can get mixed up in what there family and friends say, also what they read or watch. Three ways to avoid getting 100 different responses are ask a person you know is good at that topic, apply it to the real world, and what not to do.

If you are trying to find advice one of the best people to ask are your friends especially if they know the topic. Most of the time your friends will tell you anything you ask, but sometimes they are just saying stuff to either act smart or they actually are smart. Remember to make sure this friend never lies or tells you false information. Another group of people you can ask are your teachers, parents, grandparents, or even your uncles or aunts. All these people are older than you and have more experience in the real world. They also can probably answer any questions you ask.

Another group of people you can ask are people who have already been through the situation.

Once you ask whoever is reliable to you, take the information you got and apply it to the real world. In real life the ability to learn and apply what you learned is very important because if you cant apply what you learned then you will be limited on alot of different things. Math,history,english and science are all aplications to the real world. In gy you have to apply the rules and the mechanics to play any game. For example driving if you cant apply how to drive to real life then you can't drive.

Here is some advice i would give you: Sharing it is also important because if you share your advice you might get some back. Make sure you are the trustworthy one and never spread rumors. Make sure you are an expert in one atleast one subject.

Asking someone good at that topic, applying it to the real world and sharig your knowledge are three ways to not get 100 different answers. Its not easy to give advice but sometimes you can.