Advice, we all need it, and sometimes we need multiple opinions. We make decisions everyday, for example; "Should I eat pancakes or eggs for breakfast," or, "Should I do my laundry?" but when seeking advice on a decision that is harder to make people usually go to who they trust most, but sometimes you need more than that. Going to different people can be helpful with these harder decisions because everyone has different points of view, and experiences.

When you need advice, going to different people can be helpful because they all have different points of view. This can lead to different outcomes and with that you always want another opinion. When looking at the different points of view you can always think through what might happen in that situation. For example, one time I needed advice on whether I should retake a unit test for math; one of my friends said to retake the test because she was thinking of helping my grade; my other friend said not to because it would stress me out. In the end, I went with the first option because my grade was important to me at the time. Decisions can be hard, but getting advice from others on what to do can help immensely.

Another reason why getting advice from different people can help is that they all have different experiences to learn from. Sometimes listening to what others have gone through helps with a decision because you can imagine what might happen through their words. For example; I was deciding whether or not I wanted to go to school on the last day. I asked two friends; one said that I shouldn't go because we weren't going to be doing much and from their experience the last day is never fun; the other said I should go because you never know how eventful the day might be and from their experience sometimes the last day is a lot of fun. When it came down to the wire I decided not to go because in the long run going that day wasn't going to benefit me.

Going to different people for advice can be helpful with harder decisions because everyone has different points of view, and experiences. Learn and grow from each other, and always make the decision that is beneficial to who it affects. In the long run these small decisions can lead to one big decision and knowing you have people to help and to give you advice is important. 