Students should focus on having a great education to make their future better. A lot of students attend classes from home online. While others go to school to get their education. All students should go to school for a great experience. Although, you are learning you also make new friends, get into extracurricular activities, and field trips with your classes. You will have so much fun in the process of graduating.

At school is where students first make friendships. One student could be helping another and they could end up becoming great friends. You see students roaming around with each other all the time and it's great to see no one getting left behind or all alone. For example, when I went to school there were a lot of friendly people like me. We all came together and introduced ourselves and went to class together. We started to hang out more and till this day we are still close as ever. If a student is not at school someone can update them on school work they missed so they can be caught up with everything. It's good to always have someone to talk to. Whenever a student may feel sad they can pick he/she head back up and make them feel glad again. Friends can help you go through tough times and help you get through anything. The students can go to more activities with their friends, invite them to places, and play games. They are the people you can share your secrets with and trust them that they can keep it. Students can make memories with their friends to never forget about even when they graduate. They can have fun together throughout school.

While students are in school they can also sign up for extracurricular activities. To keep students occupied they can join clubs and sports and other things at school that they can enjoy. It keeps the students on a great path and can also look good on a students record when they go to college. A lot of students sometimes want to stay at school and do more things. For instance, I was one of those kids who always stayed back for soccer or band. Most of all it kept me busy and out of trouble. Students can end up loving what they do and can focus on that to make their future life successful. There are also adults right along with them through every step of the way. They keep the students on track and help whether it's tutoring, sports, or clubs. They make students the best they can be. Extracurricular give a boost on a student record. Colleges may look that and also how good they are and give them a scholarship. Extracurricular have been a big help for students all around the world. Students love the after-school activities and it keeps them up. It can also help with academics because the students would need good grades while exploring these activities.

Students love to take field trips. It's like having a break with all the people you want to share that breaks with. As they are on the field trip students can go around and make notes about the field trip and try new things. Not only that, but some field trips are just for fun! Schools can go to amusement parks, beaches, museums, etc. Some schools also have out of the country field trips. They can have a good time with other students, teachers, and some family members! You can learn so much as you go through each field trip and also try a lot of new things that you haven't. I remember I went to a museum and I touched a sting ray, baby snake, and some other things. It was cool to learn about other animals and see what they do. Field trips are another way for learning. You can observe things, touch things, and listen. It's all a fun experience no student should want to miss. After all they're still having fun.

Some people would say that being home is better and more comfortable. Yes that's true but what else can they do than stare at a computer all day? They won't have any other things to do while their parents are still at work. School can give you a better opportunity to express and find yourself. There's a better chance at school for anything. It's better if you need help, your teacher can help you one on one and you can actually see face to face. You can make new friends everyday and take field trips all day. Also to do more helpful things for your record.

Education is very important throughout a child's life. How they learn is up to them. School has different ways of learning that students can choose from. School also has fun things to do without learning that and you can have fun. Students can make new friends, have extracurricular activities, and field trips with classes. There's so much fun things to do that you can have a awesome high school experience. In conclusion, all students should go to school instead of learning online.                                