In my opinion, driverless cars are going to be a positive thing for people. The driverless cars have been improving throughout the years,they will be more safe, and they will make us more alert when driving.

Driverles cars have been on the road to progress for a number of years. They have been upgraded to figure out what does and doesn't work. For example, in the text it says, " For example, in the late 1950's, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track. The track was embedded with an electrical cable that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car." It also says, " These smart- road systems worked surprisingly weel, but they required massive upgrades to exisiting roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." This evidence shows that the driverless cars have been tested and improved throughout the years.

Another reason why I think driverless cars are a good thing is because of safety. These driverless cars have sensors that help the car and the human be in control of it. In the text it says, " The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels and reduce power from the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could manage alone." This evidence shows that these sensors can help the human driver drive more safe. Another piece of evidence is that in the text it says, " The google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over. Other options under the consideration are flashing lights on the windshield and other heads-up displays. Manufacturers are also considering using cameras to watch that drivers are remaining focused on the road. While the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver." This evidence shows that the more they are working on driverless cars, the more ways they are finding ways to make them more safe.

My last reason to why driverless cars are better than others are because they make the drivers more alert when driving. In the text it talks about how the driverless cars will not be completely driverless because there is still human control needed. In the text it says, " but the special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps a hold of the wheel." Also it says, " They can steer, accelerate and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situations requires." This evidence shows that the driver must be alert and focused, not slacking off and not paying attention.

In conclusion I think driverless cars are going to be a positive thing for people because they have been improving them over the years, they will be more safe, and they will help us become more alert when driving. 