When people ask for advice they go to many people, this can be incredibly beneficial to the person seeking advice. They can make a better choice by asking multiple people because they could get many different viewpoints and opinions. For instance when your trying to get a good grade on an essay, you'll most likely ask multiple people to give feedback on your essay. It can make a big difference on the grade you get if you ask multiple people for their opinions on your essay. People will most likely have different feedback to give you about it, but if you ask a ton of people, then some of them might have the same advice for you. Asking multiple people for advice can really help with making a great essay, but it can also help with something even as small as deciding what shoes to buy.

Back in 2017 I once asked multiple people for advice on what shoes to buy, I was torn between two shoes, Air Force Ones, and Jordan Ones. It was a tough decision, so I decided I would go ask my teacher about which shoe they thought I should get. My teacher told me that he preferred the Jordan Ones, but he advised me to get other peoples opinions so that I could make the best choice. I proceeded to gather my friends that also liked shoes, and the majority of them said that I should buy the Air Force Ones. I now knew which shoes I wanted to buy but I wasn't sure which color to get them in, so I asked my brother and my cousins which color I should get them in, they told me that I should get the white ones I was a little unsure at first because I was worried about how dirty they would get, but they eventually convinced me to buy the white ones. I'm glad that my teacher told me to ask people for advice, because it really helped me get a nice pair of shoes in a great color. This was another great example of how seeking advice from lots of people lead to a better choice, but it isn't the last another great example is when you need help deciding what extracurricular activity you want to participate in.

Choosing what extracurricular activities you want to do can be stressful, hard, and sometimes even an annoying process. You might end up in a situation where you want to choose an extracurricular activity because your friends are doing it while other times you'll want to do an extracurricular activity, but none of your friends are doing it. If this ever happens to you it'll be important to ask people for advice on what to do. It might be confusing though asking people for advice on what to do because your parents will most likely want you to do the one where you are actually enjoying the activity rather than doing something you're not enjoying just to hang out with your friends. Your friends will probably be telling you to do the activity with them rather than the one with none of your friends. This is a key reason why it can be stressful choosing an extracurricular activity. Since your friends and parents are all telling you to do something different you'll need to ask someone else for advice. These examples should show you why seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, whether it's as small as deciding what shoes to buy or as important as getting feedback on an essay it is always important to ask for more than just one person for an opinion on a topic.