Many students have expressed that projects should not be given over summer break. Students feel they should not have to do work during their summer break, Just as much as teachers shouldnt not have to grade papers over their summer break, If summer projects must be assigned they should be student-designed. Summer projects should be student-designed because the students would know how to complete the assignment, they would also find more interest, and more then likely the project would be completed with effort.

Over the summer most students are sent home with no instruction or contact availability. Students would attempt to do the assignment with no teacher guidance or help from others. With out the proper help the project could be completed wrong and completed with out any effort. When attempting to do my own summer project I stumbled into a problem and had no way to correct the problem, If summer projects were student made there are no excuses for not understanding how to complete the work.

Every student has a least favorite class, many would complain about a summer project from a boring or hard class. More students are likely to complete something that is more appealing to them personally. For example art is a more appealing subject to one, while someone else could be interested in history. Making your own project could be more intriguing which will make someone want to actually do the assignment they have created.

Majority of high school student do not complete their summer project. When a student completes the work it is more for the grade then personal gain. With the option to have students create their own projects brings creativity, interest, and effort. Many individuals put more effort into their own creations like art, putting more effort will cause more learning for the students personal gain, and the projects would be done nicely.

Many schools require summer projects to be completed. These projects would be more beneficial if students were able to create their own assignment. The idea of student designed projects are more beneficial because students would know how to complete the work, they would find more interest, and the project would be completed with more effort put into it. 