Why stride to hear others ideas?

What is so beneficial?

When asking for advice, seeking multiple opinions helps to make better choices.

It is helpful to hear from different people for many reasons, such as experience, personal backgrounds, and different personal views.

Over time, people will have experienced thousands of different problems, which can be helpful opinions to receive.

It is thought that traits like wisdom, earned over time, are more likely to give better advice.

My grandfather would always love to tell stories from his past about how he overcame his struggles, and at the time I didn't notice, he was telling me life lessons.

Although someone who is an older age might have experienced more struggle in their life, age doesn't always matter.

Simple things like not recommending an activity at a vacation spot, because you didn't enjoy the experience is helpful to hear. People with different backgrounds that came from different homes can carry important ideas as well.

Being born into different homes, and living with different families help to shape who a person is or their opinions.

Depending greatly on your family, you naturally pick up new knowledge just through sharing a living space, or spending time with them.

Having a larger family or family members that share their opinions with you, can open someone's personal spectrum.

But when some family may widen ones views, others can make them more limited.

Possibly not having two parental figures around at home, or being an only child may affect how someone sees the world or a topic.

Because there are endless opinions and outcomes in many situations, it is helpful to hear many views.

Like taking a survey, there could always be a majority answer, but opinions could also be split.

When trying to do something as little as buying a new product or brand, looking at many customer reviews can help you to see what other people thought of the product.

Reading their opinions, maybe different from your initial ones, you could realize that the product wasn't good for your use, or that your ideas are supported.

No people are the same, each with a little or a large range in common, leading to the use of multiple views.

Seeking others opinions widens how you might see a problem, thinking about things in new ways.

Hearing new or forgotten opinions from people with different views, different ages, and coming from different backgrounds, can all be morphed together to conclude your final opinion. Making it always the best decision to gather multiple opinions.         