Should students be required to do an extracurricular activity? I think they should be required to do an extracurricular activity, because there are many benefits. For example, it improves your physical and mental health, helps build new skills, helps keep grades up, and can benefit many people.

To begin, extracurricular activities are extremely good for your physical and mental health. If your extracurricular activity is a sport, it can improve your health and help you build muscle. An extracurricular activity prevents you from laying around and snacking on unhealthy foods. By doing an extracurricular activity, you will be occupied and will burn off lots of fat. Also, extracurricular activities will improve mental toughness by challenging you with extremely fun challenges.

Secondly, an extracurricular activity will help you build skills that you can use on a day to day basis. Doing an extracurricular activity requires you to interact with a lot of new people. By interacting with new people you will build lots of new social skills that will help change you from a shy person, to a kind outgoing person. Most extracurricular activities are only one hour a day. Since the activities have a short time to do everything, they will teach you how to manage your time and how to stay organized. Not only will you learn skills that will help you from a day to day basis, but some of the extracurricular activities will teach you skills that you can use to show off.

Also, an extracurricular activity will help students keep their grades up. Most extracurricular activities require kids to have good grades to participate. This is a very good motivation for students to keep their grades up. not only does an extracurricular activity motivate students to keep their grades up, but extracurricular activities help make you think harder. A report written by scientist Generic_Name, showed that 93% of students who participated in an extracurricular activity, reported that all of their grades went up by at least 5%.

Lastly, an extracurricular activity can benefit a lot of people. There are multiple extracurricular activities that donate money to the needy and the environment. By participating in an extracurricular activity you can help raise money for many causes. By raising money not only will you help the needy and the environment, but you will give yourself a big sense of accomplishment. Being in an extracurricular activity that raises money for people can help you later on in life as well. You can use it to get into nice colleges and to get a good job.

In conclusion, Students should be required to do one extracurricular activity. I think that students should be required to do one extracurricular activity because there is many benefits. Doing an extracurricular activity can improve your physical and mental health, helps build new skills, helps keep your grades up,and can benifit many people. Do you think students should be required to do an extracurricular activity?