Dear Principal,

I think that students should be able to participate in sports activities with a C average. The reason for that is because most students are C average students. It wouldn't be fair to them because a C isn't a bad grade. It would make them feel bad that they put in hard work and there not able to participate in school sports. It wouldn't be fair and students would get and cause a lot of problems.

I honestly think it wouldn't be fair to let students with a B average participate in school activities but not Students with a C average. There is no reason not to let students with a C average participate in school activities. I know getting a C isn't the best grade but its still an okay grade. Also students work hard to get the grade they have and not letting them join sports would make them feel like they don't try hard when they try there hardest.

If kids who are C average weren't able to be on school sports team then there wouldn't be a team because kids who are athletes are more likely to be C students. So there wouldn't really be any kids trying out for a team. That wouldn't be good for our school because it would take away fun for students. It would also take away our school spirit.

In my opinion i think it would be good to let students with C average participate in school activities. The reason for that is because like i said C isn't a bad grade. If students would get a D then that's a whole different story. But a C really isn't that bad. Sometimes the best student in class gets a C too. Also most of the good athletes are C students. It wouldn't be good for our school. It would give our school a bad name because people would think that we don't have that many smart students. That would give our school and teachers and bad name because their the ones teaching us and we wouldn't look all that smart because we would most likely have a C.

These are my reasons why i think students with C average should be able to participate in school sports. It would be better for our school and our students. Sports are the thing students love the most about school and it shouldn't be fair that we would take that from them. That's why i think C average students should participate in school sports.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME