"A penny for your thoughts, oh no, let's sell them for a dollar". Thees dutiful lyrics sum up in just a few simple words, how others thoughts are valued, and are truly worth something in the eyes of others. When making an important choice, it is croushall to get maltable opinions from your trusted pears. This is important because, not only do you get different points of view, but you also get things like different ways to execute your final disition and have a sens of accomplishment, along with learning from others past experiences.

It is extremely important to get meany points of view. The word perspective, means to see something with a new and an un-thought of point view on a topic or idea. When other people share there ideas with you or others, then that means that it is helping you whether you see it that way or not because you are seeing it differently. Perspective is one thing that we as humans have a had time with. The reason behind this is because we are very one direction minded, meaning we only like to think one way, and thats in our comfort zone.

Getting other peoples opinions will also give you other ways to execute your ideas or when you make a choice on something. Having different ways to comepleat something will allow you to get things dun sometimes faster and mabby even better. When make a good choice and you do it well, chances are, you will have a good seance of accomplishment. The better that you feel about your choice, the better the chances that it was the right or even just a good choice.

Also, its important to learn from other peoples mistakes. This is important because then you wont make the same ones that they might have made at another date or time. When you learn from others, you then have the knowing that they didn't when they were in your position and therefor you can make a better choice than they did. Youre your own person and fully capable of making your own dositions and your own mistakes. But learning from others will, in the long run, help you skip a few miss hap and allow you to do and be better than you could have been.

Over all, when you ask another person for advice, and you get other peoples perspectives, that is a good thing on many different levels. When people help you make a choice, whether it be big or small, you will always have the advantage of past experience, perspective, and the best way to carry out that choice.