When students first get out of school, the last thing they're thinking about is a summer project. Let alone an extremely difficult one designed by a teacher. Summer projects should be designed by students who've previously taken the class because it lifts a lot of weight off of the teachers' and students' shoulders, it will be a more effective learning process, and it can also make sure the students who previously took the class learned something.

If students designed summer projects it will be less work for the teachers and students. The teacher won't have to worry about how many questions it should be, what method is most effective, and just deal with all the stress it will bring in general. Teachers' jobs are already hard and stressful enough, they deserve a break and easier life just as much as we do. Although some may say it's apart of their job, teachers still deserve a little less work, especially if the work can easily be taken off of them. If students designed the summer projects it will ease the the minds of the students receiving those projects as well. Students who are making the projects already know how much stress can be endured while in school and taking hard classes, so they won't necessarily make the project easier but more manageable.

Students understand each other more than any teacher would. This is an advantage because students know how students learn and how much work is too much work. Since students know how other students learn, they can make the project a true learning experience. Most students who receive summer projects now will simply share the answers with their friends or search for them online. If students were to make the project, they know how to avoid these things and how to make it so that the students receiving the project can't cheat. Teachers may already know that other students cheat or share answers but there is not much they can do about it. Teachers also usually use the same summer project every year for quite some time. If students make them they will change every year, due to the fact that there are new students every year. Students also know when there is too much work and when there isn't enough. Teachers tend to overload because they feel students have the whole summer to work on this so all the work shouldn't be a problem. Realistically, no student is going to do homework everyday of their vacation and previous students understand that. With that being said, previous students will know how lengthy they should make this project and what to ask for from the students to test their knowledge but not overload them in work.

In conclusion, students should make summer projects because they understand better and can relate to other students better, they know what to expect from them, and it helps the teachers a lot. Students will ultimately learn better this way and won't be tempted to cheat because they wouldn't need to. Everyone benefits from having he students make the summer projects. Teachers have less work, students receiving the projects will learn enough while not stressing, and students making the summer project will test their knowledge and prove they learned while taking the class. How could anyone not choose this almost perfect way of learning ?