Dear senator,

Every one has a voice and they all want to be heard. The Electoral College is an unfair method of calculating votes for the population while voting for a president of the United States. States begin to feel like it is not worth it to vote because their vote could be neglected or it would not hardly count. Electing presidents by using popular vote gives states a better advantage at choosing their president because they know their vote is in and someone else will not be able to change their choice. Popular vote is when all the people are allowed to vote for the president and every vote counts because based on the amount of votes the president recieves from the people is who wins the election.

Electoral Colleges are when the people vote for the person they want to govern them and that vote goes to a person that could either decided to vote as the people choose, or vote for whom ever he feel should run. It lowers the peoples voices, they are unable to directly choose what they want because their choices could be changed. Electors don't have to vote infavor of the person you would like. The diffrence between the Electoral College and popular vote is that in the Electoral College their are electorrs that can choose to vote in favor of what we -the people- want if they agree with it. The elector doesn't have to choose what the people want. In popular voting, the whole population gets to choose who they want as president without worrying that their vote will be put aside. It makes sure that we -the people- get what we want. They could just change the vote and choose who they want to run as presidency. The Electoral College doe shelp the counting of the votes because there are only 538 voters; however, we are in a diffrent time where electrical machines can help calculate the total number of votes for a large population.

Citizens with the right to vote feel like it is not needed for them to vote because the have a low number of electors, while having a large number of population. It would benifit them if instead of having a certain number of electors that you have to "trust" and hope they vote for the candidate you are going for, they will be able to directly vote for them using the method of popular votes to chose the president. The citizens will know that their vote counts and that it can't be changed because they wont have electors voting for them.

Popular vote gives the citizens freedom and it helps to better calculate what the people want. The United States is a nation that is governed by the people and is runned based on what we want. It wouldnt make sense to deprive us from our voting rights. The constitution states that this goverment was created by the people, from the people, for the people and allowing us to vote by popular will help reinforce this because it will give us the freedom and liberty to choose as we -the people- want.    