Dear Principal,

I think that we should be able to bring our phones to school, because some of us may have sick family members or may be sick ourselves. If so then if we are to get sick at school then we may not have a way to contact our parents or legal guardians. or if one of our family members become ill then how will we know unless we are contacted by you or the secretary, and sometimes we just might like to know right very first. For example what if our Grandma had a heart attack and we had no way of knowing?? Or if we need to be some where after school and we can't get to the office phone before the school closes then we may need our phones.

But on the other hand I' am kind of against it myself because I have seem many school fights over kids who have cell phones and who don't. It's either the children with phones picking on the children without phones who are to "poor" maybe its just that their parents don't want them to have them. Or it's the children without cell phones picking on the "preps" for having phones or jumping them to get a-hold of their phones. Also most of the time if you tell a student that they are allowed to bring their phones to school they will more in likely turn them on while you are out of the room or even while your teaching. If you were to give them the privilege of using their phones during lunch and eight period what would that mean could we talk and text or just text? Because that may cause other students to slowly get louder and louder as the time grows on. Also by the meaning of using our phones during school do you mean that we are just allowed to talk and text or are we allowed to get on the internet? Listen to music off of our ring tones? You have to ask yourself this would it cause an even bigger disruption? Plus what are you meaning when you say free time when yall are done teaching?

So in all I would have to say that you should tell the students to leave their phones at home. If in case of an emergency then their parents could easily just call the school and have them get their students.

STUDENT_NAME      