Have you ever needed advice for something and went to your older sibling or one of your parents? Studies show that seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice. You should always ask more than one person for advice because the one person you ask may not know as much about the topic as someone else might. For example, if you ask your brother or sister for advice on how to pay taxes, they may not have as much wisdom as your mom and your dad do. On the other hand if you ask your mom or dad for advice on what brands are in style right now, she may not know as much as your brother or sister would. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because someone else might have more knowledge on the topic, they might not have as much wisdom as someone else, and they may be too old or too young for them to give you good advice.

The first reason why you should always ask more than one person for advice when seeking it is because someone else might have more knowledge on the topic. Say that you need to know how to do a math problem. If you go home and only ask your mom how to do it she might not be totally sure how to do it and you might get the problem wrong. Therefore you would be better of asking a few people in your math class how to do it. That is why you should ask people for advice that have knowledge on the topic.

The next reason why you should always ask more than one person for advice when seeking it is because they might not have as much wisdom as someone else. When you get older and need to know how to do taxes you should ask both of your parents not your siblings. Again if you ask your brother or sister for advice on how to pay taxes, they won't have as much wisdom as your mom and dad would. That is why you should ask people with wisdom if you need advice.

The final reason why you should ask more than one person for advice when seeking it is because they might be too old or too young to give you good advice. Going back to the clothing thing, if you need to know what brands are in style you shouldn't ask your parents because they might be too old to know. You also shouldn't ask your younger siblings because they may be too young to know. Therefore you should ask one of your older siblings or maybe even one of your friends. That is why you should ask people that are the appropriate age for advice.

Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because someone else might have more knowledge on the topic, they might not have as much wisdom as someone else, and they may be too old or too young for them to give you good advice. Those are all great reasons supporting why you should always seek multiple opinions when asking for advice. All of these things can help you make a better choice. That is why you should always seek multiple opinions when asking for advice.