Have you ever seen a movie about aliens? Those green, bug looking creatures with big eyes and laser guns. Now, have you ever heard of the "Face on Mars?" If you have, then this is going to explain to you why the Face is a natural landform and not some monument created by aliens.

When NASA first saw the "Face on Mars" they claimed they spotted what the text states, "the shadowy likeness of a human face." The image was found when they were snapping photos of possible landing sights for Viking 2, one of NASA's spacecrafts circling the region of the Red Planet called Cydonia. The passage later states, "But the sensation was short lived. Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia." The scientits even said it was just a landform. They stated that it has,"unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." The scientists are not saying it's a alien monument either. They are just saying people could petray it that way.

A few days after this discoery NASA unveiled the image. When they unveiled it there was a capiton under it reading, "huge rock formation." NASA said the formation resembles a head and was formed by shadows giving the illusion of the facial features. This just made the Face a publicity stunt for most people. This might be when most would believe that it is some sort of a alien monument. But then NASA passed over the Face again and this time took a phots much greater then the last.

On April 5, 1988, the Mars Global Surveyor flew over the "Face on Mars." They snapped picutres ten times sharper then before. The text states, "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site." Thouands waited for the photo and what the photos unveiled were the truth. The photos revelead a natural landform, not any alien monument. Some people still believed that the structure was still an alien monument. But NASA learned that not all will believe.

All this evidence is just showing you that it is a natural landform. They have coordinates of this landform. They have amazing pictures just showing you that this is real. Even scientists examining the photos and showing exactly how what it is. What is it you must ask? It's a landform. NASA knew not all would believe but it made no sense to them. They supply so much evidence but still some just don't believe. The "Face on Mars" resembles a human head but shadows give it the illusion of a face.

In conclusion, the 'Face on Mars' is nothing more then a natural landform. We have photo proof of the Face along with scientists examining it and telling all who do not believe what it is. The Face is a natural landform. I have given you all the evidence. I have showed you that it's a natural landform. The only question is, do you believe it is?