When you are having a hard time making a decision, you often go to your friends or family to give you advice on what to do. When you seek more then one person for advice, you are getting different opinions and different answers to the question you have. It is always a good idea to ask more then one person, because you never know what the person has gone through and what type of advice they will tell you. You may be wondering, what is the point of asking advice if all you are going to get is different answers to your one problem. When you ask more then one person for advice, you are going to get different answers out of all of them because, they may have more experience in life then you, they understand you better, or they just know what you are going through.

When asking someone older then you for advice, you may get solutions that you could ever think of. The reason for this is because, they've been alive longer then you. They know how life works and how to find solutions out of nowhere. People older then you often give the best advice or opinion because, they've been your age and know who to get pass what you are trying to get pass. That's why people often say parents give out the best advice. So next time your arguing with your parents just remember that they are probably right, because they've done it themselves already, and they are the people that care about you the most.

Some of the best advice you can get is from someone who has been in your shoes and knows how to handle it. This doesn't nessicerly mean that person has to be older then you, your friend could've gone through the same thing that you are going through right now. That is why getting the advice from a friend, that has already done what you are trying to get done, is one of the best. They don't only know what you are going through, they are also around the same age as you. Getting advice from one of your friends that is around your age is probably the best feeling you could get while getting advice because, you know they have been through it and if they can do it, you know you can do it too.

You could ask a million people for advice and everyone would give you different advice and opinions. But when you ask the person who has just gone through it, they will not only give some of the best advice, they will also giver you some of the most useful advice. The people that know what you are going through are going to want to help you the most. They will tell you ways that they have gone through the problem, what advice they got, and what and what not works. If you are seeking advice to get out of something like depression, suicide, etc., the people who have been through it themselves know how hard it can get, and they know what type of advice is the most helpful for what you are dealing with.

The best thing that you can do when looking for advice is asking multiple people. Whether they are older then you, understand you, or even know what you are going through, they all with give slightly different advice. When asking multiple people you are getting different views of the problem that you are trying to solve. Everyone came up in a different background and have dealt with things of their own. That's why people will give you different advice, because they have been through different things. Getting all these different opinions and advice from so many different people can only make you better and get through the problem even faster. Next time you are looking for advice from someone, make sure that you ask many different people with different backgrounds, so you can make the best decision you can make.  