Risk taking has been a huge part in our world's history. If we didn't take risks, nothing would progress and we wouldn't advance anymore as humans after the we had what we needed for survival. In fact, we might not even have what it takes to survive. Exploration will always be a large part in taking risks and it there will always be something mroe for us to explore, it's inevitable. Venus is not any different than what we have ever gone through. Are there challenges? Sure. Are there ways to go around those challenges? Always. There are so many interesting parts about Venus that we have yet to explore. Signs of natural resources can show that there could have been life and could possibly become a crutial part of Earth and its inhabitants, being the neighbor planet.

Venus is one of the closer planets to Earth along with Mercury. Though it is hard to explore due to its conditions, Venus has a lot of similar features as Earth. With valleys, mountains, and craters, Venus has increased many peoples interests with its mysterious layers and what was shown to come before space exploration. This would create a large impact on humans around the world, not just knowing by knowing that we conquered a great quest to recieve more information and useful data, but by creating an idea that no matter what comes your way, you can overcome it and go above and beyond other peoples expectations. The dangers of Venus is just an obstical over the pot of gold. Exploring Venus would change the world and just might save us if we're ever in that time of need, never say never.

On the contrary, Venus does have large setbacks that could hold us back from doing so. Like the planets surface temperature, 800 degrees fahrenheit is a lot higher than any human can handle, along with 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets that create the atmosphere for the planet. Although these conditions would be harsh, humans could survive with the correct equipment and strong motivation. Just like during any new accomplishments, you have to be patient. Nothing will come to you if you try to rush the process, but if you are patiently waiting and working hard, it could lead to a greater impact. Technological advancments will also play an unbeliveably large part it what makes this possible. Without advancements, nothing new will get created and we won't be able to reach the surface or get any closer than we have today.

In conclusion, the best way to get to know something better is to get to the surface or maybe even below the surface. You won't truly know anything more unless you create a path to. In order to create beneficial to this Earth, you have to take risks, put yourself out there and do it. It won't get done itself and if you aren't going to, then who will? Venus and its conditions is just an obsitcal leading to something great and innovative. 