Dear state senator,

It has come to my attention that there has been some debate on whether or not our nation should continue to use the Electoral College to elect our presidents. Despite the claims that this method is outdated and unfair, I believe that we should keep it in use. The presidental election is held every 4 years and has addressed all issues that may occur.

One such concern would be if a candidate won the popular vote but did not win the presidency as shown here " This year voters can expect another close election in which the popular vote winner could again lose the presidency."(source 2). This does seem rather odd considering the seemigly non-democratic nature of this process however, there is a explanation for this. When a person votes for a candidate using the Electoral College, they are actually voting for a slate of electors who in turn vote for a nominee. The reasoning behind this is that a larger state such as California, has a much larger population that a smaller state such as Utah. If we were to chose by popular vote, California would have a very unfair advantage over Utah. While some might then say that the system is still very biased, no one group has any advantage over another as shown here, "All are practical reasons, not liberal or conservative reasons." (source 3).

Another concern was what the outcome would be if both candidates had equal votes. This problem can again be solved by using the Electoral College. While this is very rare it can also lead to pressure for a run-off election which would make the election process extremely difficult. Electoral College is an efficient producer of an obvious winner. If you still do not believe that the Electoral College is truly "fair", we have even allowed Columbia to vote as shown here, "Under the 23rd Amendment of the Constitution, the District of Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes of the Electoral College." (source 1). To close off, I would greatly appreciate if you would consider this letter.

Sincerely, A student    