Someone finds themselves in a predicament , they ask themselves,"what do I do?" This is the life of an Imaginary character named Toby Determined. After getting bullied for weeks, Toby's had enough. He goes to consult his dilemma with his good friends Andrea, and Alex. Toby also consult's with multiple other people about his problem. The reason behind this is, he thinks more people will have more ideas, It would help his confidence, and it's always nice to have people looking out for you.

Many people find themselves seeking out advice on a day to day basis. Be it for that assignment you forgot to turn in, or that one sock that you just can't find no matter how hard you look. It's in the human nature to seek advice, or consulting on something they can't figure out. And sometimes people talk to more than one person about there problem. Cause, when someone's in a complex situation, multiple outlooks on it could be applauded. If multiple people are saying the same thing as the last, there is a higher chance of it being the right thing to do. In a way, it's like fact checking.

Some times people when seeking out advice, aren't exactly looking for a solution to there problem. But are looking for closure. Maybe there nervous about there upcoming test, or concert. And just want a helping hand that believes in them, there isn't much better for confidence than a group of people that believe in you. Another reason one might seek out advice from multiple people, may be to have more people looking out for you. Let's say you're getting bullied, It might be good to know you have friends who got you're back.

There are multiple reason's for getting advice from multiple people, from looking for more view points on a topic, or maybe just seeking attention. You could be trying to gain more confidence, or just want to know people are looking out for you. All reasons are fine, as long as people are willing to listen. People look for advice for there lowest lows, or there highest highs. And I don't think anything will change that. Now let's just hope are resident imaginary character, Toby Determined can solve his own problem.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          