There are billions of people in this world and everyone learns differently. Normally, students will take their classes in person at a public or private school. Distant learning should be another method of education that students are allowed to try out. This allows students to learn the same topics anyone else would but with the luxury of being at home. Distant learning would be beneficial because it can provide students a way to learn responsibility,allow them to learn at their own style, and provides safety.

Firstly, by providing distant learning students are able to establish important life skills such as responsibility. This program will allow students to take responsibility on their own by getting their work done. This means the students will have to establish their time management skills so that they complete all of their lessons,quizzes,tests and homework on their own. This is an essential life skill because in the real world no one will be holding their hand or checking up on them to make sure they do what their supposed to. This is great because students can become self motivated to get their stuff done and do this all in their own style.

Secondly, distant learning allows students to learn at their own style. This means students will have the liberty to work at their own pace and use their own methods. There are plenty of different kinds of learners and everyone learns material at different paces. Some people learn material quickly whereas others need more time to fully understand the material. Students will also be able to use the internet to find methods that work best for them. For example, one student can find the general way math is taught easier and others are able to find new ways to learn math that work best for them. This way students can learn however works best for them but still be able to understand and get through all the same material everyone else does.

Lastly, being able to learn from home provides safety to the students. Nowadays there are many concerns from parents about their children going to school because of school shooting,fires, and many other circumstances. By students being able to get their education at home, this brings reassurance to parents that their children will be safe. This also allows parents to make sure their children are being fed good food and are provided with all the resources they need. The students being at home lifts a weight off parents shoulders and eliminates their fear of their child being in any kind of danger.

In conclusion, distant learning should be allowed as an option for students to take. Although, some may say that students need a teacher for guidance but students shouldn't depend on one because their won't always be someone there to guide them. Distant learning builds essential skills such as responsibility that is needed in the real world. It also provides a safe environment for students to learn in and gives parents a sense of relief about their safety. Finally, distant learning gives all different types of people a way to learn that is unique to them because everyone is different and everyone deserves a right to seek education. 