Cars make it exceptionally easy to travel and move around. Auto use permets an individual to go to places they have not been before. In Europe, the countries that share the Schengen space allow Europeans to move freely. To avoid pricy plane and train tickets, a lot of Europeans use their cars to go to an entirely different country and experience a variety of different cultures in a matter of hours. It is most certainly a priviledge. Despite the many pros of having a car, the cons outweight them. Throughout this essay I will explain the advantages of limiting car usage.

In many countries and cities car usage has dropped. Some countries,it is purely accidental or due to economic reasons and in some cities and countries, this decline is intended. In a city called Vauban in Germany, citizens have given up their cars. In this city,street parking,driveways and garages are more often than not forbidden. This may seem strange to  not have the priviledge to own a car or  a garage. But most of the residents have moved out from the city to live here. Heidrun Walter claims that she is much happier this way and before she was always tense.70% of the Vauban's family do not own a car, and 57% sold their cars to live in Vauban. This particular city is a mere example of a growing trend in Europe,the United States and various other country. The plan is to seperate suburban life from auto use;this movement is called "smart planning".

In opposition, to these efforts, automobiles are usually an important factor to the suburbs where usually middle-class people live. This causes a huge impediment to current efforts to significally reduce greenhous gas emissions from passenger cars. In Europe,passenger cars are the reason for the 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions; in the United states that number almost quadriples in size in some car-intensive areas. The approach is to make suburbs more compact rather than having malls on the border on distant highways.

Due to smog and pollution to this global city's air, Paris enforced a driving ban to put an end to polution. 4,000 drivers were rightfully so fined that day. This issue had to be taken seriously for a greater cause. For example, for the smog levels to decrease and to purify the air in the cities and suburbs and to prevent pollution. Public transit was free for those five days that the ban was enforced. Congestion dropped 60% in Paris, ever since the driving ban. The smog rivaled Beijing, which is often known for being one of the most polluted cities in the world. Diesel fuel was blamed because of a tax policy  in  favor of diesel fuel in France. More than half of vehicles run on diesel fuel in France.

In the Colombia's capital, Bogota, many colombians hiked,skated or took buses to work in spirit of their car free day. Personally I think this was an extravagent idea. It teaches people to not be so dependent on cars. This day significantly reduced traffic jams,smog and promoted transportation. This was a wonderful oppurtunity to lower stress and air pollution at the same time! Parks and sports bloomed that day, sidewalks that were unfinished and in poor conditions were replaced,the traffic decreased and restaurants blossemed. This car free day had an amazing impact on  this community and the world.

Due to recents studies, Americans are driving less  and buying few cars as the years go by. The miles driven have peaked in 2005 , but as of April 2013, the number of miles driven per person dropped 9% , and was equal to the percentage in Janurary 1995. Scientist state that this decline is beneficial for carbon emissions and the enviroment. Although this might affect dearly the car industries. The rise of cellphones,internet and apps this permits a more flexible way of making commuting arangements,and the evolution of vans services.

A lot of people have been using public transportation and biking to get around. There has been a drop from 16-39 year olds in getting their license. Getting license is not as big as of priority for those people. They revolve their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or take busses and trains or car-pool with friends.

To conclude, I strongly believe that limiting car use would benefit different aspects in peoples lives. But for people to give up using cars,the recontruction of suburban cities is a very important. I live in the suburbs and despite the houses around, you would need a car to go to the grocery store,restaurant and to have fun with your friends. Highways usually circle around suburban cities and that  may cause congestion. To make car usage less of a priority for citizens, we would have to think of the greater cause and to restablish cities to not prohibit people from moving around. The decline in car use will improve the world for the generations to come.    