The whole point of a summer project is to keep students engaged and learning throughout their break. Since this is the case, the only plausible option is for it to be teacher designed. The major opposing claim is that most students need opportunities to be creative, but it is entirely based off the false assumption that most students would even have the focus and determination to make up a project like this all on their own.

For the project to be an efficient learning experience, it would have to be formed by someone with experience desiging assignments that teach students material. Teachers obtain degrees and years of experience related to this exact field. A teacher's sole job is to teach students material, so that would give them proper experience to design such a project. A student does not possess this same material or merit, so they are unable to properly form an assignment for themselves that properly educates them, such as a teacher's assignments.

From previous experience, Students have no source of drive, from which to gain inspiration from. Studies show that most students will not do homework if it is not required. Taking this into account, it can be deduced that students already lack that motivation and drive to do homework and that they care little about learning from the information, so making them design their own assignments is a steep request. The majority of students already despise homework, so how is making them design their OWN homework going to help the case?

A popular proposition from the opposing side would be that students need certain opportunities to be creative, I disagree. Studies show that a majority of students cheat and/or recieve answers from other students regarding to homework outside of the classroom. With this in mind, it can be said that if a summer project such as this was designed by students, most of them would not even complete the projects by themselves, rather take the ideas and answers from others.

While students are constantly learning throughout the school year, requiring them to design their own summer project would have no purpose. They do not have the motivation, merit or experience to even make something that would properly allow them to learn over these months. Teachers have the experience, education, and merit to design such a project that would properly and efficiently continue to keep students learning over the summer break.                    