The Electoral colleg is a process in which the electors from the state pick the cannidate they want according to who has the popular vote. Which can also be a very biased process. The Electoral College is not registered or monitered enough because if an elector from the state wanted to pick who they want to win they could and there isn't really anything to stop them from doing so.

We the people should do away with the Electoral College and instead switch to a more regulated system like majority voting. whichever cannidate that gets the most votes from the U.S. takes the win. that way we wouldnt have to worry about our electors for the states being sneaky because there wont be any electors. State legislature is responsible for picking the electors and the electors sometimes defy the will of the people and cast the vote for who they want to win just like when Richard Nixon only validated his opponets electors in 1960. The Electoral College would be a more just way of voting if the electors were well monitored and if every state shared the same weight in the vote but unfortunatley, it's not like that so it needs to be done away with.

The Electoral College is a unrestricted and very poorly regulated process, and it is a very unfair process. Because of the winner-take-all system. In 1968, if 41,971 voters voted a diffrent way the election would have been deadlocked. In 1976, if roughkly 5,500 voters in Ohio and about 3,600 voters in Hawaii had voted for a diffrent person the election would have been a tie. And usually the bigger states are the only ones to actually see their cannidates because the cannidates dont neccesarily visit states with very few electoral votes because they wont help them as much instead, they visit the "swing states", the states that have a bigger weight in the presidential election.

However, on the other side the people that want to keep it are the ones that look at the few good things not the bad things. Of those helpful things that comes with the electoral college is it majorly decreases the chance of a run-off election in which no cannidate receives a majority of the votes cast. The Electoral college also puts out a certainty of outcome because there is less likely to be a dispute over the outcome in a popular vote then a dispute over an Electoral College vote.

Of course, in life there is always at least some good in things like the Electoral College but in this situation is does more harm then good. It is an overall unfair process because some states are less noticed because of how few electoral votes they hold and also because of the electors not being monitered on the vote they cast for their state. The Electoral College should be doen away with and as a united country we shall adopt a more fair, equal , and all together well monitered system of voting.    