Car, bikes, walking and such are many forms of transportation. Cars are the main favorite overall. But as time continues we see that the drastic need for cars is growing smaller and smaller because we are now seeing the bigger picture; limiting car usage is a bigger plus than a negative.

In Vauban,German the surburb is going "car-free". Rosenthal speaks about how Vauban allows cars but there are only two locations where they may park these cars. If you want to park your car you must buy a space for $40,000, and a home along with your parking space. Due to these facts 70% of Vauban families do not own a car. An advantage of this limited car usage is that people like Heidrum Walter speak about how she is much happier and less tense without her car.

Vauban is in an area that is more accesible to public transportation and closer to stores.  The closeness allows people easier accessablity to buses, or walking and biking places.  With everything close its easier to get to point A to B. Also reduces pollution and greenhouse gases due to the fact they aren't using cars to get to there locations.

In Source 2 Duffer, speaks about how in Paris bans are being placed against the usage against cars, due to the fact Paris has a high level of smog. Paris had motorists with even-numbered license plates on Mondays leave there cars home or suffer a fine. On Tuesday motorists with odd-numbered license plates were to leave cars home or suffer a fine. The advantage of this ban is that having so many people leave there cars home on Monday allowed the smog to clear enough that the ban for Tuesday was rescind. If Paris were to do this ban for a couple of years there smog issue would be completely gone. This would be a major advantage for them, it would give them less pollution, not as many people getting sick due to the smog, and a less car dependent city.

An event was created in Bogota, Colombia called A Day Without Cars. Which was to have people go car-free for a day. Colombians used many other transportations such as biking, buses, and hiking. This event allowed smog to be reduced due to the fact Colombians could not use a car this day or be fined. Also this event helped spark other areas want to pertake in this event. This was a huge advantage having many other places join A Day Without Cars; this meant more areas helping reduce smog and helping many more areas become aware of the fact cars dont have to be the only form of transportation people use.

All in all if areas become less car dependent, there shall be less smog, pollutions and lastly people wont have to travel as far due to the fact everything will be closer. The smaller amount of cars we have, the more positive outcomes.             