Imagine having an activity to do other than school, like sports or working on the yearbook. Our principal is encouraging us to have an extracurricular activity to do to boost ourselves! I think it's a great idea to have students work while having fun. There are many advantages for doing an extracurricular activity. For example, students will have more exercise, which is great for the body, a club can boost creative minds and students are able to get along with each other more.

Joining a school sport is a great way to get exercise and learn new skills. Doing a sport in school not only gives us kids something to do with our life, but makes us a better teammate and a leader. When I first heard about a new softball team in school, I was so excited to try out and play for the team. I only had a few friends on the team, but by the end of the season, I had made new friends and I learned new skills. Leadership is very important for someone to learn. It teaches the person that not everything is about them and that sometimes, you have to take one for the team. If someone makes a mistake, don't put them down for it, encourage or teach them how to be successful next time. Sports in school is a great way to learn new skills and be healthy.

Doing something creative is a great way to be competitive and entertained. Having art clubs or working in the yearbook can be really fun! Some of my friends work in the yearbook and they have so much fun while taking pictures and creating a great collage. Everyone just haves a good time. Also, participating in art clubs can really boost someone's creative mind. Kids get to create their own masterpieces and show it off to everyone! Students will get to observe and examine their competitors art work to get ideas or to just admire it. Doing something creative is good for the mind and soul.

Lastly, There are a lot of social aspects to these activities. Imagine being in a student council where you can talk about requests and complaints to make the school a better place for students like you and I. Other students can vote for each other to be in the council and it'll cause some competition, but it's good that students can talk to each other. Joining a sport or a club of any kind can be really positive for the child. They can make new friends with the same interests and gain their confidence in what they do. Having a social life in school is important.

Our principal wants us to join extracurricular activities and I think it's a great idea! It can teach new leadership skills, boost creativity, and of course, being more social and making new friends. Having an activity to do is a great way to have fun. 