Cell Phones are a very controversial problem with today's society. Cell phones cause damage with our eyes and put our bodies at risk. Driving is already dangerous and many people die almost every day from car crashes, or car malfunctions. So adding a mobile device that already has so many disadvantages and makes your health worse, is just bad. Cell phones on an average can bring soreness of eyes, and blurred vision, and headaches. If that's not enough you can even get a type of an eye cancer.

Using Cell Phones are very dangerous and can cause serious issues while putting it with Driving. Drivers should be off their phone while operating a vehicle as such, no matter if it's a car, a truck, or a motorcycle, no driver should.

There are three reasons as to why I think drivers should not use a cell phone while driving but the first one is for the drivers' safety themselves. The drivers' safety is the most important. "Distracted Drivers", which means they are doing something else while not paying attention to the road, is one of the main causes of the accidents. 27% percent of adults admit to texting while driving, according to esurance. com, 24% percent Of fatal car crashes are adults are aged 30 to 39 were also involved with cell phone use. What I'm referring to this information for is because adults are supposed to be, or at least traditionally the responsible ones. You would think that they would put the phone down but no they text and drive or even talk on the phone while driving.

Which is putting their life at risk. If you are driving you are handling an over 40 ton machine which has a lot of speed on it, even for a truck. So when you add additional stuff like a text, which can wait until u get home or at a stop you'd rather, get yourself killed and most likely others. You're basically, if it's a fatal car crash then, killing yourself which is suicide.

You're taking yourself away from your family which is not right.

My next point is that you're not only taking yourself, but additionally your taking someone else away from their family. Which is murder, and murder is really bad especially if you live the car crash and you are the one who was on their phone, YOU will be sentenced to life in prison or maybe even worse just because YOU couldn't put the phone down. According to edgarsnyder. com, 390,000 injuries occur each year, just from using cellular devices while driving.

But this is the more disturbing fact, 11 teens are killed EVERY single day in the United States. That's a scary number and considering those are not just from people texting and driving but the innocent are killed. This is basically proof that cell phones are killing machines and should be inaccessible while operating a motor vehicle. Just imagine irresponsibly texting on your phone and not thinking of the safety of others. Then BOOM, you have just killed young boy or girl in their late teens driving home from a job or restaurant and whom may have had more people in their car.

Then the person parents have to hear that their child was killed due to your irresponsibility. It's just really sickening and depressing.

The third and final reason as to why cell phone use should not be allowed while driving is because it's just costly. Georgia passed the law on June 1st 2018. The fine will be 50$ and it will be doubled your second offense, according to USA Today's Article on the new founded law. Distracted driving is a main problem in today world. It has come to a certain point in today's America to where WE as a people need a law on not using our cellular devices. It should already be put in your mind after so many lives of young teens and adults' lives have been lost. But that's not good that you have to pay a fine and on top of that if you get caught in an accident, you will have to either be sued by the victim of the car crash or you will have to pay for expense on your car insurance. As an adult especially paying your bills and having to deal with a fine of $50. That is just unnecessary. According to CreditDonkey. com The average an adult spends money on groceries is $400. $400 is an absurd number for groceries, so just imagine getting sued and paying a fine and even on top of that paying car insurance. You my friend have just dug yourself in a huge hole that is going to take a while on.

To conclude, Using your cell phone is and should be banned and illegal. It is a hazard to others and should be taken with seriousness. You are not only putting yourself at risk but many others. Everyone knows that your phone is an addiction and it is just something we do off impulse but that is no excuse. Train your brain to say no and put the phone down. The text or phone call is not nearly as important as driving on the road is and I hope people will start to realize the importance of this topic and will consider it in their own lives, Will You?                                           