I was stuck in between two decisions, live with my mom or live with my dad. I could ask for help, but would it make a difference if I didn't feel happy about it? Asking friends could lead to fights, and if I asked parents and step parents they would probably make it some emotional lesson. I decided to ask my uncle, Generic_Name, who could relate to me on many occasions. He said that it was up to me but he thought I would be happier at my dads house. It wasn't enough only being one person, so I went to my aunt, Generic_Name, who said my mom needed me more. I needed tie breaker. My last resort was my brother, Generic_Name. Although he was not close to me at all, he was honest with me and said that I should stay with my dad. He said that if I wanted to be mentally stable and not have my clothes carry the stench of smoke form cigarettes, dad was the right option.

They weren't all the same option but it was easier than me and one other person deciding. Because I got more than one persons opinion, I went down the right path.

I think asking advice from more than one person and seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice.

Making a decision by yourself or with only one other person's opinion, can be damaging to the mind. If you are trying to make a decision and make a right choice, you are most likely always thinking about it. It always being on your mind leads to distress and you just made a one track mind. Your mind is not meant to only think of one subject, it needs to constantly be running with new ideas and thoughts. Your creativity relies on parts of your brain. You will, literally, go brain dead. School takes on a lot of thinking, but we have multiple subjects. Having multiple subjects means that your mind is switching between them and not on just one. You are supposed to challenge your brain, and you are supposed to let it win, not defeat it.

Another reason you should get more than one persons opinion is that the one person you choose could be manipulating you. If you ask for their opinion and they can see physically that your stressed, they will take advantage of that. They will take advantage of you by choosing the decision they want and not think of you. They have the high ground over you and you are willing to stay down.

It will benefit them, but have no effect, positive or negative, on you. It does not matter if your the one who brought it up, they are the stronger one because you are controlling your own mind into thinking that's okay. You can't fool your bodies actions but you can fool your mind into what ever you want it to be.

The last reason you should get more people's opinions is that you have someone to talk to. When you are in the decision making mindset, you are not aware of your surroundings. You are being held down by the stress that is being a burden to you. Your brain is feeling heavy and you are feeling wary. When you sit down with someone, you can set the burden down. You now are in the mindset of getting help from people. They will share their opinions, and then you move on to another. You don't even have to know that person, and the problem does't even have to be that big. Listening to their own opinions can help your own. Visually, physically, listening, you can find anyone's opinion.

Those are some of my reasons why getting opinions from other people can help someone make a better choice. People think that using your brain for a one act thing is okay. It's damaging to your thoughts and to your creativity. Once you get into the one set mind, it's very difficult to get out of it. People manipulating you is also not okay. You have the question, you ask it, you control it. Don't let anyone else control it. And lastly, talking to someone is essential to make the best decision. Why have all that stress on your back while you can just take it off. You have control over your brain, so don't ruin it.               