Dear Principal,

I feel that the first cell phone policy is the superior choice. While cell phones are a distraction in the class room, not giving students the right to use them in off-periods and time not in class would encourage student to use them in class, which is distracting, the issue we are trying to avoid in the first place.

While a strict "no phone in school" policy does seem like the right choice at first, lets consider the cons of this policy.

1. It is practically impossible to watch every student in the classroom for discrete texting, but other students may still be distracted by it.

2. If students get no time to use their cell phones, they will still want to use them at school, and therefore use them at inconvenient times, such as during class.

3. It would take precious time out of class to correct a student every time that student is caught with his or her phone out. This would not only be distracting to other students, but take away time that teacher could be helping another student.

Now lets look at the pros of the first policy, shall we?

1. Students will be able to connect with there friends via mobile device during appropriate times, therefore reducing the urge to use them during class or other inappropriate times.

2. Students will feel as if they are being given more freedom a school, therefore raising morale among students.

3. I feel the main reason that phones are banned in class is because they represent a significant and obvious distraction and disrupted learning environment; but during lunch and off periods, there is no learning environment to disturb.

4. Not being able to connect with their friends would also urge students to talk during class more, creating an even more obvious distraction for students.

As you can see, there is only good things to be said about the second policy. And while a strict "no phone in school" would seen to be the more obvious choice, as one looks closer, it truly isn't.

Thank you for taking the time to read my letter, I hope you make the right choice, and abolish the "no phone in school" policy. Only good things with come of allowing students to use their phones in school.