Most people think that trusting their instinct or quick thoughts are reliable ways to answer even the easiest questions, but that's not always the case. "Ask 3 before me" Is what teachers would say in school. This would mean that asking other people gives a better result. Asking for multiple opinions helps people make better choices because the person may be smarter, a chance for the person asking to learn, and if more people are asked then a result would be a more diverse set of answers.

A person never knows how smart the person they're asking for an opinion is. For all they know the person they are asking might not even be as smart as the person asking. But chances are that if the person asking got a good and reliable answer, the person they asked is smarter than the person asking. This, of course, is not always the case for all circumstances where a person needs multiple opinions. It would make sense to believe that the smarter person would have a more reliable opinion in the subject.

Asking for more than one opinion gives someone a chance to learn about the subject. For an example, say a person went up to a classmate and asked them for the due date of the math homework. That person was given the wrong date. So the person goes up another classmate and gets their opinion but this time it was right. Something like that happens in everyday life, where you are given a chance to learn through asking for help from other people. If a person doesn't know something they can just ask for help, it's as simple as that and we have all been using it since we learned how to speak. As a result of this the person is given options, since they now know about the subject.

If more people are asked then results would be more diverse. When a person asks only one person for their opinion they get one possibly unreliable answer. If 3 or more people are asked for their opinion then an outcome is the answer that most people gave. When a person is given multiple answers, they have options to choose from. When the person asking learns from the answers given to them then they would see the choice that seems right to them. As stated in the last paragraph, the more answers you get, the more you learn and thats why asking multiple people would be someone's best bet when seeking for answers.

In conclusion asking for multiple opinions helps people make better choices because the person someone is asking can be a lot smarter than the person asking, asking for opinions gives people a chance to learn, diverse answers are given if more people are asked for their opinion. A better result is given when more people are asked.