Today there are programs like NASA that are always looking for ways to explore our planets next to us. We have already sent probes and rockets to mars for exploration, but in over 30 years we havent sent one space craft to Venus, despite it being called "Earth's twin" Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of size and density, but it is the one of the most inhospitable planets that humans can step on. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author supports his idea well by explaining the benefits of exploreing Venus despite it being so cruel for humans to walk on.

In pargraph three the author quotes that, "almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus, surface temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater then what we experence on Earth." The author first explains the inhospitably of Venus to then explain that when we adapt to the conditions there are plenty of benefits and knowledge to gain from the planet. In pargraph four the author quotes that "Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth." The author explains us the value of exploreing Venus to include the fact that there could be life forms we have never saw before that have lived only on Venus. Comeing back to how the author supports his idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it offers.

In pargraph five the author explains ideas NASA has that could eventually take us and machines to Venus. he quotes that, "a vehicle hovering over Venus would advoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out of their way."

The author adds the quote in beacuse he wants to reinforce the idea that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it offers. But he also looks at the downsides to hovering

30 miles above the landscape, citeing that from souch a high distance light cannot penetrate the dense atomsphere and that researchers can't take samples of rock, gas, or anthing else, from a distance. The author supports his evidence by looking at bolth sides of the problem and offering possible solutions to them.

He contunes in pargraph seven citeing other NASA approaches to haveing machines last longer on the surface of Venus. That if by useing mechanical computers and simplifyed electronics made of silicon carbide they can withstand the heat alot longer. In comparson to todays modern electronics which don't use gears and levers that can be built to withstand heat. The author cites this beacuse he wants the reader to know NASA is thinking of possible ideas of sending a durable machine to Venus, to withstand the chaos of the surface and send data back to people on Earth.

In "The Challenge of Exploreing Venus," the author supports his idea well that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. He first explains what the dangers are like. Then explains all the benefits of exploreing Venus. Lastly he explains ideas on how to overcome the challenges to send people and machines to gather data about Venus. In conclusion the author wants the reader to know the benefits of exploreing Venus are greater than the challenges and dangers on the surface of Venus.