By having the option to take online classes outside of school, students would be able to benefit academically. There's a lot of actions that happen inside of school that might overwhelm some kids; by having classes that exist online, kids can get the education that they need without having to deal with unwanted distractions. One of my friends takes an online program from home due to having a mental disability. Another kid I know takes classes online because of the problems he has at home and how it effects him in social situations.

Generic_Name has a hard time interacting with a lot of people due to having autism. Generic_Name originally tried public school, but his mother took him out of it because she knew that he couldn't handle it. With the help from his mom, he now takes an online program so that he doesn't have to go through the difficulties of public school. Many kids like Generic_Name exist, but not all of them have the same opportunity that he does. By having online classes, people with mental disabilities can achieve a better education.

This year, Generic_Name dropped out of school so that he could take online classes. Generic_Name has dealt with social problems that originated from his semi-abusive mother; because of this, he acts out in social situations. An example of how he acts out is that he constantly lies. Due to him acting out, Generic_Name has found trouble and a lot of social distractions. As of then, it was clear that public school wasn't the right choice for him, so he decided to take another route. He now takes online classes, and he feels that it's a better fit for him. If schools provided online classes, kids like Generic_Name could spend more time resolving their personal problems.

However, public schools provide a more precise education. Online classes don't have the same human interaction as public schools. Through on demand human interaction, kids in public schools can get a more in-depth education. Furthermore, In schools, kids can learn topics that they might not be able to learn from online classes. A sizable majority of my friends take theater, in theater they act out different plays which is not achievable through online classes. Through public schools, kids can have human interaction and a bigger selection of electives to choose from.

More schools need to provide online classes. There's a lot of kids with mental disabilities and personal problems. These kids with problems can't succeed in public schools due to their situation. Through online classes, kids like Generic_Name and Generic_Name can achieve academically. 