When facing a difficult decision, it is important to get many different opinions on the subject. What sports teams to try out for, what classes to take, and where to go to college are all big decisions in a person's life. Getting multiple peoples' responses will help with decision making by seeing the issue from other viewpoints, avoiding mistakes that have already been made, and reaching the most unbiased consensus.

To one person, a choice can sometimes seem only black and white, however getting advice from others can change this. Each person who is asked will have different experiences and biases affecting the advice they will give. People also play different roles in society, and those roles yield other viewpoints that would not have otherwise been considered. Discussing decisions with peers will bring more sides to an issue, and, in turn, help the person make a more informed choice.

Along with adding viewpoints, avoiding mistakes that have already been made will be achieved by talking with others. Some may have faced similar problems and can share the positives and negatives of each side. Along with this, personal experiences may show one decision will have many other consequences that were not previously taken into account. After reaching a final decision, the choice made will have less unpredicted side effects and it will avoid bad decisions that have been made by others in the past.

As well as seeing topics from other sides and avoiding similar mistakes, discussing choices with friends will produce the least biased decision. Each person asked will have a different opinion and bias on a subject based on prior events. If only one person is consulted, their bias may have a larger effect on the outcome, but something that happened to that person may not apply to that situation. The more people that are asked, the more clear it will be on which outcomes are common, and should be most avoided.

Choices can affect people for a long time and in order to make sure the best decision is being made, it is necessary talk with other people. Getting new advice will add different viewpoints, help avoid similar mistakes that have been made in the past, and bring people to a less biased agreement. Seeking many opinions can help someone make the best choice for them.