With conditions far harsher than on Earth and anything humans have expirenced, one the closes planet to Earth, Venus is increadibly inhosbitable. Dispite those facts scientists are still fascinated by the planet do to it's increadible similarity to Earth, but the conditions have prevented scientists from investigating throughly. With all spacecraft sent to Venus being destroyed it is a suprise that we are still trying to study this planet, and the author of "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" gives very little insight into why scientists are still attempting to study the planet.

To start off Venus is our sister planet with very similar density and size to Earth with similar features with mountains, valleys, and other rocky structures. The author states that many scientists think that Venus could have supported life long ago and may have been covered in ocean and if this is true we may get much insight as to why Venus would change to become an exteremly inhospitable planet. Though the author gives us very little as to what we will be able to do with this information or what other information we may get. The author also mentions space travel but states only that, "Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for planetary visit, a crusial consideration given the long time frames of space travel" ("The Challenge of Exploring Venus" 4). Other than that small mention the author does not go into depth on this idea.

Though the thought of being able to explore and study one of the closes planets to us is great the author of "The Challenges of Exploring Venus" does not do to good of a job of informing us as to why we would attempt to weather such harsh conditions. With the temperature going over 800 degrees Fahrenheit and the pressure that could liquify metal its hard to reason why we should attempt to send probes to Venus let alone travaling there personaly and the author does not do a very good job covincing us that this is a good idea. They give us very little information as to what they will get from this and give us information that makes this sound crazy to attempt. 