"When in dought ask for help." We all have different opinions and sometimes we want to know what others think about it. I think asking more than one person for there thoughts or opinions can be very helpful because, sometimes I dont know what to choose and when I ask my friends if they can help me choose between something because I cant, they all choose different things with there own opinions and explanations. Sometimes if Im not sure with what I am doing I ask my friends or family members for there opinions. Some of my friends and family members think its okay and the rest dont.

Choosing something for me can be difficult at times. I like to ask my friends on what they think or what there opinions are. I once was not sure on what shoes to buy at the time. I could of either bought Nike or Vans. It was really hard because I wanted both but at the time I could only get one. So I asked my friends on what shoes they like the most and why. One of my friends told me I should get Vans because they were pretty. My other friends told me I should get the Nike because they make you taller and there more comfortable. And I agreed with them so I ended up getting Nike. My mom and I love to go shopping. One time I was only allowed to get one item from the store. I really wanted to get two shirts but I couldnt. I sent my friends a picture and asked them "which one do you think is prettier?" They all choose the same shirt so I told my mom I was going to get that one, but my mom liked the other one because it covered up more. I explained to her that for me it wouldnt show as much. And I got the the shirt. My parents are very adventurous they love going places. This summer that is coming up I can either go to Guatemala for two weeks or I can go to Florida for two weeks. I have already been to those places and I really like them both. There both really pretty places. I asked my friends what they they would choose. Half of them told me I should go to Guatemala so I can see some of my family. the other half said there would be less money spent if I went to Florida. It was a very hard decision but they convinced me in going to Guatemala so I can see some of my family.

We have all had a time where we didnt know if we should or shouldnt do something. And when thats happens to me I always ask my friends or family members what they think. Last fall me and my best friend went to

Generic_Name for the Halloween fest. I got really scared at night, we were going to go into a haunted house but I wasnt sure if still wanted to go. I was scared when I told my friend that I wasnt sure if I still wanted to do that. She told me, "Well you dont have to but just remember we already payed for this and we are doing it together." I decided to ask my brother what he thinks he told me "Its okay I dont care anyway" I knew my friend was right so I went in the haunted house with her holding on as hard as I could because I was really scared. At the end of the day I was glad I told her because I had a blast that night. One time I was invited to a party my mom said I could go but I had to be safe. I wasnt sure if i should go because I knew the people at that party did stuff they shouldnt. I thought of it the whole week and I decided to ask my friend what she thought about sh said "if you want to go you can go I dont care." I still wasnt sure with that so I asked my other friend and she told me "I dont think you should go to the party if you know whats going to happen. Your my best friend and I know you can decide too but I think its better if you dont go and you stay home where its safe." After she told me that I knew for sure I wasnt going to the party. This year someone I liked asked me out. My friends were telling me that I should say yes. That day I decided to tell my mom. She told me "I dont think its a good idea for you to start dating right know, I dont want that getting in the way of your studies you are still very young and you will find someone if the future." I decided to take her advice and say no. My friends were upset with me that I didnt say yes. I didnt really care because I knew it was the right decision for me.

I think asking more than one person for there opinions is a good idea because, sometimes I dont know what to choose and I ask my friends if they can help me choose. Other times if Im not sure if Im doing the right thing

I ask my friends or family members for there opinions. Asking more than one person may or may not help some people but thats okay. We all have our own ways.