As technology advances with time, modern day students continue to benefit from more sophisticated and accessible means through which they're able to study their courses of interest. With a greater number of sources springing up, such as Khan Academy and IXL, more and more adolescents suddenly have the option of learning from the comforts of their homes, with videos and activities ripe with content on par with regular schoolwork. With this influx of greater educational opportunities, isn't it due time we integrate this concept into our day to day schools? The use of online classes and video conferencing for schools will greatly benefit absent and sickly students and allow for a more personalized, direct method of teaching.

The ability to take classes from home would directly benefit absent students, as well as sick students that aren't able to attend school any given day. The issue with sickness - and, particularly, with the flu season - is the increasing number of absent students that are forced to skip out on classes. As if their lives aren't busy enough already, they now have the responsibility of catching up on missed work and unfinished notes. Schools have already tried numerous contraceptives to this issue, from sending home work for the student to complete or force them to attend class if their sickness isn't severe; however, those options suffer the risk of getting other students sick, or having the sick student obtain a poor understanding of the subject at hand due to their illness. Being able to take the class at home would allow the teacher to teach that student at the same level as he could achieve in class, even if they aren't physically present. It would eliminate any confusion and risk of exposing other children to the sickness, benefiting both the absentee and the school faculty.

Another benefit of being taught from home is a more direct, eye-to-eye method of teaching that would greatly help a number of students. Schools have been evolving in the recent years to accommodate a plethora of children with varying needs, and thus far, it's been a successful endeavor. Those that perform poorly in a group setting are far more likely to succeed in their classes if they had the opportunity to access education from a familiar setting in an individual, one on one sort of education. In my previous school, for example, I had a friend that I seldom saw in school. In the rare moments I did see him, he always appeared reclusive and unwilling to study. Whenever I questioned my teachers about him, however, they'd assure me that he was performing consistently well in his classes, most of which he took from his home during school hours. Prior to the year I moved, he'd become far more outgoing and showed up more often at school. Not all of us study the same way, and likewise can be said for those that require a different type of teaching to excel as learners.

As much potential as these sorts of classes might have, some people argue that they're infinitely far less interactive than attending them physically. With the rising amount of research and development, however, this might soon cease to be an issue. Even with technological restraints, educators have made incredible strides to make at-home classes inclusive and productive. Videos explaining complex subjects now often come with worksheets, quizzes, web quests, or other innovative projects. The quality of these lessons come mostly from the teachers, too: a tangible subject such as art has been made into a comprehensive learning experience with people such as Bob Ross and his show or the Khan Academy website, with Salmar Khan's initiative fueling a decade of innovative learning. With the further advancement in technology, it's not unlikely that we'll soon have fully fledged, big scale projects with the help of computers or virtual reality. Such a dated argument has been unwoven at an unprecedented rate over the past few years.

As technology has evolved, so must our schools. From blackboards to smart boards and to chromebooks, we must continue to incorporate this tech into our lessons to further the learning of the generations soon to come. Students that are ill or have other needs shall have what helps them stay productive and successful in the present day. At the pace we've been going, who knows what'll come next? Whatever it may be, we've got push forward and keep advancing the educational experiences of those that will power our future.