A Seagoing Cowboy is a cowboy who travels overseas to a different country and take animals/supplies there that they are in need of. This job takes a lot of work. You have to watch all the animals every hour, clean their stalls, and feed them. This job does take a lot of work, but it is a unique experience one will never forget. You get to Help other countries in need after the war, see amazing countries and sights , and have fun with new friends you get to meet while traveling. It is a great experience.

After World War ll, several countries were left in destruction. This meant that someone needed to help fast, and get the people food, animals, and other supplies that were needed. 44 nations came together as UNRRA, also known as the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, and hired "Seagoing Cowboys", like myself. We help deliver horses, young cows, and mules to the countries in need. It feels so great to help other people, and I will never forget all the smiling faces I saw when I arrived with their animals. It is a wonderful sight.

When you visit several countries, you never realize how wonderful and amazing they can look, even after a war! Places like Europe, China, Greece, Italy, and the list countinues. After we deliver the animals, we get to have a little bit a of fun before we go back, so we get to go to tourist attractions, and popular cities in the country. I was able to take a gondola ride in Venice, Italy, where the streets are made up of water. I also got to see the Acropolis in Greece. Those trips were pretty special! There are so many great things to see and do in every country, so no matter where you go, you will have a great adventure exploring the cities, and having a ton of fun!

While being on a boat, traveling to a country, you have to watch over the animals every so often. That is not the case on your way back, when the animals are gone from your boat at the country you just visited. Since the animals are gone, you can do whatever you want to do to make the time pass. We do things such as table-tennis, volleyball, boxing, fencing, baseball, reading, and more fun games. You really can't play things games without people to play with, which is a great way to make friends. Since you probably don't know the people working with you, you can get to know them, and make new friends. This is one of my favorite parts of being a Seagoing Cowboy, because without becoming friends with your co-workers, you job isn't fun. It's a great way to open up, and whats more fun then going over-seas with your friends and having a good time?

In conclusion, becoming a Seagoing Cowboy is an amazing experience because you get to help others in need after the war, see amazing places/sights, and have tons of fun while making new friends with the people you work with. You will have so many great memories of your time at every country. Become a Seagoing Cowboy today!