Many students find it hard to wake up in the morning and get themselves to school. Finding the motivation to get out of your bed can always be challenging. Knowing that you get to stay in your own home would help a lot. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be more comfortable, be able to work at their own pace, and feel less anxious.

Physically being at school can be very uncomfortable. Getting to be at home would help students find comfort because they know where the most comfortable spots in their house are. After sitting in the same spot for an hour and half, many people need to change position or sit in a better chair. Very few schools have comfortable seating. Only being able to think about how uncomfortable you are makes it difficult to focus on your work. Being at home, you can sit wherever you want and move around as you please. In a school building, you don't have the freedom to do this all the time. Students would feel a lot better doing their work if they got to be in the comfort of their own home.

Nobody likes to be rushed, it can be very stressful. When I know I am being rushed, I tend to break down and get extremely overwhelmed. Many other students can relate to this feeling. Some classes work too fast or slow for students. It would benefit students a lot if they were attending classes at home because they would be able to work at their own pace. Whether they work fast or slow, it wouldn't impact any of the other students. This would take a lot of stress away because then students wouldn't have to worry about their teacher and other classmates, they could focus on only their work. Knowing they can take their time would reduce a lot of stress.

There are so many students that suffer from anxiety. A lot of kids have their worst moments with anxiety at school. Whether they get anxiety from the work, students, or other things, it is something that makes it so hard for kids to go to school. Being able to attend your class from home would help students who deal with anxiety so much. Most people think of their home as a safe place, but many students do not think of school as a safe place. Having to go to a place you don't find safe, and then being expected to complete your work is be one of the hardest things you can experience. Students would be a lot more willing and able to do their school work if they were in their homes.

So many students would love to attend classes from home. There are so many things that the world doesn't see when it comes to school. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would be more comfortable, be able to work at their own pace, and feel less anxious. 