When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. I know some of my friends has done it. And I would too. I think talking to other people and seeking other ideas is the best way to help someone make a better choice because you can hear what others think about your choice, you can really find out if it is the right choice or not, and the advice given to you by other people could help you later on in the future.

By talking to other people, you're letting others hear about your choice and they can think on it. When someone else hears that you need advice, other people are willing to give advice on what to do and what not to do. You can hear more than one side of opinions. You'll have multiple helpful tips on what to say and do. Back not too long ago, I needed advice on a certain matter, and i asked many different people so I can get the best advice and to see which one was the best and the smartest way to deal with that matter.

Not only are you letting others hear and think about your choice, your letting others help you to find out if your choice is a good one, or a bad one. When you are making a choice, consult with other people for their advice to help you make the right choice. I mean, we are all imperfect, so we do need help on what choices to make, and if they're good choices. I even need help on what choices are good ones and what are bad ones. And I'm sure many other people need help too. That's why talking to other people and letting them help you is a good way to make sure if your choice is a good one or not.

Also, by talking to other people, and letting them help you, the advice given to you by other people could really help you later on it the future. Suppose you got into a fight or an argument with one of your friends, and you want to retaliate. By seeking advice from many other people, that could help you not make the worst decision in your life. Yes, some people may say to go ahead and get back on your friend, but there are some people who will think and help you not get angry with your friend. So by listening to those people, you will learn to make peace with your friend. And all that could really help you in the future.

When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. Seeking other ideas and talking to other people is the best way to help someone make better choices in life. I say that because you can hear what others think and say about your choice, you can really find out if it is the right choice or not, and the advice given to you by other people could help you later on in the future. I know, because my friends and I have done that.