Cell phones have not been around for a long time but, they have become an important factor of our lives. People use their cell phones for everything like texting, talking, event planning, social media, etc. Sometimes we can even do two or more of these things at a time. Sadly, people are also choosing the wrong time to be using their cell phones: while they're driving. Holding your phone in your hand while driving is dangerous to the for many of reasons.

When it goes off whenever they're driving whether it's a text, social media or a call, curiosity gets the best of them and they feel as if they have to look at that very moment. To stop and read this message you would have to take your eyes off of the road longer than the time of the one second, it takes to look at the rearview mirror. It is very dangerous to type or read while driving. It isn't safe on the road, so it is not just your own life you are risking.

I think that the use of a cell phone while driving should be banned in all states because it is already against the law in some states, it is a distraction to drivers. The use of cell phones, in all ways, while driving is already illegal in twelve states across the country. If someone is caught using their phone while driving, drivers may be faced with a ticket and a fine. The first California cell phone law bans any cell phone or wireless phone use while driving and if you are under the age of 18 you are banned from using a hands free device. The cell phone laws do not affect passengers of the vehicle; this law only applies to the driver of the vehicle.

Handheld cell phones can only be used if there is an emergency. Cell Phones and Driving In today's society we've all become attached to our cell phones. it does not matter how good you are at multitasking, it should be banned and against the law.

First with texts, social media and any written phone alert.

Cell phones make our lives easier in many ways we can check our email, receive phone calls, send text messages, listen to music, and take pictures, all at our fingertips. With all this convenience, however there is a dangerous side to cell phones, and that's when we use them while driving. Five states plus Washington D.C. have put hand held bans on cell phones while driving.            