How many people do you go to when you need advice? People usually go to more than one person like their mom, dad, sibling, aunt, grandparents, friends etc. People ask other people for advice because they think that a different perspective might help them make a better choice. Sometimes it does work. Seeking multiple opinions is helpful because, sometimes people have more experience, you'll get different opinions and next time you'll know who to go for advice.

People always ask to someone who has more experience. This is usually someone who's older than you, been through the same stage or knows you closely. For example, maybe you go to your mom for advice. Your mom is older than you, she might have been confused like you and nobody knows you more than your mom. Whenever a person goes to ask for advice their is always person he/she goes to that's an elderly.

Another reason, is that you'll get different opinions. So then your brain will work differently, you'll have multiple choices and your decision won't be biased. Like, maybe you want to go to a specific college, but your still not sure. So you ask for some advice. After you listen to different people's opinions, your brain will work differently. Then you'll realize that their are many other choices and then when you finally decide to go, then you won't blame yourself for being biased. So it's good to get different opinions because they will really help you.

Finally, if you ask for advice once then you'll know who to go to next time. After you ask advice from one person than you'll go to them again because, you know them really well, you trust them now and you know that they will help you no matter what. For example. you ask you grandmother fr help again. You go to her because, you already know each other really well, you trust each other and you know that she will do anything to help you. So once you ask for advice, you'll know who to trust next time.

In conclusion, seeking advice from multiple people is helpful because, you'll get multiple choices, you'll know who to trust next time and some people will have more experiences to share. You'll get multiple choices because your brain will work differently, you'll get lot's pf options and your decision won't be biased. You'll know who to trust next time because, you already know them, you trust them really well and you know that they will help you no matter what. Some people will have more experiences because, they are older than you, they have been through the same stage and they know you really well. So next time don't hesitate to ask advice from more than one person.