Some schools require students to complete summer assignments to assure they continue learning during the break. Some people say that these summer assignments should be designed by teachers. Others believe that these assignments should be created by students. It is rightfully argued that students should not have the ability to design such important assignments. As such, summer assignments should be teacher designed because it would be based off material taught in the class, it would allow students an opportunity to to get an understanding of what the class is like, and would prevent students from producing bellow standard assignments.

By allowing teachers the ability to tailor summer assignments, it would allow the assignments to be based off what the teacher sees as beneficial to teach. An assignments created by the teacher, allows for them to introduce material that otherwise would not be covered if students where to make the assignment themselves. This opportunity would be beneficial in helping students better understand the material that will be covered in class. It would also be beneficial because it would teach students material before school starts. Allowing for students to be knowledgeable about the subject before they even walk thought the doors of the school the next year. Just these opportunities alone would help students academically.

Another reason why the assignment should be teacher designed is because it helps students better understand their teachers work style. The assignments would reflect how the teacher would present the topics that would be covered in class. This will help students know how to adjust their work habits to be best suited for the class. The assignment would also show what the workload would be like for the class. This invaluable information would help students find their footing in the classroom setting. Overall, this will help guide students find a way to do their best in the class.

Yet another example to the importance of a teacher created assignment would be the prevention of low quality work. The standard set by a teacher created assignment would allow all students to be on the same page academically. This would insure that, even thought one might put in the minimal required effort, one will be on par with their peers on what they need to know. The standardized assignment would also act as a form of quality control. This would prevent some students from producing lackluster project with no effort, as well as preventing students from going overboard on their assignment. These sorts of oversights show the importance of a standardized, teacher created assignment.

These reasons alone show just how important a teacher made summer assignment truly is, It allows for material to be taught even before the beginning of the school year. It creates an opportunity for students to adapt to their teachers work style. Plus, this would create a standard one must strive to achieve. While some say this method of creating assignments stifles creativity, it allows for a better quality of work to be created. In the end, a carefully planned, designed, and crafted teacher made assignment is more beneficial then one slapped together by a student.