Driverless cars could be one of the best inventions in the world if they worked 100% of the time and did not need any help from a human. For now though they are still a very useful invention. There are many reasons why they would and will be in the future. Some of the reasons are, reduced human errors, reduced accidents, and less fuel usage.

If driverless cars became fully automated to the point that a driver does not even have to do anything; is when human errors connected to driving will be close to eliminated. Humans may interfear with the car every so often and cause it to do something unintended, but for the most sake it would have no errors. Being able to drive without ever having crashes would be awesome. For one there would never need to be arguements about who hit who or money down the drain because of one stupid mistake. It would help people save money if they had a car that never crashed because there was no error. It could possible help the economy if people did not ever have to put money towards fixing their car after a crash. It could also reduce the amounts of death and injury from car crashes. Which would also reduce their money spent on hospital bills and inshurance. Driverless cars could be helpful in many ways, and reducing human error could help save people money and injury.

Accidents are very bad no matter how it happens. One way accidents should not happen is car crashes. If everyone followed the rules of the road, there would be no car crashes, but not everyone follows those rules. If there was driverless cars there would be no accidents, because every car would follow the rules of the road. Cars do not text and drive last time I checked. They also do not drink and drive, call and drive, or eat and drive. They do one job only, drive. We think phone calls or responding to texts is urgent no matter the time. Well, we are wrong, I would rather keep my life rather than risk it for a text or phone call, and the same goes for drinking and driving. I would rather take a cab home than risk drinking and driving, not only because it is illeagal, but because it is also dangerous. Your life is the most important thing in the world, and a driverless car can help you savor that. For no one wants to die a death that could have been avoided.

Less fuel usage in cars would be amazing. One reason is no one likes to spend extra money if they do not have to. Lower cost is something we can all agree on. Also it would reduce our usage on the oil we are using up. If the driverless cars would reduce the fuel usage it could help us savor what we have less of, because at some point it will be gone, and when it does we need a backup plan. If we could cut our fuel usage in half right now, it could give us some time to think of something else to fall back on when we get close to losing all of our resources. Driverless cars could be the first step towards that goal.

Driverless cars could have a huge impact on the world we live in today. From saving lives to saving money to saving our resources, driverless cars are expected to help the world a lot. They will be able to help people that are careless today, which could end up savning a life down the road. Driverless cars will be a new start to a new beginning.