I feel that driverless cars can be benificial to the human race. Driverless cars may be benificial but many people are most likely against or skeptical about driverless cars. These cars are cars that do not need humans to control them and they can move on there own. A lot of driverless cars have already been invented but they are not fully driverless. As stated in the article "Driverless Cars are Coming." it is said that the company Google have had these types of cars since 2009. So they are nothing new to society it's just that a lot of people have never heard of this concept. I feel like it's a great idea. Just imagine having a taxi, or "Uber" now a days, to drive you wherever you want to go. Driverless cars will require less gasoline than other types of cars. They may not even require any gasoline nobody really knows yet. Google modified a Toyota Prius to use estimating sensors on the rear left wheel and a 3-D rotating sensor on the roof to judge what items are around it. The rotating sensor is used to establish how the car drives. The sensor on the roof does this by seeing what items are around it and making a three dimensional shape of what the car or the sensor see that that item is. General Motors created a futuristic road in the 1950s. They did this because they thought that it would be better for cars to have to drive on a road instead of the car having to do all of the things a driver can do by itself. They found out that it would have costed a humongous ammount of money and it was not practical. After that some college students/Engineers at Berkeley tried something similar except instead of cable it was magnets. They tried to make the car read in binary code which they would implement into these things called smart-road systems. This also required a large sum of money and again it was to expensive and not very practical. With the smarter road systems out of the way it opened up a new oppurtunity for manufactureres. They could now work on smarter cars. Nobody knew how much smarter though. Sensors in the Google cars were nothing new. They started maked speed sensors at the wheels of cars to activate antilock brakes back in the 1980s. Since then the sensors have just become more advanced and now they have been able to detect and respond to certain things that could be hazardous to the driver. The information in the sensors cause the car to activate and reduce power to the engine and other things such as brakes. Further improvements are being added to sensors to make it more driver friendly and safer for the drivers. No car manufacturer has made a car that does not have to be driven yet. They do not drive themselves most of them just assist the driver so he or she doesn't have to worry about all of the things that are essencial to driving a vehicle. In 2013 BMW (Car Manufacturer) announced that they are developing "Traffic Jam Assistant." This car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 miles per hour. Special touch sensors make sure the driver keeps a hold of the wheel. So the main question is why would anyone want a driverless car that still needs a driver? Well actually psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge and we need to interpret the driving in a fun way. So basically we need to make it a fun thing for the drivers to not have to drive. So car manufacturers were talking about activating a heads-up-display (HUD). These HUD's would make the trip to wherever your destination is less boring. Me personally I don't think it's such a good idea to have a HUD in a car because people will have trouble focusing on the road. People would probably like a nice thing to do while they are bored but what if in that little instance that the car just happens to lose control. You will be paying attention to something else and not the road. People have there phones anyways so I don't even see what the big deal is about these HUD's in cars. Just a waste of expenses is all I see. So to answer the question. Yes I am a fan of the driverless car and yes I do think that they should be implemented in our lives, but I also think that the car manufacturers should talk over some of the features that they're wanting to put on this car.       