You really think that the Face was created by aliens? Well I do not think that. First of all there is no evidence that aliens even exsist. Second of all, there is no evidence that it was created by aliens at all, it is just a conspiracy therory. Also another example would be that it says in the paragraph that is just a landform. I believe that the Face is just a landform, like the ones on earth.

My first example that the Face wasn't created my aliens would be, there is no evidence that aliens even exsisted ever. There is no evidence in the passage but it is just a known belief that aliens have never existed at all, in the history of ever.

Another example that i believe would be that, yet again there is no evidence that the aliens (that don't exsist) even made that. For instance, in paragraph six it states," Although few scientists believed the Face was an alien artifact....."We photographed the Face as soon as we could get a good shot at it." This example shows that even few scientist believe that the aliens created it. NASA still tried to prove that it wasn't made by the aliens that don't exsist.

My last reason I believe that the Face wasn't made by aliens would be that, the Face was proven to be just like the landforms on Earth, and we didn't shape those. For example, in paragraph twelve it states," What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa- landforms common around the American West. "It reminds me most of MIddle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho,"

says Garvin. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars."

This example shows that it was proven that the Face is just like landforms on Earth.

In conclusion, these three examples show why I believe that the Face was not made by aliens. It is just a landform, like the ones on Earth. There is no evidence that aliens even exist. There is no evidence that aliens created the Face. Also it was proven that the Face is just like landforms on Earth. I believe that the Face is just a natural landform. 