There are many different emotions that people obtain each and every day. There have been many studies about different emotions of people and how the emotions are recongnized. The defintion of emotion is the way a person expresses themselves through body language. I believe that the use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is valuable becuase it will advance the teachers, the students will portray better attitudes, and it will benefit the school's decisions.

First, the teachers skills will advance with this technology. While teaching, the teacher will find out which material the kids are interested in. The text states,"Most human communication is nonverbal, including emotional communication." Kids in school usually do not communicate how they feel to their teachers. This is one of the biggest problems with school. If there is an ability to change for the better, why not take it?

Next, during school, kids will portray stronger attitudes. There are two scenarios when speaking about how kids would act in school if this technology was available. The students would either give out a better attitude, or fake it until they make it. Students do not want their teacher to know how they are feeling. In the article, it states,"Eckman has classified six basic emotions-happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." Therefore, the teacher has a strong idea of how a student feels. Unless, of course, the students are faking it.

Finally, this technology would benefit the schools decisions. The school would have the ability to study each student's emotions and find out how the student enjoys to learn. Better yet, the school will know which classes to place the student in based on his emotions toward different subjects, this is a very easy way to find out a pathway into a student's future. The article says,"She's 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent feaarful, and 2 percent angry." The quote is referring to the famous Mona Lisa artwork. However, if a school had access to all of that information about a student, they could make the student's career path excellent.

There are a ton of benefits to the innovation including advancing a teacher's skills, skyrocketing the happiness of students, and the overall decision making process that the school goes through. Many years ago, no one could ever imagine that this technology would come into existence. The techonology of this world is advancing and changing rapidly. No one has time to even blink.