Driverless cars are starting to be created, and eventually they will be allowed on the streets everywhere. With that being said, that means that there will be more dangers that pedestrians and drivers have to worry about. If one thing went wrong with a driverless car it could potentially cause an accident and leave people injured and/or dead. Without having a driver that is specifically paying attention to the road, you never know what might happen. At any point in time the car could malfunction and nobody would be there to maintain control. Cars are meant to have a driver, and without a driver nobody knows what may happen.

These days, cars that have to have a driver still malfunction and sometimes the driver is not even enough to help keep them from causing an accident. Without a driver this risk would be even larger leaving everyone more concerned about getting into an accident. There should always be someone who is watching the road at all times and if things do start going badly then they are able to fix what is going on.

The longer that driverless cars are around the more that they will be available leaving less manual cars out there. This means that cars will become more expensive due to all of the technology that has to go in the cars to make then drive by themselves. More and more people will have to go without a vehicle because they will not be able to find any that can fit into their budget. Driverless vehicles will ruin the chance of some people getting a newer vehicle due to the rising prices.

If driverless cars continue to only be allowed to go up to speeds of 25 miles per hour and cannot drive by themselves through workzones and around accidents then there is really no point in having them. Many places, even around small towns/cities, have a speed limit higher than 25 miles per hour. The car would be no use and the driver would have to drive the car themselves. Even if the car could drive through anything and go any speed, the person in the drivers seat would have to remain alert at all times because you never know when the car could malfunction and potentially cause an accident.

Even though there are many downfalls of driverless cars, there are also many upsides to them. One of these would be the vibration of the drivers seat in the GM when the vehicle could possibly back into an object. Another thing is the cameras that could watch the person in the drivers seat to make sure that they are watching the road. This would help people stay focused and remain focused while they were in the car. Driverless cars would be very nice, especially for people who have to drive really far or who do not like to drive, but they are not as safe as a real driver.

Technology is becoming so advanced that in just a few years driverless cars will be made and seen on the streets. This puts many people in danger and everyone will have to be more carfeul on the road. Some people that are going to own these cars will not put their full attention on the road, and when the car malfunctions or stop then there will be an accident. These cars will cost a lot more money that many people do not have, leaving them without a car. If driverless cars do become the future there needs to be many laws and requirements made about the car and the person who owns the car.         