I believe that people shouldn't be able to use their phones while driving because something that's simple and quick could cause someone their life. There have been plenty of cases where the driver has just looked away for a split second then boom an accident has happened. That's why the "Hands-free law" came into place in July 1, 2018. As a driver your eyes should always be on the road , because it's for your safety and the others around you. Records indicate that there were 3,613,732 motor vehicle fatalities in the United States from 1899 to 2013. https://en. wikipedia. org/wiki/Motor_vehicle_fatality_rate_in_U.S._by_year.

The general population needs to understand that the Hands-free law is an important law to follow. Not just for your own good but for the others around you that has families that love them. Getting into an accident can cause a lot of stress into your life that was unneeded. A lot of times when you get into an accident and it's your fault your insurance goes up. I'm pretty sure you would feel extremely regretful if you got into an accident , and it could've been avoided by just staying off your phone.

Driving & texting is also bad because let's say you don't have an accident , but a officer spots you first. Now you have a ticket on your record , and a fine that you have to pay. That's why it's best to purchase a car cradle so you can follow the law and avoid the law.

The Hands-free law is probably one of the best laws in georgia. Even though people still don't always follow the law. It still puts a strain on how often people were doing it.

For a very long time there has been approximately 660,000 drivers in the united states that use cell phones while driving. whether its taking a call, texting, sending emails, or even taking selfies. These drivers very often think that they are capable of multi-tasking with their phones and the road, but statistics have shown over the years people are only capable of doing so to a certain extent. Which is why its so easily avoidable to just not use your cell phone while driving to eliminate one reason of someone being fatally injured in or outside of your automobile. By ignoring the laws put in place to save everyone from being seriously injured due to such a small device , you are now putting everyone around you at risk. The percentage of fatalities linked to distracted drivers increased from 10% in 2005 to 16% in 2009, as stated in an article found on " edgarsnyder. com". In conclusion to statistics and using a cell phone while driving one can see that it is clear you are only risking potentially hurting yourself and others around you by not following state laws.                  