My grandpa said once "you'll get better advice if you listen to more people." And that's why I say it's best to seek multiple people when search for advice. Other reasons I say this are: other people have different points of view than you, other people have gained wisdom as well, and strangers give unfiltered advice. Now I'll explain my other reasons.

The best advice comes from people with different points of view, and other people have wildly different points of view than you, that's because the vast majority of the world has had different experiences than you, which changes you're point of view a lot. And even if you've been to the same place as someone, a location can change over the course of many years meaning that you'll each have a very different experiences, yet again altering their point of view. Depending on your prior experiences, if you were to have the same experience as someone, you might take the experience's meaning differently.

Don't forget, you're not the only one that has asked and received advice. People's points of view have been influenced by their families. And advice is mostly given by friends and family, and other people have different families and friend groups. If someone lived in another place and time some advice given to them may not be relevant to you right now, but it may be relevant in your future, so it's best to listen regardless. Advice changes over the years by many people as they see fit, as the advice gets tweaked by the passing of generation to generation.

It might be a good idea to ask strangers for advice, as strangers have the most different points of view than you. Most of the people you know have probably had roughly some of the same experiences as you, while strangers will usually have the most different experiences than anyone you know. Since strangers have this original point of view strangers would give an original take on things, and give you advice you probably haven't heard yet. And it's harder for a stranger to purposely give bad advice because out of all people, the probably have the least to gain by giving you bad advice.

That's whyit's best to seek multiple people when search for advice. to restate my reasons they are: other people have different points of view than you, other people have gained wisdom as well, and strangers give the most original advice. So hopefully this paper help you realize why it's good to seek other people for advice, and encourages you to do so.