Extracurricular Activity

Yes I agree that all student must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. There is three reason one is it can help you communicate better with other people around you. Also you learn something and hard work and it is good for the school in many ways.

First reason is communicate it can help in many ways. Like it can help you put yourself out there. For ex it can give yourself confident to show who you really are. As well it will let you meet other people or possibly make a new friend. Also help you see what kind skill you might have for your future. That is the first reason why communicate is helpful in the extracurricular activity.

The second reason is that help you learn new thing. That you may have never seen before and it can show hard work. One of the extracurricular activity is sports like basketball. One thing it can teach you to be a leader and a good team player. The other extracurricular are the yearbook and the serve on the student council. The extracurricular activity can help your education. By helping you learn how to count money and take photo and put data on the computer. At the end extracurricular activity can help your mind set grow even after school. Your mind is grow every single day this just makes it grow faster.

The finally reason it is good for the school in many ways here are some ways. It can help school rise money and school spirit. For ex this year the school wear pink to support this girl who had cancer. That is how extracurricular activity. To help people like her. Also the extracurricular activity helps you not be lazy and just stay home and eat all day or night. It can get you out of the house for a while. The last thing is you can be on the basketball team and it can make your team pound or if you just what to have fun you can also do that. We help the school by doing extracurricular activity we don't even know it.

In conclusion those are the reason why I said that all student must participate in at least one extracurricular activity.

There is something for everyone. What extracurricular activity would you do? Also that is all of my reasoning of why I agree on extracurricular activity.                     