Do you seek multiple opinions for advice or anything in general, because I do. Asking three or more people for their opinions on something will be a more accurate and better way to make a choice or get advice, than asking one individual for her or his opinion. When your in a situation that requires you to make a difficult choice, than seeking multiple opinions will give you a better chance at making the right decision. Your answer wont necessarily be wrong if you ask one person, but it'll more likely be wrong than correct. I think seeking multiple opinions is a great way to decide on something your not sure about, because it gives you a better chance at making the right choice, more choices to choose from, and your gonna be more confident about your answer.

Asking multiple people for their opinions will give you a higher chance at making the right decision. Having a better chance at making the right choice is something everyone wants. A higher chance at making the right choice will make you feel great. Your choice will almost definitely be correct if your parents agree with you. At the end when you make the right decision you will be happy and satisfied with your self for asking multiple people for their opinions.

Having more choices to choose from is great. If your not sure about any of the choices that you came up with, than you can ask for other peoples opinions which will give you more decisions you can make. You can ask your friends or family to help you make a decision if your not sure. You also have your teachers that can help you out, and give you more helpful tactics. If you have a lot of choices than you will at least feel good about one or two of them. thats why I think having more choices to choose from is great.

Feeling confident about your decision is important. If your not confident about your decision, than ask the people around you for their opinions. They might agree with you and support your answer. If they agree with you than you should be confident about your answer. You shouldn't loose your confidence only if a few people disagree with you, because there will always be people who agree. Confidence is the key to everything.

I think seeking multiple opinions is great because you will have a higher chance of your decision being correct, more people will agree with your choice, and you will feel confident at the end. I like asking multiple people for their opinions on something, because sometimes they have ideas that I feel more confident about than mine. My sisters always help me out when I ask for their thoughts about something. Making choices can be difficult if you dont ask multiple people for their opinions on it. Thats why I love asking multiple people for their thoughts on something I am having trouble making a choice on.    