Normally in everyone's mind when they are a teenager they want to have a car to go to places such as the mall, beach, etc. There are advantages though to limiting car usage. The whole planet should really hear or read about it, it's amazing to what these advantages can do for you, others, and our ecosystem.

The first of many reasons why we should limit car usage is because of greenhouse gas emissions. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of gas emissions in Europe. . . and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States(Source 1)." This just shows the evidence by the future if this keeps going like this the Whole entire planet would be all polluted which would make living conditions harder than they have to be. Heidrun Walter, a media trainer and mother of two states "When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way(Source 1)." Looking at this quote tells me that she must have been stressed with the car, maybe it was because of the traffic or the gas bill who knows, but she does feel happier without it so she must feel more at ease that her area is not cramped up with cars. In Vauban, Germany if you own a car where the tram to downtown Freiburg runs, there are only two places to park-large garages at the edge of the development, where a car owner must buy a space, for $40,00, along with a home. Well sign me up with a bike or running shoes because I don't have that kind of money to spend just to live in a area with no cars.

Furthermore I would like to go to Paris, but sources state that "Paris typically has more smog than other European capitals(Source 2)." Reuters had found 147 micrograms of particulate matter or PM per cubic meter compared with 114 in Brussels and 79.7 in London. That is pretty bad and knowing that people say that you must go to Paris, yeah sure for I can get polluted air into my system got it. "Diesel fuel was blamed, since Frtance has . . . [a] tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline." According to Reuters "Diesels make up 67 percent of vehicles in France, compared to a 53.3 percent average of diesel engines in the rest of Western Europe(Source 2)." Even Bogata, Columbia has a "Car-free day" and if you don't follow the rules of car-free day you will be fined $25. Carlos Arturo Plaza stated "It's a good oppurtunity to take away stress and lower air pollution," as he and his wife rode a two-seat bicycle with his wife(Source 3).

It is just clear that most areas in the world are trying to change the way we live our lives for the sake of all human life. It is a good oppurtunity to relieve stress and lower air pollution as the source stated before. So the next time you want a car think to yourself "Which one is much more helpful to the planet's ecosystem?"    