Driverless Cars, good or bad?

Yes, Yes driverless cars always sound like an awesome idea. Everyones dream, but have you thought of possible reprecussions? They say that the car will tell you when oncoming traffic or you are coming up on roadwork, but did they say anything in the article about kids running in front of the car, or even animals? What would stop the car from hitting this animal, or even a CHILD. I think kids are way more important than having a cool vehicle.

They did state that the driver should always have his/her eye on the road but, they were also talking about getting "in-car entertainment". I don't know if this sounds like television to you, but it sure does to me. And honestly, who's gonna watch the road if they're watching their favorite show?

They stated in the article that "we have to interpret driving fun in a new way". I don't think driving needs to be fun, you get where you are supposed to be and that's that. We do not need cars that'll drive for us. We are already beyond lazy, do they want us to be even lazier? Ameicans will do anything they can for an easy way out of doing something. Even if these cars will make loads of money, they aren't very safe.

The drivers seat is supposed to vibrate when backing out, if somethings in the way. Well what if the driver isn't fast enough to come to the wheel? What if they are too busy trying to pick what show they want to watch?

Let's talk about liability, Someone could easily get out of something because they can blame it on the manufacturer, "my seat didnt vibrate", "my shows didnt turn off", "the car didnt notify me". Do they really wanna get sued because someone lied?

Another thing, what the heck is up with "having cameras in the car". What even is privacy? Because, I'm quite sure thats an invasion of it. Out of everything I don't agree with, this is a huge one. They want to spy on people. Not ok.

Now if they come out with these cars and you get one, best of luck to you. but I gave you alot of reasons why the devolpment of these cars shouldn't happen. From the safety of our children, to our privacy. 