There are a lot of obese children in this generation. You cannot take away sports even if their grades are low. It is unfair and we need to exercise. We need P.E. because it is important for a lot of unhealthy children!! We need all the exercise and fun. If we don't exercise then we will continue to be obese and lazy. Not having exercise isn't going to make us do better on our grades! Being healthy helps us focus, eat better, and concentrate more on our grades. Trust me, those who aren't getting exercise won't have better grades. Even if you only give the Grade A and B averages exercise it wouldn't be fair for all the other students that have low grades. It wouldn't be fair whatsoever. This is uncalled for, just ripping away exercise to kids who need it, but have extremely low grades! You should be ashamed of yourself for even considering not letting kids have what they need! Sure lot's of people say you don't NEED exercise, but honestly we all do actually need it. We need to have the running, and strength that our gym teachers provide us. And just forcing it away because of lousy grades, which we can fix easily, is just cruel!

Gym helps build muscles. When you take it away because of grades, not only are you letting kids become obese, but you are also taking away what strengthens them. Their legs won't be any good because they will be too weak. They can hurt themselves when they finally get good grades and randomly start exercise. They need to start from the beginning like everyone else to build up strength like everyone else. Don't take away what we need the most. I beg of you, do NOT take away our exercise, strength, and fun! Its cruel and unusual punishment to make a child suffer! We are suffering when we aren't getting exercise! Obesity is striking America everywhere! When you take away sports then you are just helping the obesity problem grow!! Please don't do this! For the sake of us, the kids! Don't take away what we hold dearest! We cannot help it if we aren't good in math or algebra! Instead of taking away things, get special classes for after school, make time for a study hall and send the kids that need a little help to a class for extra learning. But taking away sports is just plain unfair!! Listen to reason and don't go through with this plan.