There are many programs in the world around you. I know one certain program that I personaly love and think you would too. This program is called the Seagoing Cowboys. I think you should join it because there is so many sights that we can see on our ways across oceans on boat trips, it's an opportunity to work hard, and it's fun.

The first reason I think you would enjoy this program is because there is so many sights to be seen. I saw many sights. I saw the excavated castle in Crete and marvled at the Panama Canal on my way to China. I also, took a ride on a Gondola in Vencie, Italy a city with streets of water. Like I said these are all wonderfull sights you could see. There is one sight I think was the most special and that was the Acropolis in Greece. Europe and China are a couple other sights. The boat trips do take a while though. For example, it took about two weeks to cross the Atlantic Ocean from the eastern coast of the United States, and a month to get to China. These are many sights that make this program super enteresting and fun.

The next reason I think you should join this program is because it's an opportunity to work hard and show others what we can do. There are many opportunities to do, expecially if you are on the cattle boat. Some of the things to do are, caring for animals, and makeing sure they have been fed and watered, pullying bags of oates and bales of hay from the lower holds of the ship to the upper, and cleaning the stalls. These many things were hard work.

cleaning the stalls was every night and the animals had to be checked daily and nightly to make sure none of them were hurt and fed and watered properly. All of these responsabillities are hard work.

Just because there's hard work dosen't mean theres not any fun, because there is. once the animals and cargo are all dropped off there is time to have fun on board, The cowboys played baseball and volleyball games in the empty holds where the animals had been housed. Tabletennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, reading, whittling, and games also helped pass the time. As I said before there are many things to do fun it's not always just seriousness. There is time to goof around and have fun too .

Like I had said before, there are many reasons to join the Seagoing Cowboys program. You should join this program because there are so many sights to see on boat trips, it's an opportunity to work hard, and there's time to have fun. I hope this makes you want to join this program because it's a good time to shine. Well, not really shine but, you know what I mean.