Should these summer projects be teacher-designed or student-designed? From my perspective is that it should be student-designed,but why should it be student-designed. I believe that it is more easier for students to pick something that interest them and to help them more on their project.

Students that makes up their own projects will have more reliable sources,also more stuff and activities that catch their eyes. If student was to pick their own project or topic,some feel as if that means they have more interest in the topic they can possibly know somebody that knows more about the project that they are working on. Some teachers will say that students shouldnt make up their own projects because if it is a group project or at home project most kids wants to play with their friends have sleepovers and do other kid/teenager like activities. What makes you think that kids wants to make their own project if in the morning they dont even want to wake up for school, so in the summer that means they want to get they sleep in because in the summer for kids and teenagers that means no school no homework no more teachers and no waking up early in the morning.

Why it shouldnt be teacher-designed? if it was teacher-designed then most students wouldnt do it they either just dont feel like doing it or doesnt know nothing about the topic, kids these days when teachers pick a topic for our essays,and or projects,just in general if a teacher picks something for the kids to work on most kids will complain about doing it. Therefore,the project shouldnt be teacher-designed also because its summer most teachers dont want to be working in the summer they want to spend time with their family members and have fun especially,if some teachers have kids or elders they have to take care of. just like how kids dont want to do no homework in the summer or any work in the summer thats how teachers feel as if it shouldnt be no homework or projects in the summer.

Will students still have the knowledge from school all the way through summer by doing a project in the summer? It depends on what the student wants to do on his/her project on. You can have one person do something about the Civil War and then you can have another person something about Kobe Bryant of course the one about the Civil War will be more educational then the one about Kobe Bryant. doing one about the civil war will help you keep your knowledge from school and all the stuff you have learned in the past months you have been in school,but if you are the other person and you are doing a project on Kobe Bryant that's a good project to do but you are going to loose the objective of the project and you are going to loose the knowledge of school and what you have learned in the past months of school, this is why i think some teachers give us the topic of the project and what we are going to be doing the project on because some kids will go off topic and not get the point of the project is to make sure we dont loose our knowledge in the summer because some kids will.

Students should have the freedom to do their own project during the summer and not lose their focus and knowledge of what they learned during school time,but they should also pick a good project that will help them remember what they are doing in school while they are on summer break. 