Have you ever had to make a tough decision? I have. I was faced with the difficult decision to quit learning Kathak dance. Kathak was a big part of my life, which is why this decision was so hard, for me to make. So when making this decision I asked many of my family members for advice on what I should do. I believe asking for the advice of my family guided me to make the best decision. When asking for advice seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice because everyone has different perspectives, and it allows you to think more about your decision.

Asking multiple people for advice will allow you to get different perspectives on your situation. Everyone has different past experiences, which is why everybody will give you different advice. When asking my family for advice I spoke with my aunt and my grandfather. My aunt was a Kathak dancer, but quit dancing in high school. She believed I should continue to dance because she regretted quitting. My grandfather had no experience in Kathak, but he did play cricket. He advised me to continue dancing because dance kept me active and healthy, which was the same reason he played cricket. Even though they gave me the same advice, they both had different reasons because of their past experiences. Another cause of people having different perspectives is their age. I also asked for the advice of my younger sister Generic_Name. At the time Generic_Name was five years old. Generic_Name thought I should quit dance because she wanted me to be home more often so I could spend time with her. This was a very selfish, and childish answer, but this proves that age does affect perspective. My aunt and grandpa had a different perspectives than my sister because they are older. I believe asking the advice of different people helped me make a better decision because everyone has different perspectives.

Receiving advice from multiple people allows you to think more about your decision. Asking for the opinion of different people may get you conflicting answers. For example when I asked my parents for advice on what to do they both had very different opinions. My mom believed that I should continue to dance. She said dancing was my passion and I would regret quitting. But my dad thought it would be better to quit so I could learn something new. Receiving conflicting advice from my parents really allowed me to contemplate my decision. I also asked for advice from my older cousin Generic_Name. When I talked to Generic_Name she asked me many questions. She asked, "How will you feel watching your friends perform without you"? "Will you be able to join classes again if you quit"?

Generic_Name's questions helped me think more about my decision. If I hadn't spoken to Generic_Name I wouldn't have considered those questions. Speaking with multiple people, allows you to think about your decision more.

Asking for advice from multiple people allows you to understand different perspectives, and think more about your choice. The perspectives from my aunt and my grandfather opened my eyes as to the many reasons I should continue dance. Talking to my parents allowed me to contemplate my decision even more because of their conflicting opinions.

Without the advice from all my family members I would not have been able to make that important choice. I believe seeking the advice from multiple people in my family led my to make the best decision to continue to learn Kathak dance.