We all hide our emotions at one point or another but, what if we had the technology that could detect whatever were feeling despite if were trying to hold them in or not. The Facial Action Coding System or FACS is just that piece of technolgy that is capable of detecting any given emotion. Dr. Huang inventor of this software has even modified it to were it can find out any emotion or emotions all at once. It's been questioned should this kind of technolgy be used in classrooms for students. The Facial Action Coding System is valuable to students in the classroom because, if any student is having troubles on the actvity at hand the Facial Action Coding System could detect that modify the prompt and make it easier for the student to then understand. Second, this software could help you better understand someone and their well-being being able to see exactly what's making them happy and what's making them upset. Third, it's better way for human and computers to "communicate or interact".

Anybody couldn't say that they haven't had problems understanding something at any given point in time. Simpily because, everyone can't understand everything right away with no problem/obstacle getting in the way weither it being how the words are phrased or if the vocabulary is too hard to comprehend. FACS could solve this issue right away. As presented in the passage "Dr. Huang predicts, then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor," therefore making it easier for the student or user to understand what is being asked or written. Solving probems much quicker than the instrustor could explaining the information piece by piece.

Understanding emotions when communicating with someone is key. Yet, we might not recognize all that are being distrubed to us. Another great reason for FACS to come into play. As stated in the passage "you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Of course, most of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc." This is all very true we can't comprehend every emotion that's more dull or hidden. So why don't we get a little help at recognizing more emotions. With FACS we can better understand someones true feelings inside and their well-being. This can than lead to possibly help solving some of the persons unsolved issues and other "troubling thoughts." Helping them become of the better verison of themselves.

In our generation today technolgy is something that we live and breath. It's important that we become familair with technolgy and being able to use it properly and effectifly. "Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for human and computers to communicate." Now isn't this perfect? Huang can help us better understand computers and help computers better understand us. If students will be using computers 24/7 why not have the proper setup for them. If the software gets used in the way it's meant to it can overall have a positive effect towards the situation. After some time the computer can develop how the student or user works and operates and what they can understand and can not. Having a large postitive impact. Greater increasing the student's grades, confidence, and potentional in class. Allowing them to fully understand the content be covered better than they would ever before.

In conculsion, the Facial Action Coding System or FACS is valuable in the students classroom because, it can modify the content of the information to be better understood. Being able to see and recognize more emotions for peers. Lastly it can help the user better "communicate" with the computer. 