Dear Principal,

Many students would like to play sports but have a C average, they would like to have a career in sports but are unable to because you could only play if you have a B average. That is unfair to them because they are good athletes but can's get their chance to shine because they have C' s so I say that it should be a C average because they're passing their classes and want a reward for that, and the reward is to play sports. I say you should let them play so they can get what they deserve.

Many kids play well in football, soccer, basketball etc. and would be good for the team but are unable to do good for their school. Do you really want that, for your team to look bad because they don't have good athletes? I say let them play and make this school look good. I know you would want that but right now you're making this school look really bad because the teams aren't doing any good. Let them play to make them and the school shine like it never has. Change it to a C average and the teams would be really good and this school would be one of the best. They're doing their best in classes and they should get rewarded big time like let them play on the teams and they would make you proud.

This is your chance to make this school shine so don't let it pass take advantage of it and let them on the teams. People miss their chance to shine and these kids are missing their chance because they are unable to play. Do you want to take that from them, their joy in life? So don't make a fool out of yourself and don't make this school a shame. Let them play so they don't miss their chance to shine, let them take advantage of it not let it go to waste. If they miss their chance, it wont come back they would never see it again and would never shine and are unable to make their families proud of their children. Don't take that away from them give it to them, do this and you, the students and the school would be the best there is. So change it from a B average to a C average and let them shine.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME