During the summer for most people its the time to go have fun , go out in the sun , go on vacation, work , babysit, or do whatever you want to do .In multiple societies for one-hundred eighty days students attend school and usually most high school students end up working or participating in some kind of sport during this time period . Due to this time line being so hectic with the pressure of studying and commitments within and outside of school its best that students now have this time during the summer to just be kids, be creative , be themselves , learn themselves, and take advantage of this break to the fullest extent. Because some schools require students to complete a summer project the assignment should be student-designed so they can be creative in their own individual ways and reflect growth over time.

Even though teachers are use to giving students direct instructions on their work , it is fundamental to the development of the child to learn individuality. Giving students the choice to express themselves through the work they turn into their teachers at the end of the summer will show you who that person is through their behavior. For example, one day i came into class and my teacher had been telling us for weeks that we were going to have a project to do with no guidlines ... to just be creative and express ourselves into whatever form. She said it doesnt matter what it is it just has to be presentable. I could not figure it out for the life of me what i was going to do, i panicked because it was for my english class my best subject. Then i realized one of the largest issues we deal with as a whole in society today is individuality , who are we. So many people struggle with individuality especially in school systems because everything is mimicked or put in place to follow a direct pathway that is made for students to be like someone else. Which is why that very simple question "who am i" ate at me for days until i sat down and really thought about it and i ended up writting a poem . I hadnt realized how much i use to enjoy writting them until i started thinking about something that really stimulated my mind and asked me a question i could contemplate. In the end i got an A in all areas of the summative but the grade didnt matter to me. I learned something that meant something to me that'll carry on into my adulthood. It mattered that one of my favorite english teachers taught me to be creative and unlocked different passions within myself just by giving me an assignment with no guidelines teaching me to teach myself personal growth. Giving students a chance to express themselves in their own ways teach them that its okay to be themselves , its ok to not be perfect , its okay to not know things because your still learning which is one of the best things you can do as a tecaher .

After learning individuality it is important to reflect upon the growth , this will help teachers understand the students as a person overtime. Although if this assignment were teacher-designed the summer poject could just be another way for students to just feel trapped , overwhelmed, or irritated because they feel as if their teacher is giving them pointless busy work during a time their supposed to be having fun. Its better to give them work that means something , work that teachers can study , so they can feel like as a teacher your just as invested in them as they have to be into you. There was a very obvious difference between my english teachers assignments and my science teachers assignments , one of them stimulated my mind with questions about the world that my teacher left up to me to express and talk about and the other left me bored and uninterested and asking for help on bookwork . One of my teachers invested in learning about me for who i am as a person so she could teach me to the best of her capability and the other could care less for who i was as a person. My grades also became a representation of that ; Its understandable that duing the school year theres not alot of time to get to know 100+ students but over the summer dont make students do work for no reason , make it meaningful and make it worth something .

In conclusion because some schools require students to complete a summer project the assignment should be student-designed so they can be creative in their own individual ways and reflect growth over time. School is a large part of the development of all people , it is how you learn and who your taught by for hours at a time . Over the summer these projects give students a way to get rewarded by grades comming back into school by showing who they are as a person. School systems should influence students more by showing that they're invested in them and not just on the grades they make in classes but who they are as a person teaching more than just book smarts but life experiences that they can bring into their adulthood.