Do you feel like you are constantly racing around life? I am. I practically live somewhere between my car and high school. My days are spent racing from one place to another or from one activity to another. Good bad or indifferent, I am home to sleep and re-charge in the evenings and weekends. If I didn't have a cell phone to use in my car, you might not hear from me for days. My phone is currently my co-pilot in life.

Sad but probably true.

I am a supporter of cell phone usage while in the car.

The ability to use a cell phone is necessary in these times. It is a on the go kind of world. My teachers email me. I keep up with my grades. I get emails. I can check the weather. I can keep up with my friends. My phone serves as my personal trainer. I can check my bank account. In the event of an emergency, having a cell phone that can allow me to seek help, report problems and potentially save lives. The importance of a cell phone goes way beyond the option to make or receive phone calls.

According to Google, in 1973 the first cell phone was portable so it could travel with you. This is a game changer. I can keep up with family and friends with the capability to use my phone on the go. Guess what? They keep up with me too. We are so busy we don't even have a home phone. With the capabilities of a cell phone, we can run our lives from where ever we are.

My cell phone serves as my one stop shop. It is always having everything I need with me.

With the advances in technology we are now able to pair our phones with our cars either by aux or blue tooth. This is genius. We don't even have to worry about holding our phone. In addition, it is hands free and voice activated. I am a law-abiding citizen and I always sync my phone after I fasten my seat belt.

I type in my first location to my next to avoid traffic and crashes.

With safe phone usage, cell phones should be allowed in your car. My phone serves as my safety device and my directions. I can find gas stations easily or change my driving due to traffic. My mom can keep up with me, unless I turn off my location.

Just kidding, that's against rules at my house.                     