Other people can be a helpful source of information when you need advice. They might have a different opinion on a certain subject, or have prior experience. If you were looking to buy a car you would ask people you know who have bought cars and see what kind of car that they recommend. You would be a lot more confident in the car that you chose if it was recommended to you by multiple people. Confiding in multiple different people when looking for advice will allow you to learn from the experiences of multiple other people, listen to multiple different ideas/opinions, and get a more detailed response.

The experiences of other people are a valuable tool if you need advice on something. Asking people about their experiences will give you some foresight into how something might be affected by what you do. Furthermore, asking multiple people about their experiences will give you an even more reliable source of advice. The information that you receive after talking to people could change the way you view something and affect what you will do. The experiences of other people can help you make decisions and change the way that you view things.

If you were planning a vacation and you couldn't decide where to go, you might ask for the opinions of people such as you family members or people who have traveled the world and might know a good place to go on vacation. You might never have been to Hawaii, but someone you know has, and they tell you that Hawaii is a great place to go on vacation. After asking around, you get lots of recommendations to go to Hawaii, and people give you lots of ideas on things that you could do while your there. You feel much more confident in your decision to go to Hawaii than you would have been had you not gotten so many recommendations to go there. The ideas and opinions of other can be a very helpful tool when you need to decide on something.

You can get a much more detailed response if you ask multiple people for their advice. If you were to ask for one person's advice on something, you wouldn't get very much information. Instead, you could ask multiple people and get lots of different information. This information will help you to decide on a course of action. Asking multiple people for their advice can help you get a more detailed response, and help you know what to do.

People are a valuable source of advice when you need to decide on something. The people around you may have prior experience or opinions that can help you with whatever it is that you need help with. You could ask random people at a bus stop if they know a good car to buy, or if they know one you shouldn't buy. Their opinions could help you decide on the right car to buy, and make you feel good about what you chose. Asking multiple different people for their advice will show you the experiences of multiple other people, show you different ideas/opinions, and give you a more detailed response.