I belief in this issue about the students are responsible with their class is favorable for them, take a class at home . Also Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class from home by way online or video conferencing. I think is good idea, students would benefits from being able to attend class from home.

Some students take class in home because they do not have time to go to the school. For example, this e students need to take class from online because they work at night or at day . Clearly, they do not have time to go the school because they time is short and they need to organize their day for take a class so, some students take a class from online because their have many reason . In summary, some students need time for study , and they need this position from online for study and they can finish their class.

To day in the world exist many disease, and we need to get precautions with this dangerous disease. So for this problem some students can't go to the school for this big problem. Relating, this problem with school because the students health is so important. For example, the corona virus is so dangerous, students need a protection, because this illness inflict many death. Is so easy to get sick. For this reason,

is important to students to get class from online or video conferencing,

is better study at home and also a good place, is the best way for students not get sick from this dangerous disease. However, this disease not have medication, but students we cant to prevent get to sick also, studying at home. In summary, is important to caring students they are the future for the world. For this reason some school need to get dis option, learning from online or video conferencing.

In another hand , i think is good idea, students would benefits from being able to attend class from home, and other people belief, this not a good idea , students would benefits from being able to attend class from home for this issue, students not leaning in one video conference but, some students don't want to go to the school because they have more than 17 years old or they can't enter to school for their age. Because, for you can enter to school minimal you need to have 15 to 17. Also, you have 18 you can't not to enter at school and is a problem because you can't find a good work if you dont have a graduation certificate from school. For example, some students want to study , but they can't because they can't enter to school for their age, I think is so important to exist a program when the people older the age can study line or video conferencing. However, many people need to get a certification but they can't for this problem, also the best solution is studying online is more accessible for them. They can have more opportunities in their life , they can get a better job. For instance students can learning online , is a big benefit for this students was can't enter at school. In definition everybody need a opportunity for study, for get a certificate from school. obviously the students are responsible with their class at home.

The benefit was school online or video conference represent is the student get more concentration at home , they do not have distraction for any other students, they do not suffer by bulling and they can get a good grade studying a lone in home. For example, sometime students get bad grade for this reason , distraction , they can't sleep at night also, they need to wake up to early for this reason they sleep in class,and they not put attention because they are tired. Also, the students have the opportunity to studying online they can organize their time and pass their class easy because they are focus with their class online also they not have distraction and its for that reason they get a good grades, students need class online or video conferencing , this program help many studying or many young girl are pregnant. Some young girl want to finish her high school but she can't because her are pregnant. However, some school get a program studying online is to much better for this students are pregnant is more easy, to studying at home because she can eating when she hungry and carrying her health for her baby. The program studying online is important to exist help to many students with different problems situations or health problems. In summary learning as action for students who wants to study online or video conferencing. I think is a good program for many students who want to study. Clearly,

everybody has the opportunity to study obviously the students who get study online has a responsible to attend every day their class and get their certification high school.

In conclusion, class online or video conferencing have many option to study, just is question of time for the students , they need to organize time for study online and can graduate , this program no have many different then the school just, the student need to stay alone and the benefit of that is you can concentrate better alone by your self. Also is better studying at home for this many disease dangerous is more comfortable state at home. However students no need age for study, what they need is inspiration and intelligent for study not need age. In summary distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way online or video conferencing. 