Dear Principal,

I have noticed you were deciding to make a new policy and were deciding between allowing students to bring phones to school and use them during their own time, or not having students bringing cell-phones at all. As being a student, I think cell-phones are highly important because they are used everyday for personal reasons. I strongly believe that you should allow students to bring their phones and only allow them to use their phones during their own time.

From past experiences, there are many times when something last minute comes up and you need to call a parent or guardian to see what is going on. Students with cell-phones can easily call or text their parent or guardian and find out the answer. It is a quick and simple thing to do. But if you do not have cell-phones allowed at school, you would have more students needing to use the office's phone for just the silliest little things. It would cause students to have to constantly use the office phone and would cause you to have anther thing to stress about.

Another reason students should have their cell-phones is because there are certain situations when something embarrassing happens and you would rather talk to your parents in private than having to go to the office. If you talk to your parents on a cell-phone, you can go somewhere private to talk to them. If you go to the office, anybody can go in and hear what you are saying. You can't get complete privacy and even if you talk low enough, the person on the other line might not be able to hear you.

Finally, allowing students to have cell-phones is also a way of trusting us. Taking cell-phones away will cause us to believe you don't trust us. If you have not been hearing complaints from teachers about students cheating with cell-phones, there really isn't any purpose of you having to take them away.

In conclusion, cell-phones are fairly important to the students and should be allowed in school. They are necessary for information on rides and mishaps. We should be trusted with them. If some students don't respect the rules, not everyone should be punished. That is why I think cell-phones should be allowed in school.