Do you want to be forced to play a sport, work in the yearbook, or be in the student council? Our principal has decided that you have to do at least one extracurricular activity. Extracurricular means out of school so that automatically puts many roles in play. Since you cannot say no to the principal, it means you have no choice but to participate in one. Students should not have to do an extracurricular activity because their family might not have enough money to support one, there can be transportation issues, and students would have less time to complete their daily expectations.

One reason why students should not be forced to do an extracurricular activity is that their family might not have enough money to financially support one. That means that you are adding to the fact that there are already money struggles. Most extracurricular activities come with some sort of cost which means adding an extracurricular activity to the bill would likely cause stress. Unless the school is willing to pay for each persons activity, the principal should not be allowed to force it upon them to complete a sport or whatever they choose. If the principal is planning on requiring at least one activity to be done per student throughout the whole school year and not just one quarter or semester, that would add even more cost that the parents have to take out of their paycheck.

Another reason why students should not be forced to do an extracurricular activity is because their family might not be able to take them everyday. Their guardians have to take time out of their own day to drive their kid to a place that might be a far distance from their home. It also might cause their parents to have to leave work early or hire someone to drive them, both affecting their paycheck. The students could carpool but there's a big chance that you won't know anyone doing the same activity as you. No matter what, whoever is driving you will still have to pay for gas. Since the principal is requiring students to participate in an extracurricular activity they should offer transportation, but since they are not it really leaves you no choice but to figure it out on your own.

A third reason why students should not be forced to do an extracurricular activity is that they will have a lot less time for their daily expectations. Students often receive homework everyday and have chores they need to complete. They also have to spend time with their family, eat dinner, and they might have plans with their friends. The activity they have to do will most likely conflict with at least one of those things. It would be a shame that their family would have to change their schedule in order for it to work out with the students' activity. The activity would most likely last longer than an hour which pulls a big chunk of time away from them being able to do their homework, chores, and eat. It could risk students falling behind in school and cause extreme stress. The students may also drift from their friends and family and their health can decline from lack of sleep and nutrition.

These are just three reasons explaining how forcing students to participate in an extracurricular activity can be harmful financially, health wise, and many other ways. Being forced to do a sport or something of the sort can cause a lot of unessecary stress at such a young age. It should be a students choice if he or she wants to do an extracurricular activity, but it should not be forced.