Schools are offering distant learning for students to attend classes off campus. Many students are saying this is great and they are taking the offer to continue and better their education. On the other hand, some say that this is not the best idea for schooling. Schools want to give students an opportunity to better their learning and stay connected with education. Online classes would help tons of students move closer to graduation and a better future.

Most of the people failing classes or didn't graduate the first time around have things they have to do outside of school to help support their families. A big example of this is working. They have to work to make money for their families but without all of the education they need, they can't work for a better paying job. Therefore, lots of people are working multiple jobs to support families; this is leaving them no time to spend six to eight hours of the day in a building. Another example is that nowadays many teens are having to stay home to watch their own child or watching a family member because of finances in their home. Although being home may help out with home situations, students grades are dropping due to the amount of absent days in classes. Online classes and video conferencing would benefit these students by allowing them to take classes at night and/or multitask during the day.

Another case where distant learning may come in use is for students very involved in sports. Doing a sport can be a big responsibility. Sports are very time consuming, although some athletes make it look easy, there is a lot that goes into playing. Many levels of sports may require leaving the state or country for days, sometimes even weeks. While playing a sport it is easy to be injured or become sick. Furthermore, students are loosing class time and unable to make up for missed days in little time. Distant learning would be beneficial for those who travel so they can take their school work along and manage their free time. Online classes also help when they are sick or injured to give them time to rest and heal and still not miss out on continuing to learning.

In conclusion, yes distant learning as an option to students is very beneficial. Allowing students to attend class from home or while traveling could get more and more people willing to go further in learning.