Students would benefit from taking classes from home via video conference or online classroom. This will help improve the overall work ethic and it would help with stress problems caused by trying to juggle both being a student and holding or making long lasting friendships.

It would help students learn better without the distractions of the classroom like friends and it would help calm people down to do more work because they won't be having any social anxiety problems because there is no social aspects. And with doing schooling from home they can finish their work with greater success because they have all of the tools at their fingertips and they aren't slowed down by the rate at which the teachers teach. While yes there are distractions inside the houses of the students like TV's, video games, their phones, and so on. It has be said by a multitude of professors that taking a break from and hour of work and doing something for a little bit is helpful and can reduce the pressure of work, which in turn will make the students work better. It also can be of benefit because now students cannot be late to class resulting in missing classwork and it also means that going to the restroom doesn't take up precious class time for them to do their work. While some electives like Art, Cooking classes, Wood shop, etc. would be a little bit harder to do, they still could assign projects that they have to show via video conferences, as well as being able to hold classes with video conferences.

While yes there is somethings that could go wrong like internet outage, students not doing the work cause no one is there to watch, and so on. The benefits greatly out way the the downsides, students not doing the work is something that still happens even in school, and internet outages happen all the time due to over stressing the wifi that schools have, and using technology for uses other than school all happen already and we are inside of the school building. Also with going to school their is a much higher chance of students and teachers becoming sick and having to miss school therefor missing work and becoming behind in class. With working at home both teachers and students will be safe from any potential health hazards. And even if a teacher or student is sick they still can work on all of their work from the comfort of their home without endangering the rest of the school.

In conclusion to all that is stated having classes from home via online or video conferencing is a much better solution then to coming in to school everyday. While yes there are some downsides to it there are even more upsides to it that greatly out weigh the downsides. Which is why attending class from home would a benefit for the students and their learning.