Driverless cars can be very useful in the near future. When we all recive one, that can be alot more safe for us but only if we all get them. Having a computer that is programed for our safety can be very helpful protectiong our lives. We all should have driverless cars as soon as they get out because they can save lives and help free up our very bussy scheduals.

If we get driverless cars everyone has to have one for this to work the best in my oppinin. If we all have driverless cars on the same roads as some other normal cars, that can bring danger to us. Trafic can't move as smoothly as wanted because the driverless car would have to worry about the normal car and consily deal with his driving decitions. This will end up slowing down trafic and possible making the human take over which is not the goal.

If everyone had driverless cars they will be no chances that the cars will crash. They are programed and in comunication with the other cars relaying information back and forth of where it is going and what lanes it needs to be in. The cars will let you in and you will never be hurt in a car crash again.

Having a driverless car can free you up to get some much needed free time, or get some last minite work done. If the car is driving you can sit back and relax. You can even just sit and look out the window and see all the things you would have missed driving with your eyes always 100 percent focest on the road. No more consitly worring about what the person ahead of you is doing or some one comes out of nowhere and hits you, causing your death. With the computers everyone will be driving the same, meaning you can get to your desination fast and safe.

All in all the driverless car is the safest and smartest idea I can think of when it comes to the future of driving cars. It has so many advatages to it you couldn't cover it all. To the safety of your body, to getting what needs to be done. Taking away driving is the most resonable thing you can think of doing. Driverless cars is just the smart way to go.