The used of this technology in the classroom would benifit the teachers. The teachers could teach and use the technology to see if the students were bored or confused. Another way this technology would help with is teachers could make a video teaching the lesson and use the technology to see how the students reacted.

The use of this technology would be great for teachers to know if their students are confused or bored. The teacher could teach a different way each day and see how the students reacted. Then which ever way kept the students more interested and made them pay attention more would be the way the teacher could start teaching so that the teacher gets the best results from their students. If the students are confused and don't want to ask a question the teacher could see that the student is confused and then the teacher can talk to the student one on one to help the student best understand the topic that he or she is confused with.

The technology could be used if the teacher was gone. The teacher could make a video teaching the lesson and the facial action coding system could see the students face and change the way the lesson is being taught to each student making the video lesson more personal towards the student. This would help the student learn the lesson how they like to learn. This would help them absorb all of the information in hope that they can retain the information for the test.

The technology would be great for classrooms. It helps the students learn the lesson the way they like to learn. It also helps the teachers teach the students to the best of their abilities. It will help the teachers teach the students the best way for the students. The teachers will know if their students are bored and that the teacher need to change up the way that they are presenting the lesson to the students. It will also help the teachers know if a student needs one on one but the student won't ask the teacher for help. With this technology the teacher will be able to go to the student and help the student. These reasons are why the facial action coding system should be implimented into the classroom.