Car-Free Places/ Bannings:

In German, they have a car-free cities.

"Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experimental new district in the outskirts of Freiburg

," says

In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars

. In all honestly, I think is kinda nicer because therefor, you don't have much space taken up with the driveways, street signs and you get more exercise if you go out and walk or run if you want to go there. But on the opposing side it could be bad if like the grocery store was on the other side of the town and you had to walk all there and walk all the way back with all your stuff that you bought and by that time you would be so tired. That's like me walking from the high school to the lake. If I started in the morning at lets just say 10am by the time I get there it would be like 2pm and if I go there and come right back I would be at high school at 7pm, not including the time I spent at the lake. What I'm trying to say that it takes so much time in the day and then just so exhausted by the time you get back.

In Source 2,

Paris bans driving due to smog,

states, " After days of near-record pollution, Paris enfoced a partial driving ban to clear to the air of the global city." Which I think that means that they banned the cars or transportation to cut down all the pollution so they can breathe better and the air is cleaner and nicer. And i guess that worked because a couple paragraphs down it says, Congestion was down 60 percent after five-days of intensitying the 'smog'." If that happened in only five days, I'm freaking proud, and think they did a good job and would be amazed of what would happen in a whole year!!

In Source 3,

Car-free day is Spinning Into a big hit in Bogota

, it took place in Colombia and it seems like that they an annual day to banned cars; "

It was the 3rd straight year cars have been banned with only buses and taxis permitted for the day without cars in this capital city of 7 million."

I think that its amazing of how these people pacticipte in something that is doing well for the Earth and for us as well. This world will be so much cleaner before you know it!    