Dear State Senator,

I agrue in favor of keeping the Electoral College, for this reason it wouldhave to be the fact that it is a much easier method electing presidental canditates. At times I know it can be unfair to most of the voters around the nation but this way is more easier than it might already seem. Instead of the people voting for which they think is the new president, it would be more likely the electors who elect the president for the state. These slate of electors are trusted to vote for the party's nominee. For some states it wouldn't be just random it be either democratic, or republicians. When having the electors it wouldbe possible to be the winner of the electoral vote but not the national popular vote.

For the president's chance of winning having an Electoral College will exceed his share of popular vote. An example would be the election backin 2012, Obama had 61.7 percent of the electoral vote compared 6to what Romeny had because most of the states awarded the eletoral votes on the winner-take-all basis, can get a chance of having victory in winning the electoral vote. But there would be a possible chance of having a tie against the states.

Another reason for this debate would have to be the reason that the candidates themseveles have to get the regional appeal from the states. For Romeny that gave him an opporunity but had little to offer. He no electoral votes in the states that he knowshe will win. For this unsuccessful result, Romeny only had regional appeal there for he was less likely to successed in the southern region. For other states that felt as if their votes didn't count, so there for assumed that Romeny had little interest, leading to the thought of an unlawful candidate. Swing states on the other hand have a chance of making it. The reason for that being is voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign knowing that they are going to decide the election. On avergae they are are thought of as the most thoughtful voters (the result is that they have recieved more information and attention from the candidates.

Electoral Colleges balance the weight in political balance that larger states lose virtue of the Senate. For Obama he won that vote based on the amount of electoral votes he recieved from Florida was 29. Also 3 from the state of Wyoming. In other reasons, larger states recieve the most attention from the candidates than the small states do.

Based on the information I have provided you in this statement, I will concluded that sometimes this method can be a little complicated to most voters in the U.S. For the reason is that most of the smaller states remain unseen by the candidates of the elections but sometimesend up winning thepopluar vote for the candidate they chose. In the beginning in starting the Electoral College was held by our founding fathers of this great nation. There for this methodshouldremain as it should. Thank you for your consideration.

Yours Turely, PROPER_NAME   