Summer Projects are often assigned to students so they are able to expand ther knowledge over their annual summer break. Many times the teacher assigns a strict, by-the-book assignment that most students dread completing. I believe these projects should be in the students hands to create, with approval of a teacher of course. As they complete the assignment they will find a creative side, independence, and educate themselves in a field of their choice. Thus the school system succeds in aiding the student in their educational journey.

Most students do not find enjoyment in vague, bottom-less assignments often times assigned to them during the year and over the summer. Allowing the students to select their own projects will allow them to unlock the creativity brewing inside of them. The student will be able to select activities and topics that interest them and explore their future as they complete the assignment. Enjoyment of learning will take place due to students displaying interest in the project of their choice. The school system always states how they encourage students to express themselves through learning. Here is their chance to show students they really mean it!

To build knowledge of the world around the student and their future, they need to know what is available to them as a person. These projects will allow the students to explore what they think they would like or what they know they want. This will benefit the present and future self of the student, create a more in-depth student, benefit the environment of the school, and add character to the student body. Students should explore not only what is readily available, but what could be in store as they continue to strive for greatness.

The student will find independence through being able to select their own summer assignment. As they do not feel pushed to complete something that everyone else is also taking part in. They do not feel as if they are another person just going throught the motion day-by-day, and having no individuality. A student's time is precious and should be dealt with in a knowledgable manner. The student will discover their interests, and maybe discover themselves along the way. Everyone wants to be their own person and wants to be good at something in their lives, so why not let them discover this on their own?

Students should be able to select their own summer projects. This will lead to more educated, creative, and independent youth. These youth are our future and we should invest in them. These projects are critical to preserve the knowledge that was obtained throughout their educational career, so we need to add meaningful weight to them. These projects develop the student so we may as well make it worthwhile.