Changing the election by popular votes for the presidents of the United States is fair right? We'll it says according to a Gallup poll in 2000, taken shortly after Al Gore thanks to the quirks of the electoral college won the popular vote but lost the presidency over 60 percent of the voter would prefer a direct election to the kind that we have now.

Next, There are problems with the electoral college system voters vote not for a slate of electors, who inturn electthe president. Imagine if we had electoral votes it would be much easier and fair for all the people, than just rather have senate or House of Representatives have to pick, or Congress. At the most basic level,the electoral college is unfair to voters.

Then, Some of the problems that we have, Because of the winner take all syste, in each state, candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning and that's a big problem focusing only on the tight races inthe "swing" states. It is informing us that During the 2000 there was a campaign that seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all,including states Rhode Island and South Carolina. and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't even get to see a single campaign ad. If anyone has a good argument for putting the fate of the presidency in the hands of a few swing voter, they have yetto make it.

Last, It almost obvious the electoral college is unfair, outdatedand irrational. And the arguments against direct elections are spurious at best. It's hard to say this butBob Dole was right he said to Abolish the electoral college. Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for Congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to reflect the will of the people. In 1968 a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election then, In 1976,  a tie would have occurred if a mere 5,559 voters in ohio and 3,687 voters in Hawaii had voted the other way. The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe

In conclusion, we voters have to stand up for our rights achieve our goal making this a better country and society to live in. Electoral votes should be made it is a much easier system. Changing the election by popular votes for the presidents for the United States is fair right? It is fair because it makes our country muche easier and better place to live. Some of the Electoral College method of selecting the president may turn off potential voters for a candidate who has no hope of carrying their state. It is clearly unfair Electoral College votes should be madefor everyone to have popular votes, to vote in this country.    