During this time in the world most people own a cellular device.

People use and take their phones everywhere including while they are driving on the road. While many people could also need the device for important things. This small device can generate lots of disasters. A phone while driving should be taken seriously and mostly while driving.

Life is precious and in just minutes it can all be gone. In this case having a phone in your hand while driving is like having your life and other people's life in your hands. In just seconds from you looking away from the road everything can be gone and everything happens in just an instant. While driving people can get distracted by their phone while looking at a video or a message that just got sent. While it can be tinting to grab the phone and grab that call or look at that message you should really just let it wait. And if you think that it's important you can make a stop at a gas station or a public place and take the call or read the message.

Being on the road is a privilege that should be used wisely. The reasons are that you are more likely to be in a car crash. This can be not only physically but mentally harmful to you and the other person involved. For example talking in the physical term you can have a brain injury, be in coma, have to have a body part cut off , or even die. Mentally you can have mental anguish, emotional distress, and sleep disturbance which are just some of the things that can happen after being involved in a crash.

Even though this experience can be a disturbing thing in someone's life. There are also some reasons why a person should use their phone while driving. For example, if you really need to take a call at that moment, need to use gps, or if it's for a health emergency. Though these are some reasons there is no excuse for a person to put themselves and other people in danger. There are other solutions to not use a phone while driving. That can save your life and someone else's

In conclusion, it's not a great idea to drive and use your phone at the same time. Even though nothing happens to you while using, no one knows what's gonna happen the next day. That way it's better to prevent and stay safe. And not only think of yourself but others.   