The founder of the Google Car project, Sebastian Thrun, said "There was no way, before 2000, to make something interesting." Now, there is something extremely interesting in the process of being developed, driverless cars. However, driverless cars are raising some concerns to states, most of which have them banned. People should not be concerned about the development of driverless cars due to the fact that the positive aspects greatly outweigh any possible negative consequences. If driverless cars continue to develop, safety will increase, new technological innovations will be discovered and the environment will benefit.

The first positive aspect one should consider when regarding driverless cars is the increase of safety. Driverless cars are thought to have in-car entertainment systems much like the dangerous cell phone use currently being used in cars. On the other hand, in-car entertainment systems will be turned off instantly when a driver needs to pay attention to what is happening on the road or take over for the car. According to the passage, "In this way, the in-car system is actually a safety feature, and safety is a big concern." Distracted driving is one of the leading causes of death, especially for teenagers and the use of driverless cars may be able to virtually eliminate this threat. Also, one of the biggest threats on the road is other drivers. In the case of driverless cars, other people being reckless on roads or not paying attention will be all but eliminated, making the road a much safer place.

Furthermore, not only will the safety of everyone on the road be dramatically increased, but new technological advances and innovation towards driverless car will be discovered. Driverless cars and the sensors that operate them are nothing new, however, the creative ways developers are using them to mimic human driving is. The passage states, "In the 1950's, General Motors created a concept car that could run on a special test track." In only a short span of time since then, technology has developed to the point of being able to put a self-driving car on any road. The rapid evolution of technology will only be aided if driverless cars are further developed. In fact the passage says, "Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Mercedes-Benz, Audi and Nissan plan to have cars that can drive themselves by 2020." If driverless cars continue to develop then the technological innovations made to these cars could be as unimaginable as driverless cars on this scale were in the 1950's.

Lastly, the development of driverless cars will not only improve technology, but it will also yield environmental benefits. According to Google co-founder Sergey Brin in the passage, "The cars he forsees would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." Using only half the fuel of today's taxis would have a huge environmental impact for the better. Less fuel would be used and the fuel that is used will be able to go a longer way. With constant searches for new places to find fuel from drilling and fracking to importing, being able to stretch the fuel has more positive aspects than one. Harmful fumes given off would be reduced if fuel was cut in half and also the demand would decrease, making the needed supply decrese as well. This could greatly reduce the use of fuel extraction methods that are harmful to the environment. Also, less fuel needed would help to prolong the far future when fuel might be at risk of being depleted, making development of driverless cars would have a positive impact on the environment.

Thus, the combination of increased safety, technological innovation and enviormental benefits make the development of driverless cars a positve step towards an interesting future in which no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore.   