Some schools require to complete summer projects to make sure students continue to learn over the break.

The pros of when teachers design summer projects they are preping students for the start of the new year and also seeing what students strengths are also, what weakens students. The pros of when students design summer projects are that, they can choose what they want to work on and find something that interests them. That position I am taking in this prompt is, student-designed and here's why.

Yes teachers want to test us on knowledgeable subjects and stories ,but sometimes I believe it is to much on a student not everyone learns the same. Students should be given an equal oppurtunity to do summer projects.

If a student designs the project he or she may actually fin it interesting because, they can do what they want to do instead recieving a designed project from the teacher. Like examples for boys would be different types of sports, all types of cars, marketing, music industry, and many more. For girls it would be cooking, benefits on keeping your hair clean, acting, traveling, and much more. This gives students the oppurtunity to express themselves instead of a teacher thinking that, maybe this is a good topic or that one. Also doing something like this is fair for each student.

As of being a student we also have a lot of activities going on over the summer such as working, sports, traveling to different states, and countries and even more. I think that's another reason why we should design it ourselves. Teachers should also get a break as well because they work all year round so it would make sense for us to do it on our own.

Although teachers can be helpful with coming up with projects and designs. I believe that us as students should be the ones creating and designing our own projects over the summer. It gives us an equal oppurtunity to express are feelings and gives us a voice. That's what I have for you today and I hope I persuaded you enough on why students should design there own summer projects instead of teachers doing it for them.    