Can you imagine life much less at risk? Well, unforunately there is a new way to prevent danger when it comes to driving on roads or even highways. Companies now are developing new ways in which they can make driving more safe then what it is now. For example, companies are making computer-driving cars. These cars have sensors to prevent any harm or danger when it comes to driving.

Firstly, my positon on driverless cars is that are they really safe to the new society? Only, because what if something goes wrong with the car, you are not able to control that but then again you could be blamed for something you had no control over of, the fact that these cars are driverless but your still behind the wheel. It says that the combination of all this input is necessary for the driverless car to mimic the skill of a human at the wheel. It's also proven that further improvements in sensors and compuuter hardware and even software to make driving safer are also leading cars that can handle more and more tasks on their own. Driverless cars are not fully 100% ready for the new world only because it lets us know that these cars plan to have driven themselves by 2020, this is related to Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan.

In addition, what if the technology fail on its behalf and someone gets injured, who is at fault, the manufacture or the driver? It tells us that automakers are still continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved and thought throughly. This is something to think about because the fact that these cars are not original, they are opperated by computers there isn't a guarntee that these cars are the safetest, because this is a big concern. If something tends to go wrong I strongly believe the driver should take over and opperate the car themselves. Malfunction can occur to the device and instantly turn off or shut down so that's when it is best for the driver to always pay attention and make sure that they are in the right safety care.

Last but not least, drivers must stay on task and focused. Manufactures are also considering using cameras to watch the that drivers are remaining focused on the roads. Did you know while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver? Only for safety reasons through. I highly doubt these companies would want a bad reputation on the line for the driverless cars.

In conclusion, I do believe you can imagine life less at risk by the help of these cars. I think that these cars would play a big helping part in modern times as well. We still time to think out the process of these cars and how they would properly function. Only safe car has a human driver in control at all times, they seem to be proven safe.