The 'Face' on Mars is a natural landform, not an alien structure NASA is keeping a secret. Many of the top scientists at NASA wish it was an alien structure. There have been multiple photographs that show no hieroglyphics or signs of alien life. Some of the people on the mission said that it reminds them of landforms on earth. Mars' Face is just a natural landform.

Many of the top scientists at NASA wish it was an alien structure. NASA's funding for projects is dwendeling fast, an alien structure on Mars would be huge for them. Why would NASA lie if there really was life on Mars? They wanted the Face to be an alien form as much as everyone else did.

NASA wouldn't lie about there being life on Mars, if there was they would have funding.

There have been multiple photographs that show no hieroglyphics or signs of alien life. In 1967 the Viking 1 photographed the Face on Mars, 18 years after the mission it was photographed agian. In April of 1998 Jim Garvin photographed the face, "a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos." that photo revealed a natural landform. When the photo was asked to be retaken on a clear summer day, it again showed a natural landform. All the new photos point to the Mars' Face being a natural landform.

Some of the people on the mission said that it reminds them of landforms on earth. Jim Garvin, cheif scientist for NASA's Mars Exploration Program found that the Face on Mars was the equivilant of a butte or mesa on earth. Buttes or mesas are common around the American west. Garvin even said that "It remeinds me most of Middle Buttle in the Snake River Plain of Idaho," The team that Garvin led to take the picture in 2001 agree that it is a natural landform.

Mars' Face is just a natural landform. NASA wouldn't lie about there being life on Mars, if there was they would have funding. All the new photos point to the Mars Face being a natural landform. The team that Garvin led to take the picture in 2001 agree, it is a natural landform. The people at NASA, top scientists, have all agreed that the Face on Mar's is just a natural landform.