Extracurricular is a right, a choice in what us students get to do or don't. Not a mandatory rule the school forces upon us. I believe that every student should not be forced to do a extracurricular activity.

I think students should get to choose if they do work sports or put effort into clubs. They shouldn't be forced around by rules to do things. I disagree on mandatory extracurricular activities.

Extracurricular actives are extra time added to the already long school day. Students work for a total of 6 hours and 40 minutes a day and the addition of the homework and projects with averages up to about 8 to 9 hours and day, we focus on school work. We don't need more time added to our already long and stressful day. Some students have a lot of other things going on in their personal lives outside of school. So forcing student to stay after to do dance, sports, clubs, art is a waste of time, materials, and money. Paying for the equipment to do sports, paying the teachers and janitors for staying after school hours, materials needed for the clubs. Making kids do extracurricular activities creates a ripple effect, affecting the the whole school, it being money or on people.

Another reason is that the school doesn't provide to the students in what they are interested in. So being forced into an club or group that you are not fond of, it will only discourage them and unmotivated the student not to try there best. If a student doesn't find the actives interesting and entertaining they wont care and they should get to decided if they get to put work and effort into a curtain activity. But having 1000 plus kids in about a few activities will make the some of the activities more crowed and more packed. And the teacher to kids ratio won't work out, 1 teacher with 50 kids. That sounds like a not of work for the teacher. But imagine the buses and the parents in the cars that came to pick the kids up. The bus is gonna be stuffed with kids and the kiss and ride line is gonna be extremely long. And picture the traffic in front of Generic_School, all of the cars and all of the buses trying to get to their locations.

In the end I believe extracurricular actives shouldn't be forced but more encourage. Schools should know that students are busy, that students are not interested in the same things, and to be aware of the ripple effect caused by making extracurricular activities mandatory.

But more importantly the student should be the ones who get a say in what they would like to do or not to do after school and be the ones who choose to stay for the actives. 