Driverless cars could have a very postive impact on the world today. They could be much saver than having humans drivers. Since 2009, there has been cars that could drive independently. Google is the main employer of driverless cars. Driverless cars use sensors to detect traffic, or cars around them. Driverless cars could have a positive impact on the world through less accidents, and provide more safety to the community as a whole.

Driverless cars are much saver than human driven cars. There would be no fear of drunk driving, or texting while driving. Driverless cars would get drunk people home safely and you would be able to text in the car without the fear of an accident. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents." This quote shows what driverless cars can do without someone working the wheel. Some sources say that the safest car is one with a human driver in control at all times. I disagree with this opinion because human's can be very dangerous at times. Driverless cars would restrict speeding, and cause many less accidents with their advanced techonology.

If many of these companies thought that Driverless cars would be hurtful, why would they make them? If Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Nissan all think that this would be positive, than we should too. There are many laws that protect the safety of drivers, passengers and pedenstrians. Driverless cars are designed to protect these people. Also, no company will release these cars for sale until they are one hundred percent certain they are safe. "Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash." This quote shows the progress google has already had on this subject. This happened in 2009, so I believe that in future years there could be a time where there are no accidents.

Driverless cars are already in motion. They are safer, and more reliable than human driven cars. These cars use sensors to help them see where things are around them. In the past, these driverless cars are not completly driverless. If there is bad traffic, or construction, they needed driver assistance. In the future, there will be cars that can move past all of this. Also, they will benefit the enviroment because they would only use half of the fuel used in today's cars. This is why driverless cars would be beneficial to the world today.   