When someone is having a hard time making a decision they might reach out to other people. Those people might have different opinions on your question which can be a very helpful thing to any person. Seeking advice or opinions from multiple people can be helpful because they can be more wise than you, people might have been in your shoes before and asked the same question, and you will be more confident in your decision from being informed by other people's opinions. This can be very beneficial for when you don't know what the better decision is best for you.

My first reason on why this is a good method is people can be wiser than you. People older than you can be very wise and more mature than you. With them being very wise their opinions can lead to you making the right decision. Their advice can also teach you life lessons that will stick with you. They can also reflect off of things that have happened in their past which can also give you advice as well. Wise people might be your parents, grandparents, aunts, and uncles. People that are wise are a good source for people to ask advice from.

My second reason why seeking multiple opinions is helpful is that some people might have been in the same shoes as you and wanted the same type of advice. These people may also give good advice because they asked for the same type of advice. They could tell you what is true and what is not and could tell you their opinion from the experience he or she went through after their decision. This can also narrow down your decision quickly from knowing the person's experience. People who asked for the same type of advice and opinions can give you good advice from how their own experience.

My final reason is that you will be more confident in your decision from seeking multiple opinions from other people. Using just your own advice to make a decision might not make you feel very confident. You could start second guessing yourself about it or get nervous because you think you made the wrong decision. By talking to other people and getting their opinion makes you feel more confident because multiple people have given you advice that supports your decision. You wanna be confident in your decision because you don't want to feel down about it and think so negatively when you could talk to other people and get advice.

In conclusion seeking multiple opinions can help make a better decision because people can be wiser than you and are more mature, some people might have asked for the same advice and give advice from their experience, and you feel more confident in your answer with multiple people giving you advice that supports your choice. These are reasons can help people make better decisions for them and the people around them. Using other people can helps you in either telling you what is the right decision to make or support you on how you chose the right decision. 