All students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity. What would you say if your principal told you this. Well, I would agree with him. It may seem unreasonable at first, but there are many benefits to participating. Extracurricular activities don't have to just be sports, they could differ from clubs such as: chess club, yearbook club, art club, or any other club there is. Participating in an extracurricular activity is important because it gives you a chance to make new friends, to try something new, or simply to just get away from the house.

I believe that taking part in an extracurricular activity is good for making friends. I say this because some people don't get the chance to make friends as well as other people might. It can be really difficult for someone to create friendships out of thin air. That is why joining a club is a great way to make friends. For example, if you don't know how to start talking to someone, a club is a great way to do it because now you know one thing that they like. From there you could learn more things that y'all have in common. Next thing you know you two are best friends.

Another good reason that participating in extracurricular activities is important is how it is a way to try something new. This can be great because you may only like doing art but then you join the chess club and now you love chess too. One time, I had joined the soccer team but had only ever played softball. I wasn't sure if I would like it as much as softball. Yet, once I joined the soccer team, I realized that I am good at both soccer and softball and love them equally. For example, if you aren't the best at art but you still want to join the club then you can improve your skill and try different art techniques you had never thought of before.

One more reason taking part in extracurricular activities is that you have more time away from your house. This is great because normally, these activities take place after school hours so you stay at school longer. If, for any reason, you wanted to get away from your home then this is a great way to do it. For example, my parents had been fighting for over a month about little things, and I got tired of hearing it. My solution was to join the soccer team. Once I did, I felt much better because my parents had time to work their problems out and it gave me time to get away from them.

In conclusion, making new friends, trying something new, and getting out of the house are all ways that participating in extracurricular activities are beneficial. Taking part in these activities is a great way to make new friends. Participating in extracurricular activities is a good way to try something new that you aren't exactly sure of yet. Participating is also good for getting out of the house and away from your parents. These are just some of the many advantages to participating.