In today's day and age, as technology grows more and more sophisticated, the likelihood of someone owning both a car and a cellphone gets higher as the years progress, cell phones can be used for just about everything such as texting, talking, playing games, and such forth. Sadly, people are choosing to be on their phones while they are driving. Not only is this decision incredibly dull, for you could injure yourself but others as well, but there are many reasons why using a cell phone while driving is dangerous,

One of the biggest reasons why using your cellphone while driving is dangerous is that texting and driving not only puts you in danger but will put all the drivers sharing the road with you at risk, too, because you are unable to navigate the road while looking down at the phone in your lap. Did you know "that an estimated 1.5 million car accidents in the U.S. in 2018 according to the National Safety Council? The U.S. Department of Transportation reported that cell phone use while driving kills 3-000 to 6,000 people every year"(Center and Statistics, 2020) in Georgia alone. Texting and driving make you twenty-three percent more likely to be involved in an accident. Also, "texting while driving will delay your reaction time more than when you are under the influence" (Center and Statistics, 2020)

If you simply cannot resist the urge to check your text messages (or to simply be on your phone) while driving, take the time to pull off of the roadway and park your vehicle before picking up your cell phone.

Today, the majority of humans own and operate cell phones on a daily basis.

In essay form, explain if drivers should or should not be able to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

Quality essays will consist of an introduction, thesis statement, distinct body paragraphs, smooth transitions, and a sound conclusion.

Adhere to the standards of formal English - free of grammar and mechanical errors (proofread well).

Finally, be certain that the writing is entirely your own words.         