One reason, I think is benefits to students have the option to attend classes from their home because that way they can have more time, think more clearly the ideas of their work. Many students would like to take their classes from their home because they cam relax more. However, is a good opportunity to have that option because students can finish they High School and have a motivation to process or do different things. They can do all the things what they propose to do when they graduate from school, they can have the option to go to college or the university to complete their carer.

Another reason, almost all students work when they are in High School and they do not get on time to attend school. Is benefit to them to take the classes from their home, the students can relax more and do their work on time. For example, I would like to take my classes from my home because I work and sometimes I do not had time to finish my homework and all my assignment from my others classes. Others benefits for take classes from your home is you can have more time with your family because some family they work at night and you can't see them. In fact,there are many reason that benefits students to take classes from their home, they can take their time to do the work good and be successful for what they done from their own. Students can learn to do the things by them self. They can have an open mind to understand what are they doing. In other words, school help to prepare for your future that is why is good to finish your education because that helped you to understand what is good and what is bad for you, what you can do or stop to do with your life.

Finally, is a good offer and compression of school to give that option to the students. Although, they understand that some students do not have the opportunity to attend school for some reason or some economic problems that they have it. Also, people can accomplishment all their goals to having good education and having the support of their family and from the school too. Even though, students can be more prepared, and have a good life to comply their dreams. They can have bigger opportunity of works with they High School Diploma .A high school diploma and good grade help students to go to a good college and be completely prepared to work in what they want because in many work need people to have experience and who finish high school and college to be accepted in some work. There many good work that many students would be like to have it and with their preparation they can have the work.

In conclusion, students are benefit with having the option of taking the classes at home, because they have the opportunity to finish the high school and go to the college to finish their carer. Students can use their experience to have a good work with all what they learn from their classes. They can be prepared to they future and a good life. They can find any work in anywhere with their high and college diploma. They can exploit the education that they take to be a good person in life and be confident for what they done with all they effort and dedication. 