Limiting Car Usage

Limiting car usage is a very good idea. It can save a lot of money, keep pollution from happening,and keep people safe. If more people tend to save money because of cars, then they can buy more stuff. If more people save the enviornment people can have fresh air to breath in. Multiple resources have been found to support the idea that limiting car use can save a lot of money and make the enviornment safer.

For example, "In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, it states that "As a result of buying a parking space for $40,000, 70 percent of Vauban's families do not own cars, and 57 percent sold a car to move here. When I had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier this way," said Heidrun Walter." This quote explains the troubles and tension that one has to deal with when having a car. "In previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport." When Vauban, Germany had cars, their bill went up higher for highways instead of other transports. People should start to use other means of transport instead of cars.

In "Paris bans driving due to smog" by Robert Duffer, Robert helps explain the reason why driving should be banned. "Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." Paris is very smart to do that, because cars create pollution. The way that they partially banned driving is that "Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." Atleast paris partially protected the eviornment instead of the whole enviornment having to be in pollution.

In "The End of Car Culture" by Elisabeth Rosenthal, the author supports the idea of limiting car usage for the concern of safety. Safety is a really important thing in life. Cars can limit the danger of getting in a car accident. "He proposed partnering with the telecommunications industry to create cities in which pedistrians, bicycle, private cars, commercial and public transportation traffic are woven into a connected network to save time, conserve resources, lower emissions, and improve safety." If people did not have cars, then nobody would have to worry about accidents and their safety.

In conclusion, limiting driving and the usage of cars can improve the world. It can make it a safer enviornment, safe money, and stop pollution. These evidences from the excerpts can prove that limiting car usage is a really good idea.                        