The use of the new technology, the Facial Action Coding System, to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom, is not valuable. It should be used exclusively for educational purposes and to help students gain knowledge on their studies in school.

This new computer software that can detect emotions should not be used on students, but on other material. Although I do not believe this is a valuable system to use on people, I believe it is valuable for people to use for educational purposes. For example, if students are examining a piece of artwork in art class and need to examine, or would like to determine, the true expression of a person's face in the artwork, this system could be used for that. If students wanted to go more in-depth and figure out specific percentages for each of the person in the painting's expressions, they could also use this system. The text reads, "She’s 83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry." This was figured out by using the Facial Action Coding System on the painting of Mona Lisa, which determined careful, specific percentages of each of her emotions shown in her portrait, all within her neutral facial expression. I believe this system should be used in the classroom, exclusively for students' education and for examining certain material, such as artwork.

I believe there are better, more educational uses for the Facial Action Coding System than to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom. This system could be used for students interested in, or participating in, a technology class. The text reads, "Using video imagery, the new emotion-recognition software tracks these facial movements—in a real face or in the painted face of Mona Lisa." The video imagery would be incredibly valuable to a student working with technology as a way to capture careful movements and detect emotions of artwork or another educational source. The text also reads, "The process begins when the computer constructs a 3-D computer model of the face; all 44 major muscles in the model must move like human muscles." I believe students, especially ones working with technology, should be able to use this system, as it would be a valuable tool to use if they were to examine or study this process. It is important that this system is used correctly; to help students with their education and expand their knowledge on subjects in school, such as technology.

I do not believe the use of the Facial Action Coding System is valuable for detecting students' emotional expressions. It has better uses, such as for close examinations of artwork, research, and statistics. I feel as if students do not need a system to "de-code" our emotions, as students are typically able to fully express theirs on their own. Although it may be difficult to detect certain emotions of a student and encourage them to fully express them, I feel it is necessary to keep it that way, in respect for the student. The text reads, "classified six basic emotions—happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness" which I firmly believe is not useful, nor valuable. Typically, those six basic emotions are easiIy detected by humans and do not require a computer system. I do not believe a computer software system should determine students' emotions, let alone any humans', unless they would personally like to use it. I think of the Facial Action Coding System as more or a toy, if it is used to detect human's expressions rather than an educational material's expressions, such as a piece of artwork.

The use of the Facial Action Coding System to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable. This system should be used for educational purposes, whether it is used for close examination of a person in an artworks' expression, or for research or statistics in technology. 