Some may argue that teacher-design projects are the best way for students to continues to learn during their break, but summer projects should be student-designed because of these three reasons: it allows the students creativity to flow through their projects, when allowed to chose what they want to do, students work better on projects; because learning should be fun, students tend to enjoy the work they're given when allowed to do it their own way.

As children, our imagination tends to run wild, hence the crazy colorful drawings we bring home from kindergarten, or the weird concoctions we put together in our make believe kitchen; But as we get older we tend to lose that, weather it may be through age or other things, our imagination isn't as it was when we were younger. When given free will to do whatever we want on a project, students get to tap into that wild imagination we have locked away somewhere in our brain, a creativity that we don't get to use as often as we could. some of this is due to having teachers decide on what or how we should do our work. At times we are given a sheet of paper that tells us how and what our project should look like; because of this our creativity has no space in the box that we are forced to fit into. If given a chance to choose, more often than not, not only teachers, but our peers and our parents get to see what its kind of like inside our brains. Through our creativity you can learn what the person behind the creativity is like.

When a student is given free will over a task given, it is a high probability that they will do their best to make the project amazing. In many cases student do better on any sort of assignment when given the chance to choose how they want to complete said assignment. One of the best feeling a student has is having a peace of mind knowing that they turned in an project that they did their best and worked hard on, and knowing that their hard work payed off. Through this, students learn to do their best in anything that they do, no matter it being school work or work outside of school. My Dad would always say "Your school is like your second home, what you learn at home is what you will apply and use in the real world." Giving the chance to students, if the summer projects were to be student-designed, students will work better and harder on it than if they were teacher-designed.

As I stated previously, learning should be fun. it is human nature to want and to enjoy presenting a project that we've worked extra hard on to our peers and our teachers. Being able to do what we want when it come to projects is enjoyable for the students and the teacher. People work better when they enjoy the task given to them. Using our creativity on a certain subject makes the learning experience enjoyable. The process in which we go through creating projects should be enjoyable. From the planing to the reaserch to assembling the the project, every step it takes can be a fun learning experience, if given the chance.

As we grow up we get lesser chances of using our creativity. Having teacher-designed projects, most of the time, hinders our creativity from coming through our work. Student-designed projects will give the student a chance to show their creativity, and through this they will work better on their project, which will then make it a fun learning experience not only for them but for their peers and even their teachers.        