Greetings Mr. State Senator,

Looking over the Electoral College, there has come to be a few intresting details. Yes, the process is beautifuly thought out but as we look at it deeper it has its flaws. The founding fathers have given us the Electoral College, which anarchist are very unapreciative veiwing it as a non-democratic way to vote.

If the Electoral College system goes, then Americans can have their full Constitutional rights. Using this process voters are not voting for the elector of their choice, voters are voting on higher qualified voters to vote for the elector. The whole process is a violator of the amendment entitled to voting. Having this maze of voting for voters, what if a voter confuses of who the elector is voting for so their vote isint actually going to the canidate of their choice. In 1960 before the election of John F. Kennedy, the segregationists of the Louisiana legislator came very close to replacing all of the Democratic electors with electors who opposed John F. Kennedy. So all the voters in favor of JFK. will be voting agaist him and all the Electoral College votes would be going to the other canidate.

As Bradford Plumer says in an excerpt from:

The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defences are wrong

, "At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters." Plumer makes a very valid point beacuse of the size of states. The electoral College's number of representatives are as big as their states population. So if all of the representatives in Alaska vote on the Republican canidate, and most of the people in California vote for the Democratic canidate, the Electoral College vote in California overules the vote in Alaska.

The Electoral College can make some voters not want to vote, usually because of their state size their vote doesnt count as much. Many voters in larger states refuse to vote because their vote wont really change the Electoral Collage's vote. The voters don't have total control over an elector, so the whole election crisis could happen again.

In conclusion, the Electoral College may have worked when the colonies were small and the votes counted, but today the modern society doesnt appreciate its lack of Constitutional rights. All we ask is for our right to vote to be given to us, so we can take part in our government.

-Student    