Have you ever asked someone for help and they lead you the totally wrong direction? If so you may want to ask multiple people for their opinion on what you're doing. Looking for multiple of peoples advice is important because, people all have different views on certain topics and may be more educated than others, people have experienced a lot of things in life and some other people may not have, and the one person you first ask for advice from may not give good, well thought out advice.

When people see topics different ways it may lead to them to be more or less educated on the topic. For example if someone is asking for advice about if they should apply for college or not And the first person says," no you not go to college because I am doing just fine and I didnt go." And the two people say, " yes you should go to college because you will be able to get a higher paying job when you graduate and you will meet all new people." If you didnt ask for more than one persons advice you would not have went to college and that would have changed your whole life. That just showed why it is so important to seek for multiple opinions.

People also have all different experiences in life and some people will not experience something you are going through. So when you ask one person for help they may not be able to give you a good educated answer because they have not experienced anything you need help with. But if you ask a couple more people, you are bound to find someone that is able to help you.

So if you ask for more people opinions you are basically just going to get a more definite answer for yourself.

Sometimes when you just ask one person and they may have no clue what theyre talking about and may give you advice that would really mess you up. In order to prevent that from happening, the solution would be to just ask more people. Because the odds of you getting bad advice from multiple people is much lower than asking just one person and getting bad advice.

You should always ask more than one person for advice because, people may view a certain subject one way and have a bias towards it, and not all people have had the same experiences and some people may not know how to help you, and finally the one person you ask for advice may be flat out wrong about a topic. And for all those reasons you should not just ask one person for advice, and seek out for multiple opinions.