Technology seems to be becoming more and more important now. As the technology improves year by year, some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. But people have very different thoughts to this idea, then the problem comes. Would students benefit from being able to attend classes from home? Although some think students should attend classes from home, actually they shouldn't attend classes from home because students might be doing other things during the online class time. And students would get less opportunities to communicate with their friends if they attend classes from home.

Those who believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home have their reasons. They think it's much safer for students to take an online class at home. And they also believe it might be better for students to study under a quite environment.

One reason of why students shouldn't attend classes from home is that they might be doing other things during the online class time. An example of this would be my cousin, Generic_Name. He took an online class on the computer few months ago. In the beginning, he was so exciting because it was the first time for him to take a class at home. And his parents were happy to see that because it's difficult to send Generic_Name to school everyday, both of them had work to do. After a few weeks, Generic_Name got his first test grade of online study. It was much lower than the grade he used to get. I asked the reason later, he explained he was playing his cell phone during the class time and didn't pay attention. If he normally took classes in the school, I thought he would get at least a "B" in this test. He was smart,just too lazy to study. It's undeniable that online classes brought a lot of convinces to Generic_Name and his family, but it was not the best way to help him to improve his grade.

Another reason of why students shouldn't attend classes from home is that students would get less opportunities to communicate with their friends. An example of this would be my friend, Generic_Name. Although he wasn't like to talk, he had a lot of friends in the school because he was nice to everyone. But everything has changed, since he attended classes from home . We didn't see him for a long time even the class was over. His parents told us he won't come to school anymore because he hated school. If Generic_Name took classes at school like before, he would meet more friends. I can't say if it's a bad choice to attend classes from home, but at least not the way for those students who wasn't like to talk.

In conclusion, although some think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home, I believe students shouldn't attend classes from home. They should get more opportunities to communicate with their friends, and enjoy their short, but wonderful school life. 