In today's society, people have become more and more dependent on technology. It is everywhere a person goes, whether that be to school, work, and even outside. In some ways, technology is good, but in moderation. For example, it helps with communication between long distances. Although technology has shown no sign of slowing down, it has began to become unrealistic with driverless cars. Companies should not be allowed to continue to develop driverless cars because they are unrealistic, dangerous, and can bring up legal conflcts.

In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming," the author makes the driverless cars seem exciting and futuristic, when is actuality, they are unrealistic. The article states that each car needs to have sensors everywhere along the car in order for it to work. The driver also has to remain alert, which makes the car not completely "driverless." Driverless cars are also unrealistic because not everyone wants to manufacture these cars. The article explains how "it is illegal even to test computer-driven cars" ("Driverless Cars Are Coming" 9).

This explains that in order for it to work, each car in the world would have to decide whether they want to have driverless cars also and manufacture their cars with this technology. With that being said, driverless cars are unrealistic because each manufacturer would have to agree to driverless cars in order for the sensors to work.

Another disadvantage of having driverless cars is the safety reasons. Companies today still have not figured out how to prevent safety problems from happening, which is causing companies to be reluctant to produce cars without drivers. The article states, "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents" ("Driverless Cars Are Coming" 7). This explains that even with all of those sensors and the hard work put into the technology provided in a driverless car, they are still not safe. All in all, driverless cars bring up safety considerations since they will not fully be able to drive be itself.

Because driverless cars are not completely driverless, they can cause accidents to occur. In this case, it would be hard to tell if it was the cars fault for malfunctioning, or the driver's fault for not staying alert. The article states that "lawmakers know that safety is best achieved with an alert driver," hence the multiple states with laws against driverless cars. The article also states, "Still, even if traffic laws change, new laws will be needed in order to cover liability in the case of an accident. If the technology fails and someone is injured, who is at fault- the driver or the manufacturer?" ("Driverless Cars Are Coming" 9) This explains the rising legal issues that would result from continuing the development of driverless cars.

In the end, companies should not continue the development of driverless cars because they are unrealistic, result in safety problems, and cause legal issues to form. It is inevitable that technology will continue to develop into amazing wonders, but driverless cars are too unrealistic. They would require functioning sensors at all times and for every car to be driverless. Along with that, they result in safety and legal concerns is accidents occur. With that being said, companies should not continue the development of driverless cars.  