As time goes on the use of cars have greatly decreased. The car use in some places are actually limited. There's communities where stores and parks are built close enough to walk or bike to. Other places there's actually days where the use of cars are restricted and only buses or transits become the only transportation allowed on the road.

"Street parking, driveways and home garages are generally forbidden in this experiment new district..." (Rosenthal,paragraph 2). This community even forbids anything involving cars, making streets less crowded and never having to look both ways to cross the street. This is only an experiment to take this all away, to some it's punishment. As a result, 70 percent of families in this community do not own cars.

This idea of no cars has spread all over the world. "Paris enfoced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city".(Duffer, paragraph 10). This city in France is banning the use of cars to reduce the amount of smog in the air. "Diesel fuel was blamed.."(Duffer, paragraph 16). Because this city prefers diesel over gasoline, there's more pollution in the air. Therefore needing to reduce the amount of  car usage.

"In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated, took the buses to work during a car-free day..." (Selsky, paragraph 20). There's even a day for this idea just to reduce the use of cars. "These  people are generating a revolutionary change.."(Enrique Riera, Selsky, paragraph 26). Any participant of these places are supporting this idea as a positive revolution.

"recent studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by".(Rosenthal, pargagraph 29). Fewer cars are being purchased so not many people are driving. Because not a large amount of people make their legal license a priority they choose to walk or take the bus. "it will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and the environment..."(Rosenthal, paragraph 34). Limiting the use of cars is positive physically, financially, culturally, and better for the enviornment.

As time goes on the use of cars have greatly decreased. Limiting the car use is becoming a revolution taking place all over the world. Think of using a bike or a new way of transporting to work one day. This is a whole new idea of life so get ready!                                                                                                    