Many places such as Vauban, Germany have given up the usage of cars. Vauban is a gworing trend in europe and the United Sates because of the postive effects of not using cars. One of the biggest examples is polution, also the removal of cars would ultimatley lead to a finacial increase in our economy, lastly making this change positivley effects our future.

First I would like to talk about a huge problem we face as a society today and that is green house gasses. You may not think that these are a big deal put if left unchecked they caan become a huge problem. Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emisions in europe, and up to 50 percent in car-intensive areas. This can become a huge problem ranging from acid rain to climate change. An example of what polution can do to a city is in paris they are putting a partial ban on cars because of how how bad there polution is. There was a huge smog problem because green house gasses were being trapped because of hot days and cold nights.

Also this change can have amazing effects on that areas economy. Because there will be no cars people will take the bus witch is less than payinf for gas or they can walk to closer places. Also gas prices would decrease for other forms of tranpertation because there wouldnt be cars demanding the fuel. family could sell there cars and spend the money they were using to fund there car other thing witch will lead to the people being happier. Also the removal of cars will lead to teh creation of jobd because they will need people to operate public transportation.

Lastly the removal of cars will have a postive effect on the future of our world. With the track were on now the world is estimated to heat up and have negative consequences on our society. these climate changes may seem small but they can have drastic effects. in china there is a lake that is so polluted you set the top of it on fire because there is so much polutants on it. also this chang has coralation with peoples happiness. Were already started down the path of less cars, recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less adn getting fewer licenses as each year goes by.

For the following benifits is why we should stop using cars and continue with the idea of using public tranportation and walking. Cars creat polution, its better for our economy to stop the use of cars and this will poitivley effect out furute. Also one last reason for why the beifits outweigh the harms is that we have started the removal of cars all it has shown is positive effects                     