At first it might seem absurd forcing kids to participate in extracurricular activities, but it would be beneficial for the students now and later in life. This is because the activities can provide students with life long important tools. For the benefit of the students, I believe that kids should be pushed to participate in extracurricular actives. I believe this will benefits the students in a variety of ways that include making new friends, being more productive, and allowing for more success in life.

One of the main reasons that making kids participate in extracurricular activities would be beneficial to students is the fact those activities allow for new friendships to be created. This is true because most extracurricular activities allow students to talk with each other, and talking with a person is the first step towards friendship. One of the biggest issues facing teenagers is depression, but if they had a place that made them feel comfortable that would help. An extracurricular activity would be perfect to make them feel like they belong. Those friends would also most likely stay with them their entire lives.

A second reason making kids participate in extracurricular activities would be helpful is it could allow them to be more productive. This is because most extracurricular activities are only open for a small amount of time after-school, for anything fun to be accomplished they would have to be productive. Some activities like working on the yearbook, and student council have deadlines, which can teach students how or why to be productive in school. Teaching students about deadlines can also go in their future by preparing them for a college or a job.

The third main reason that making students participate in extracurricular activities is positive is it allows them to feel successful. It is important for them to feel successful because they will strive to be successful in other aspects of their lives allowing for more success that can also help them in the long term. One being if they join a good club then they can place that on their resume for college, allowing them to get a good job. On the contrary, if they didn't want to or couldn't afford college the club could go right on their resume in order for them to join the work force.

In conclusion, we should make students participate in extracurricular activities for many reasons, but the three most prominent being it will give them the chance to make friends, teach them about productivity, and will allow for success even after school has ended for them. Extracurricular activities allow for a students to create meaningful lasting friendships. They also allow for students to learn the importance of productivity for the future. The activities teach students how to be successful and why for short term and long term goals.