I think the idea of "driverless"'cars might not actually be such a bad idea. I mean what could be any better? A car you get into and it will take you wherever you desire? Driverless cars could have less accidents, save gas, and maybe even get people where they need to be quicker.

Theoretically thinking, a driverless vehicle could potentially cause a lot less trouble than a vehicle with a human driver. Sometimes, humans don't tend to make the best choices ever. Every year many people die because of drunk drivers alone. Many people also die just because some idiot decided they didn't need to pay attention, that text was just too important or than phone call may have been too important. More important than someones life of course. With driverless cars they would not have to worry about any of that, as long as they knew where they were going the car would get them there and back safely.

What's even better than a car you don't have to worry about driving? A car you don't have to worry about driving, while saving gas. According to the text, Mr Sergey Brin forsees cars that would use half the fuel that taxis use in todays world. Even if it wasnt much, if you add up everyone that rides taxis it accumulates and eventually everyones contributing to the problem. So a car that could use only half of the gas we use today, like is there any reason to say no to these cars?

Many people almost never get anywhere on time, some may have too much going on some might just not care. Whatever the case may be, what if these driverless cars could get you wherever you needed to be in the quickest way possible while not breaking the law. The driverless car could get you where you need to get by taking the quickest route possible. With all the advanced technology being promised the car could know whats ahead of it and if it will slow your trip down. For example if the car knows that up ahead is construction zone where you would have to slow down and waste time, it could just take a more efficient way and eventually save you time.

Driverless cars, hopefully soon, will no longer be a thing of the past. With technology just advancing without stopping i think soon driverless cars would just be another normal vehicle you see on the road. To me driverless cars would be an astounding idea. 