Summer projects are a thing? I feel that summer projects for extended learning isn't something a student is going to want to do. Any student who struggles in school and isn't exactly the best student aren't going to want to take their time out of their free summer to do a bunch of schoolwork. I feel that summer projects are pointless unless students wish to take a summer class, but I was asked if our summer projects should be teacher based, or student based. This question has come to stump me. I believe there are benefits in both ways of doing a summer project. For this topic I'm kind of on the fence between student based projects and teacher based projects. For teacher based projects there are many cons and pros.

Teacher based projects will get students to feel obligated in doing the work over the summer, while student based projects students may forget to do because they never felt obligated to finish or even start the project. Teacher based projects seem to be the way to go when it comes to getting things done in an easier way, but what about the teachers? The teachers will be grading the same type of projects and soon getting bored or tired of grading the same things. So when it comes to student based projects, the students can embrace all of the creativity they have and make things more bright and fun to read over. When it comes to creativeness, I believe that students feel more motivated because they can make the project fun instead of boring and stressful. There is also the fact that when projects are teacher based, students may copy others just to get the project done and get a good enough grade and the teachers wouldn't know that the student copied anything, but within all these things I have mentioned, students will understand what and how to do the projects without asking many questions and will have a certain rubric to go off of. So going off of that fact, grading will be an easier job to do and the students will go based off of all the requirements needed.

Student based projects I feel are more of entertaining and creative just because of the fact that students can be themselves and do what they want for a project and have fun while making the project. Although the creative side to things may be a good thing, there is also the fact that students may think they are doing something wrong, or they may go completely off topic into something else and mess up the whole project and not learn a thing. When students have so many questions that it just ends up stressing them out, they aren't going to want to go through with the project because they will feel scared that they havn't done anything right. When students feel wrong, they usually give up or dont try to begin with and never learn anything over the summer break.

If I had to choose a side on this question I feel like I'd be more of on the student based projects. I would choose the student based projects because some students within school are afraid to express themselves. When you can't express yourself, you dont act like yourself. and I feel its better to be yourself rather than a walking, talking robot just going through every day life because you feel obligated to do so. Being able to express yourself takes things to a whole different level of fun and happiness and its also a way that teachers can better their knowledge about how the students are, but overall I believe that both sides are equally balanced in the ways they can be beneficial. The student based projects can be a whole lot more creative while the teacher based projects can be more accurate and beneficial for genuinely learning over the summer.