Multiple studies have shown learning from home is extremely beneficial. Students receive more sleep, are one task, and there are less distractions. Most children do not obtain a full 8 hours of sleep that is recommended. Causing students to be more likely to sleep during instructional time. When students study at home it is very likely that their parents will hold them accountable for their assignments and or class work. Students tend to listen to their parents rather than a teacher, because most children see their parents as someone of authority and power. When students learn at home there are less distractions that can stray the child away from the task at hand. Overall learning from home can be very beneficial if it is done the right way, and with the right amount of strictness and regulations.

Every student can benefit from more sleep, because most do not get enough sleep as it is. Almost every school system obligates students to wake up somewhat early to attend school. Most likely students do not want to be there because they are extremely exhausted. Some students are detrimentally tired that they feel like they have no other choice but to sleep in class. That is where learning from home is beneficial, because students can attend class online or by video conferencing on their own time. It makes it convenient for students to actually complete school work. If students are well rested they are usually much more efficient than when they are sleep deprived. Students who attend school at home receive more sleep. Which results in an efficient student whose work is completed diligently.

When students learn from home they are either learning online or are video conferencing. Which makes it difficult to ignore your teacher when they are online with you. It is a bit difficult to stray away from from your task if you are learning by this method. Students would need to deliberately detach themselves from their device so they could stray away from their class work. Video conferencing is a great way to keep students on task, because they can not run away from their responsibilities if a teacher is video conferencing them. It forces the students to focus and work more diligently. Parents might also play a similar role as the teacher by holding their child accountable for missing assignments. In theory it is very easy to keep a student on task by using this method, because it supplies a scenario in which a child can not avoid class work.

Most people have a hard time focusing when their friends are around, especially when it comes to school work; The same goes for students. When children around their age are constantly talking to them or trying to play with them during instructional time it becomes an issues. The student can not focus therefor they can not learn. Resulting in the student falling behind. When the time comes for a test or a quiz the student has absolutely no idea how to complete the exam. Consequently failing the exam, and possibly end with a failing grade for the marking period. If the student began online classes there would be a less likely chance of the student failing, because they have designated times to spend playing with friends and for school work. The student still has the possibility of being distracted but the possibility has lessened because they have less room for distractions. This results in a better performance of the student for example, their grades could improve.

In conclusion attending school from home has many perks that your student could benefit from. Not every student is the same, but every student has possibly experienced negative situations that could be avoided by attending online school. Online school and video conferencing helps your child become independent, diligent, and hard working. Every student can benefit from more sleep, less distractions, and strategies that help students stay on task. Overall every student can benefit from this method in many ways; It is easy efficient and straight to the point and it puts less stress on teachers and parents.