The emotional expressions in a classrooom is valuable because many people have many different expressions. Using technology would be a good idea to tell the different types of expresions because imagine someone being really mad and you did not know. I think technology would be a good idea because they could have many different options to choose from.

For example on paragraph 3 it gives really good reasons on why technology would be good. It show that a computer can construct a 3-Dmodel face showing all 44 mucles in our face and it would move like actual human muscles. The movement of our muscles are called action units. We have would have six emotions to tell to someone and a computer could do it all by its self.

We humans may have the same expression on a daily day basis because most of the time we are not happy consedering the fact that most of our facial expressions are angry, sad , happy , surpris fear, and disgust, so this means that with just a computer you can do anything when it comes to facial expresions. Also on paragraph 4 it says that '' using video imagery'' would be really good to tell the emotions through facial movements or on a painting like Mona Lisa. A new software would be good to tell the facila emotions for example like on the masterpice of da Vinci that the expressions are compared to the natural face of a person.

This idea of computer emotional expressions would be a good one because with just a scan or a picture would be great because they wouldn't have to be asking the person what is wrong with them. I think this would be way much easy to tell wheather the person is mad, sad, or surprised this idea would work also on pictures that may not show no expressions

In my opinion i think this would cause good controversials because your emotions would simply be easy to reach like in Mona Lisa picture. Your expression can change real quick as to when your standing in the mirror or when you are really happy , sad, or mad. This would help for when a person is showing a fake smile or when a celebrity is being truthful with the camras. This would be a great idea in the future because it would help alot of photographers and scientist that want to look over a picture and tell your facial emotions such as anger, sadness, surprised , disgust, and fear. These would be part of improtant and many more facial emotions.