With the thriving success of evolving technology, there is no question as to why schools shouldn't also keep up with the time. The idea of online learning as an alternative to in-school learning is very new. This may be the start of something revolutionary that contributes to the process of learning. Therefore, schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class because it is a faster alternative, an easier way to learn, and students are able to pace themselves.

Distance learning may be a faster alternative for students who are currently enrolled in normal schools. With experience from the Generic_School Hybrid Program, there is not as much content within these virtual classes. With less work it would allow for students to complete classes faster. There would also be a lot less stress put into completing these assignments, which would allow them to complete this work at ease. Working ahead could also be another possibility. Proactive students love to complete work earlier to reduce stress that may come in the future. By working ahead, students are able to learn the material provided a lot faster; which would reduce the amount of time needed to complete a course. As time goes on, we strive to complete certain tasks at a faster speed, therefore, distance learning may be a perfect alternative.

A new way of learning may also allow certain students to learn at more ease. Certain learners may classiy themselves as visual learners; those who need to see something to learn it. With the lack of a live lesson conducted by a teacher, a visual such as a PowerPoint or video would be provided. With the presence of these factors, visual students may learn more easily at home rather than in school .Also, with the fact that there would not be other students involved in the classroom, it could eliminate the factor of distraction. For some, it is difficult to learn with others who are disruptive. Therefore, the elimination of this problem would allow students to learn without distractions, reducing their ability to learn. Students have no choice as to what they are exposed to in a classroom environment, therefore, a visual and calm environment may benefit them.

By doing these courses at home, students may be provided the opportunity to pace themselves. Teenagers have very busy lives that include sports, jobs, and chores. Therefore, by being able to pace themselves, they would learn the material but also be allowed time to do their other activities. It would be a perfect balance of school and other activities. Along with balance, students would also learn the importance of time management. They would need to reserve time in order to complete these assignments in a timely manner. Time management is a skill that may benefit those who may acquire certain jobs in the future. Allowing one to pace them self would help them learn the skill of time-management and how to balance their lives with school

With the advancing times, virtual school has become a possibility for a few students around the world. If one had problems in a normal school facility, online school should be a possibility to consider. These problems which a lot of students suffer from include distractions, time consumption, and difficulty learning. Therefore, the choice of enrolling in distance learning options should be offered at schools because they are a faster alternative, an easier way to learn, and they allow students to pace themselves.