Can less driving or having no car at all help you and the Earth? In this eassy it will review how an experiment in Germany and many other plasces are trying to have car-free cites. Also how in Paris, France they try to ban cars because of so much smog and air pollution. Last it will review, car-free day in Bogota, Colombia.

In Germany on the out skirts of Freibury, there was an experiment for a community to have less cars. Many people who moved there said that it changed their lives in a very good way. Many people sold their car just so that they could have enough money to buy a house in the car-free strees of Vauban. Only very few people have a car because you have to buy a $40,000 car garage to keep your car. As a result of the really high price, 70% of people dont own a car, which is helping the pollution rate go down. The community is home to over 5,500 car-less people. Finally, some other countries have even deicided to take on this action to help the pollution rate go down.

Next, in Paris, France on a Monday Paris enfored a partial driving ban in order to help smog and/or pollution rates go down. People who were caught driving were given a 22-eurofine ($31 US), which then unfortunatly almost 4,000 people were fined the ticket. Even almost about 30 people had their car impounded for having a bad reaction over the small fine. On the good side, the traffic was down 60% in Paris. They kept blaming diesel engines becase about 67% of vehicles in France are diesel. Finally, due to giving free public transit, they did the parcial ban the next day.

Bogota, Colombia starts a car-free day, that even spreads to other countries. During the car-free day, millions of people hicked, biked, skated or even took the pubic bus to work. The goal of this is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog and/or pollution. On the car-free day only buses and taxies were the only ones able to drive, anyone who violated the rule was fined $25. Even a businessman said, " It's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution." The event was so great and powerful, people from other countries were comimg to celebrate too. Last, The car free day has been a major improvment since the mid-1990s, bicyle paths have been constructed and even many sidewalks have been replaced with newer ones too.

In conclusion, it is belived that the car culture is slowly coming to an end. As each year goes by less and less people are getting cars, licenses, and/or even driving much less. in America, in 2013 the number of miles driven per person was down but 9% than of 1995. Many people are now car-pooling which has a result in less cars being used to go to the same place. Last, even a study show from 2001 to 2009 young people driving decreased by 23%.    