Imagine being a smart student, but, because of personal issues is not attending classes. Your main goal is to graduate and you are willing to put in all the hard work until you receive that diploma. By being able to attend classes from home not only will you be able to study on your own time, but will also be able to do it wherever you are. Online classes will not only let you take your classes at home , but will also be more helpful since its more one on one learning. Students would benefit so much from being able to attend classes from their own homes.

There are many students that do not attend school but do want to graduate. Being able to receive your lessons from home would benefit in more students graduating. Many students would take the offer of learning from home because it is simply more earlier to attend to. The environment that schools provide for some students is not the best, therefore some students do not like attending. Online schools would make those students feel better and more relaxed while learning. They would be more focused on learning and less on the drama and the lives of others. More students will learn more without the struggle of having to physically attend school. Overall, more and more students will end up learning and graduating because of the convenience of online schools.

Being a teacher with a classroom filled with around 30 students per class is difficult. being a student in one of those classes is even worse, especially if you are confused or have any questions. Teachers can only teach so much and in so little time and sometimes will not even have the time to answer all the students questions especially not reteach lessons. That is why online school is very helpful towards students who have difficulties in learning. Not every student learns at the same pace or is able to understand everything. In online classes if a student has a question the teacher is not able to answer the student can simply uses their resources and search up the question. There of thousands of sites where they might be able to find the answer. Learning online is made easier because the lessons are usually more one on one with the students. This means that the student does not have to worry about the teacher not answering their questions and are more able to understand the material being taught to them. Online classes are usually made for your own style of learning. Online classes make it is easier for students to learn.

Having to wake up everyday for school is very difficult, especially when you spent all night studying for hours. Many students suffer from sleep deprivation and are not getting enough sleep, thus causing them to wake up late for school , or, even falling asleep in class. Something beneficial about online school is that you do not have to wake up so early in the morning, or, even get up from your bed. You can sleep in and wake up later all fresh and ready to start learning. You can also take online school on the go. If you have a long trip, you can simply take your laptop and you will be good to go. Online school is very convenient, especially to those who are busy, but still want to receive their diploma. It also makes it easier to study and have a life of your own. Unlike public schools, online schools provide convenience from your own home.

Online classes will provide help for both students that are having difficulties in their classes and students that just can not make it to school. Having online schools will increase in students learning and graduating. It will also be easier for students to carry around with and focus on. Having online schools will overall benefit all students.           