The electoral collage should be disbanded.  Not only is it unfair to minority party voters, but it also is unreliable.

The electoral collage consists of people voting for an elector, which in turn votes for a presedent.  This may sound like a good idea, but in reality, it over-complecated and scrambles things. This has lead to a less wanted canidate able to win the election. During 2000, presidential canidate Al Gore recieved the popular vote, but not the precidency, due to the proccess of voting for the electors, rather than the presedents.  This led to Al Gore recieving 266 electoral votes, and George W. Bush winning 271, therefore electing a less popular president. Not only that, but the ellectors being voted for may not even vote for the canidate they say they will.

The winner-takes-all strategy was placed to reduce the chance of ties and have the canidates focus on taking over the swing-state votes, but an unintended consequence was the reduction of voting from minory party votes, for example, when a Democrat in Texas or a Republican in New York votes, they hardly get any say, and therefore may stop voting.  A popular vote for presidency would allieviate this problem and make it able for anyone from a state to have an equal voice in the state.

Popular vote would lead to members of different states having the same amount of power, while the electoral collage leads to unequal representation.  Because of the Senate's two representitives per state, people in less populous states have more power.  For example, California has 2 Senate representitives and 35 million voters, and Wyoming, with a much smaller population, has the same amount of representitives in the Senate, leading to a Wyoming resident having much more than a Californian one.

All in all, the ellectoral collage is a bad idea.  Not only does it ensure inequallity, but it also leads to inaccurate voting and discrimination against a voter who votes for a  minority statewide canidate.  To trully be fair to all voters, the popular vote method should be implemented to resolve all the problems.    