"An opinion can act like a guiding hand in a dark tunnel," said Generic_Name. Sometimes we find ourselves in situations where we have no idea what to do. Whether to take a right or a left or take one job over another. The decisions we make effect how we live for the rest of our lives. So, it is important that we make our decisions with careful thought, and when we need help with our decisions that we reach out to the people we trust for guidance. I believe that seeking multiple opinions can help us make better decisions because some people are wiser than others, some people know you better, and because some people have really strong opinions for or against something without considering what is best for you.

First, wiser people who have had to make difficult decisions might give better advice rather than someone who has had a perfect life. Adults and elders are a great example of that because they have had to make serious and difficult decisions that have shaped them into who they are today. They have lived through so many of the struggles we go through and they understand the emotions and fear that contribute to our decision making. Those adults and elders have more than likely had to make the same exact decision that we are struggling to make, so they can use past experiences to lead us in the right direction.

Other people might know you better, and regardless of the situation they do what is best for you. Those are the people I listen to most, because they know you and know what you should do based off of who you are as a person. Right now I am facing a difficult decision of choosing between my friends, who have been fake recently, or a boy, who can never seem to make up his mind. I have asked so many different people for advice on what I should do, and the opinion that suck out the most was the one of my closest friends. She told me that I needed to follow my heart and do what I thought was best regardless of what other people thought I should do. No matter what I do in this situation I'm losing a big part of me and the people that have made me who I am, but it's relieving to know that the people who know what type of person I am support me in whatever decision I make.

Lastly, we sometimes listen to those who have a strong opinion for or against something without even considering what is best for you. Those people are very selfish, and if we aren't careful we will listen to them. In my boy vs. friends situation I have asked these type of people whose opinions are so strong, rather it's what is best for me or not. They're so for one side and their opinions are so strong it seems like they know they are talking about. They often times have very good arguments on why they think what they think and what they are saying might be true. However, it isn't always what I need to hear or what is best for me and my life.

That is why seeking all these different opinions can help us make the best decision. Some people have very good arguments while others just know us better. If we only listened to one person our whole life when it came to decision making our life would turn into theirs and we would practically be living the life they want to live. I especially don't want someone to be living through me and controlling my life through different mind games. It is important that we listen to what others have told us, but we form our own opinions and do what we think is best for us. The decision that we make for ourselves will most likely be the best decision.