Dear Principal ,

I think the school cell phone policy should be (policy 2 ) , "Do not allow students to have phones at all ". I think this because a lot of things can happen if students do use their phones during school. Things can happen like cheating , bullying , & other kinds of things. I think i would like to bring my phone to school and text but we have to think about the other side , the " what if " . Here are some examples why the school cell phone policy should be policy 2 .

If you let students bring phones to school , maybe one of the students didn't study for a test he's spouse to take . So when he's taking a test , he texts another student who may give him the answers. This is called ofcorse , cheating. If this students cheats , he will not learn anything & he's not only cheating on the test he's cheating himself. Also if he does it then he might get other people in the class to do it to .

Bullying is a big deal at schools. Perhaps someone has a phone with a camera on it , & this person is near someone that they don't like or that they just want to "play around with them". So this person takes a picture of him\her and puts it in the internet and writes nasty stuff with it too. The picture can be of this person in gym ,changing or even at lunch eating. Not only can this person take pictures of other students . They can take pictures of staff members or anyone in the school. This will not make our school look good in any way. I learned when ever you post a picture on the internet it never goes away.

I think letting students use the phone will make a distraction to their education. It can distract them for studying which means bad grade on a test. They can be to attach to their phone and not care about anything else that is going on. A

And finally it can start drama. Teens hate drama , they try to avoid it a lot or some other teens may like to start it also but if someone student has their phone and starts texting her friend and gossips about someone else in her class, says something nasty and mean. This can cause a lot of drama , which can involve the school & even the police.

There's many ways having a cell phone at school may be a problem . I'm not going to lie it may be fun to be able to use your phone , but some people are not responsible enough. I think not having a phone in school , well not using your phone is school would be the best idea.

Thank you for taking your time to read this letter. I hope my opinion helps.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME.