Exploring a new planet always has pros and cons. The Idea of Sudying Venus might be scary and new, but why cant that idea be a good feeling? The worst thing that could happen to us is we have to spend more money on another mission, and try again. Studying Venus is worth pursuing, because Venus is the closest planet to earth, Venus used to have oceans on it's surface, and

Venus is the most earth like planet in our solar system.

Venus is the closest planet to Earth. "Venus is simple to see in the distant but safe vantage point from Earth, It has proved a very challenging place to examine more closely"(1). This tells us that for a planet so close to us, we know nothing about it, and that he dont have a clue what we could do to study it. Venus has a thick and deadly atmostsphere,it is made up of 97 percent carbon dioxide and the clouds are made of acid This makes exploring very difficult to do. With some tweks to the rovers, or shuttles we could explore this unlown planet, and we could end our ceriosity.

Venus used to have oceans on it's surface. From the information that the author gave us on this subject we can tell that Venus may have been hapitable by life in the past but now it can not. But that answers the question for us that we might be the only life. If we go and study Venus the possiblitys are amazing for us.

Venus is the most earth like planet in our solar system. This is a great point made by the author, they really explained in depth how important it can be to study this mysterious planet. and it is worth exploring due to the three ideas that: Venus used to have oceans on it's surface, and Venus is the most earth like planet in our solar system.

Studying Venus has more pros than cons. Even though it will be a challenge, Striving to go and research/study Venus has its value. So mush intel will be gained on Venus, explaining its mystories; but "also human curiosity will likly lead us to equality"(8). This will be our chance to prosper as a people, and grow as a race. Venus is worth the money, and worth the journey.  