All students dislike getting up early for a long school day every weekday. Many wish that they could stay in bed all day. But that is not a reality. Students would not benefit through online schooling because it doesn't prepare them for the real world, they don't learn as much, and it could potentially be bad for their health.

Online schooling doesn't provide kids with the face to face interactions that they need in order to learn normal social skills. If they are stuck behind a computer all day, they are alone with no real interaction. It also doesn't teach students how to get up at a reasonable time to start their days. They get up as they please and could have trouble learning time management. People use time management every day, and with online school they aren't ever going to learn it.

Secondly, students can be dishonest when completing assignments. A lot of students don't care about the learning aspect, but about the grade. They only care about the grade because that's what their parents care about. Students will do anything to get an "A", so that their parents are proud. Many students will cheat on assignments in order to fulfill their parents expectations. It makes it very easy for a student to cheat with no supervision from a teacher. The student learns nothing by cheating and taking the easy way out. With the rise in technology, many students have two or three different devices which makes it very easy for them to cheat.

Lastly, sitting at home for online classes could be very harmful to the students health. With the amount of obesity in the world, the last thing we want is for more kids to be sitting at home taking online courses instead of being at a conventional school. Many online programs have no sports teams, giving kids almost no way to get exercise throughout the day, which is needed in order to live a healthy life. Obesity isn't the only way that online school can harm students' health. It is incredibly bad for your eyes to be looking at a screen for seven hours. Students need a break from screens when at school.

Many people might make the argument that online school is cheaper as a whole, ultimately making it a better option. Although it may be cheaper for counties, we shouldn't take the cheaper route when we're talking about the future of our country. These students will be the future of America, and we need them to be knowledgeable and healthy men and women.

In conclusion, online school would hurt students more than it would help them. Students need interaction with other students even if it is for brief moments throughout the day. Conventional school also provides students with a healthy learning environment that can prepare them for success. Online school won't prepare students for their future, they are less likely to learn, and it is unhealthy.