Everyone seeks advice, whether it be from friends, family, or even strangers, but how does getting this advice from a variety of people benefit someone and their choice? When a person is lost for what to do, they may seek guidance from people they trust. Advice is an important part of our lives and can greatly affect our decision-making process. This is because if a person trusts another person, they will likely trust what they say as well and take it to heart. When making a decision, getting the opinions of multiple people will likely improve that decision because you are gathering advice that comes from a multitude of different experiences and backgrounds, and seeking multiple opinions will prevent quite a bit of bias.

A choice is benefited by getting advice from multiple people because every person has a different background, thought-process, perspective, and their own experiences. This is because these experiences could have been similar to the one a person needs advice for. That person would have been through that situation before, so they'd know how to handle it. They could know the consequences and benefits in a side of that choice and tell them to the person making the choice, allowing them to weigh these benefits and consequences in order to make their decision. A person's background may shape their perspective on things to be different than another person's. Seeking advice from someone with a different perspective than yourself could open your eyes to something that you hadn't thought of or realized prior to receiving their advice. Also, a person seeking advice may be a more emotional thinker, but the situation that they need advice for doesn't suit the thought-process of a more emotional person, so they could seek the advice of someone with a different thought-process that fits giving advice on the situation better.

Talking to multiple people for advice will also prevent a large quantity of bias. The people that are being asked for advice may not be a part of the situation, thus giving them a clearer head when discussing the problem and giving their opinion. If parts of a decision are largely agreed upon, then they are likely no longer made from nearly as much bias because the people giving advice all have their own unique beliefs and ideas, yet all agree on those things. If a person were to seek advice from both a friend and someone they're just on good terms with, they will be able to pick out the bias while also picking up the similarities between the two opinions, thus giving the person a better idea of what to do. This is because a person can have bias coming from their relationship with the person needing advice. If they like the person, their opinion on a choice will likely be more optimistic and uplifting towards them, but their opinion could be a bit unrealistic or skewed in favor of the person because of this. If a person were to dislike a person seeking advice, they may be more pessimistic and unsupportive towards the person, which could mean their opinion could go the other way and be a bit skewed against the person. So, by seeking opinions from both of these, a neutral perspective, or just people with more positive or negative views on things, a person making a choice can have much more information and views to go off of when they make it.

Whether it be to remove bias from an issue or to gain the knowledge and perspectives of a multitude of backgrounds, it is clear that seeking multiple opinions helps a person in making a better choice. Things that are largely agreed upon will likely contain less bias, so seeking advice from multiple people will reduce the bias coming from someone's involvement in a situation or their relationship to the person needing advice. Less bias will allow for a more clearheaded choice. A multitude of perspectives and backgrounds allows many differing opinions on a subject, and some people may be more suited to giving advice on a situation because of their thought-process or past experiences. This makes the advice more reliable to follow.