The Electoral College should get changed to election by popular vote for the president of the United State. Because the voter's vote are not for the presidents, instead they are actually for the slate electors. Which then go and vote for the president. Which isnt fair becuase for all we know, the state legislatures choose the electors that could go againts the will of people. Also because of the "winner take all system in each state."

First of all the voter's votes aren't voting ofr the president, they are technally voteing for the slate electors. For example, you think you voted for the president. when actually you hav voted for 34 electors pledged to that president. You won't know who those electors are,  and sometimes "the voters get confused about the electors and accidently vote for the wrong candidate".

Another thing that could happen is that the state legislatures can choose electors that can go againts with what the people choose. Like for example, "Back in 1960, segregationists in Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy". Also they can completely refuse to vote for their party's candidate and go and vote for who ever they want. Which wouldn't be fair to the people who thought they voted for the candidate. But in reality they voted for a party of electors that can go againts the party's candidate and vote for whomever they please.

The "winner take all system" is aslo unfair. because some candidates go to certain states where they know they have a chance of winning. But completely ignore other states that they know they won't have a chance in winning. Like for example, " During the 2000 campaign, atleast 17 states didnt get to see the candidates at all. Also 25 of the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad".

So in conclusion, The Electoral College shoud get changed to election by popular vote for the president of the United States. Because The voters vote aren't really voteing for the candidate. They are actually voteing for the party of electors for the candidate. But those electors can refuse to vote for the candidate and vote for anybody else. (Which woudn't be fair to the voter). And finally becuase the "winner takes all system isnt' fair".                  