I believe that we, the people, should elect our presidens by popular vote. Altough all 48 presidents have been elected by Electoral College, I think its time for some change.

In the second source, "The Indefensible Electoral College: Why even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong" by Bradford Plumber, he states that voters vote not for the president but for a slate of eletors. These electors are just simply pledged to whom the voters vote for. The people have no control who their electors really vote for.

Now others like in our third source, "In Defense of the Electoral College: Five reasons to keep our despised method of choosing the President" written by  Richard A. Posner, believe that when we vote for that slate of electors, we can "trust" that they will vote for the president the people voted for. In my opinon, I urge you to ask yourself. Can you really trust these electors? How do we know they will vote for the president the people really want? How do we know they won't ignore our votes? How can we trust these electors? Just like what Bradford Plumber said, "Consider that state legislatures are technically resposible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people."

To some, the electoral college is unfair because of the winner-take-all system in each state. Candidates usually only go to "swing" states. "Swing" sates are states with tight races. This, if fact, is not fair at all because some states don't even get to see the candidates. In our second source, it clearly states that in he 2000 campaigne, 17 states didn't see the candidates at all.

In the third source, it states, "....Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaigne... They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters...". I completely disagee with this because what mathematial, tangible, or hard core evidense is there to physically prove that the people in toss-up sates are more thoughful that the people who aren't. I think that candidates should go to states that have more people that are the opposite party.

So with this said, I think Electoral College should be no more and we should elect our presidents by popular vote. Thank you and have a wonderful day.    