Once there was a period in my life when I was to scared to ask anyone for advice,

I was stuburn and only wanted to do things my way.

But through my expireances I now know that it is best to get advice from multiple people because well some people are older and wiser,

also someone you trust would give great advice, and finally its just good to have more than one opinion to choose from.

As you get older and go through life you get more wise and knowlageable.

When ever I need advice I tend to also ask my parents, grandparents and even friends parents.

Because I know that they have been through more than I have and are likely to have good advice on what I am looking for.

Older siblings could be a great option too because they went through school and have been stressed about school work and they know how to deal with that stuff.

For example last year I was reall stressed about my math sol so I asked my sister for advice and she told me don't worry about if you pass or not just know that you did your best and thats all that matters.

Most people when they need advice they don't go to a random stranger for advice because you don't know or trust them so how do you expect to believe what they tell you.

People you trust are more than likely to trust you too and want the best for you and your life so they will give you the best advice they can provide.

You can also build bonds with people and keep going back to them for advice. My sister and I have build a really strong bond and we trust each other with anything from advice on school work to even advice on drama and stuff like that.

If you don't trust the person giving you advice then you don't know if they are giving you the best advice.

If you don't get more than one opinion you just have one to choose from and you may not think its the best for you.

But if you get multiple then you can choose the best one for you.

Also some people don't give the best advice for what you are looking for.

Some people are better at giving advice than others and once you find the best option for you, you can go with that.

For instance a few years back I asked someone for advice and they didn't know what was best for me but something that they said has stuck with me since don't be scared to go out of you confort zone and ask a school conceler or someone that you are close with.

When some people ask for advice they sometimes go to more than 1 person.

Askng multiple people could help in many ways to seek the best choice for you.

If you go to people that are wiser and elder have more expieriance,

people you know and trust and finally its good to have more than one opinion to choose from. When I was younger I was pretty dumb for not seeking advice but now that Im older and more mature I know its best to seek multiple people for advice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              