Some school systems require hear students to finish projects over the summer. Simply to be sure that they are constantly learning and remaining information. This is a great idea, but how should this be executed? Should the projects be teacher or student designed? Giving the student the ability to create their project would encourage them to explore more in depth or maybe even new interests. Along with this this it would force the student to be creative, an otherwise lacking skill in Virginia school systems. On the other hand, having the projects be teacher made would make them more easy to asses. The summer projects should be student designed because, it allows the student to pursue their own interest, also it makes the student be creative; adversely, having them be teacher made would allow for the teacher to much easier asses the student.

First of all, having student made summer projects would help the students find what interest them. This is an important step in piecing together your future. Me personally, a junior in high school, has no idea what field of work best interests me. Exposing these young minds to as many topics as possible could significantly help them choose an occupation to peruse. Having them create their own projects would help them deeper explore,or understand their interests. Therefore, student created projects would help spark interest.

Also, giving them the freedom to design their project would force them to be creative. School seems to suck all the creativity right out of its students. From the never ending notes to the standards set by the state. There seems to be no room for creativity, or individualism. It always seems to be bland and without color.

We as a community forget that not everyone is a textbook kind of learner. There is a lot that factors into the psychology of learning and many forget that. Having projects more open ended and student designed would shed some of this pressure, and allow for the students to be creative and do their best work. Also creativity is extremely important. The earth is a never ending cycle of creation. Who will be the next Steve Jobs or maybe carry out an even bigger legacy. creativity sparks change, it makes us advance as the human race. In conclusion, giving the students the task of designing their summer projects will let them be creative.

Lastly, letting the students design their projects would make it harder for the teacher to asses the student. This is important to the teacher. The teacher needs to know who needs help and with what. They need to help make sure you are prepared for the real world. A good teacher is truly a miracle worker. They need some way of assessing students. But this is not the way. The students should have many more options in the way they learn, but that is what tests are for. Therefore, it is important to be able to asses their students, but designing their projects is going about it all wrong.

To conclude, summer projects should be student designed, rather than teacher designed. It will help the student figure out their interest better. It could even interest them to learn at all. And it lets the students be creative and let their minds free from the joke that is our school system. It shows how being yourself and being creative can positively impact you, and could even spark new interests. Therefore, Students should design their own summer projects to show them their interests and to also allow them to be creative and learn in a way that appeals to them. 