First, Face is just a natural landform because even if it was created by alians there should be some type of building or something some where a round the Face like a building. Think about it. Do you really think that some alian is going to build something like that and leave it there? There is so much things we don't know about Mars, but aliens are not real. According to the text,"Meanwhile, defenders of the NASA budget wish there was an ancient civilization on Mars."

Second, when we took a picture of the Face in 1976. It was because of the weather that it looked like a face. Another reason is because of the angle that we took a picture in. It might also have been the camera. Because of the angle that in took the picture in, the shadow of the mountains made it look like a face. According to the text,"The caotion noted a "huge rock formation...which resembles a human head...formed by shadows giving illusion of eyes,nose,and mouth."

Next, in 1998, we decided to take another picture of the Face. The tecnology became better and so we got a better view of the Face. It does't look as much like the face we took a picture of in 1976. This time it looked more like a crater. It wasn't a face after all.

Then, in 2001, we took another picture because it was so popular. According to the author,"It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows-even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years!" You might think that aliens are real. According to the text,"Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars-evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." We have been searching Mars for a while now and if there was any life form on Mars we would have found it already.

Finally, Face is just another natural land form. According to the author,"What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa-landforms common around the American West." So it wasn't created by any living thing. It was created by nature. Face is just another natural landform on Mars.