Limiting car usage is great, I mean the more money you save to go out and try or do different things. The biggest question everybody that reads these articles might ask. "How do you get to other places for example the Airport or if you wanted to go to Disney or somewhere else. Anyway back on topic. "All of our developement since World War II has been centered on the car, and that needs to change." says David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America. The question every pereson who is legal to drive "How much you drive is as important as whether you have a hybrid.

First and Foremost, Vauban, home to 5,500 residents within a rectangular square mile, may be the most advanced experiment in low-car suburban life. Passengers cars are responsible 12 percent of greenhoudse gas emissions in Europe and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States. In the United States the Enviormental Protection Agency is promoting "car reduced" communities. Many experts expect public transport serving suburbs to play a larger part in a new six-year federal transportation bill to be approved this year. In previous bills, 80 percent of appropriations have by law gone to highways and only 20 percent to other transport.

Next, After days of near-record pollution , paris enforcd a partial driving ban to clear th air of the global city. Motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leve their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine ($31). The same would apply to the odd-numbered plate sthe following day. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined according to the international news agency(Reuters). Congestion was down 60 percent in the capital of France ,after five -days of intsensifying somg. Diesel fuel was blammed, since France has a tax policy theat favors diesel over gasoline. Paris typically ahs more smog than other European capitals. Las week Paris had 147 microgramsof particulate matter. Public transit was free of charge from Friday to Monday. The somg cleared enough Monday for the ruling French party rescined the ban for odd-numbered plates on tuesday.

Last, Recent studies suggest that americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licensices as each year goes by. That has left researchers pondering a fundamental question "Has America passed the peak of driving?" America's love affair with its vehicles seems to be cooling. The United States peaked in 2005 and dropped steadily thereafter. As of April 2013, the number of mile driven per person was nearrly 9 percent below the peak and equal to where the country was in the year 1995.

Inconclusion all of the less car usage is being used all across the globe. Things like this are good to keep up.            