Dear Senator of Florida,

I think changing the election by popular vote for the President of the United States would be a better and and more fair way of voting. The Electoral College may work and all but even the best-laid defenses of the system are wrong.

"Under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the President, but for a state of electors, who in turn elect the President." Voting gives people rights and freedom that not everybody has. If a voter wanted to vote for a President their vote should go towards the President, not the electors of the state, in all fairness. According to Plumer many people agree with the idea of changing the voting system by stating, "...over 60 percent of voters would prefer a direct election to the kind we have now." In Plumer's article he says, 'The single best argument

against

the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. The American people should consider themselves lucky that the 2000 fiasco was the biggest election crisis in a century; the system allows for much worse." By putting this statement in his article he is trying to say that the system we have now could all go up in flames if the right thing happened to get rid of the Electoral College, so Americans should watch out. The Electoral College is unfair due to the winner-take-all system. In this system candidates for the presidency don't go to smaller states because they know they won't win with those states. They stick to the big states with more electoral votes or with the "swing" states. That's what I call selfish.

I understand that "each party selects a slate of electors trusted to vote for the party's nominee..[however,] it is entirely possible that the winner of the electoral vote will not win the national popular vote." If the next President were to win the electoral vote but not the popular vote that is like saying that only the Electoral College voted and not the real voters, the people.

All in all "It's official: The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." I would greatly appreciate if you read this over and thought about the topic I have addressed to you. Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

PROPER_NAME

(a concerned citizen)    