Germany,France, and Columbia,all have something in common, they are cutting down on car pollution. Car polluton is rising problem in the world, making up almost fifty percent of the United States' pollution and twelve percent in Europe. From making cars distinct from everday life to banning all cars for a day,these countries are trying to cutdown on the car pollution build up.

One of the biggest feats in trying to cutdown car pollution is making it an unusal thing in everyday life for a city in Germany known as VAUBAN.This city does not ban cars but even then only about thirty percent of residents in this city own a car and fifty-seven percent have sold their own cars to move here. This city is a home to a mere 5,500 residents, but they all live with in a rectangular square mile. This shows that it is possible to live without cars as personal transport and still be with in reach of stores, work and home.

Another city taking a big step in the fight against car pollution is the well known city of Paris,France. Paris has enforce a partial driving ban in its streets to hopefully clear or cut the air of pollution. The city has made an odd law, "On Monday motorists with even-numbered license plates were ordered to leave their cars at home or suffer a 22-euro fine($31). The same would apply to odd-numbered plates the following day." When this law was first enforced nearly 4,000 drivers were fined accoding to Reuters. This law was meant to exterminate the smog becuase the city was rivaling one of the most polluted cities in the world, Bejing,China.

One of the other cities creating a anti-car pollution act is Bogota, Columbia. The city of Bogota has created an annual "Day without cars" which is fine with the residents. Instead of cars residents use bikes and buses and other modes of transportation to travel around the city. This event has been rubbing of on a fellow cities in the area. The cutdown on pollution here is slight but will slowly make an impact over time when this annual "Day without cars" begins to take place in multiple other cities, hopefully, instead of these three cities.

Avoiding car usage is a difficult feat to an everyday car user but if you can avoid it then it can really effect the enviorment in a positive way. Making a day for no cars or at least a small amount of car usage can really impact the enviorment. This movement has even begun to start in the United States and hopefully will continue from then on into the future when we eventually have a whole lot of fueless cars for everyone to drive in.    