Most driving laws focus on keeping divers, passengers, and pedestrians safe, but could the development of driverless cars have an affect on poeples actions while in the car? Haveing a car that is in need of little human interaction could give the driver an exuse to drive drunk. The cars system could fail and create a problem instead of preventing one. Finally how are the privers waiting for their turn to take over going to maintain focus.

Will having these self driving cars give more people the idea that it is ok to drive under the influence? In this atical, it is stated that a human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation reguires human skills. A driver that is not in a state were they can make a snapy disicion. Tjis could lead to the failer of taking, this could end up making a huge inpact on the lives of other people aound them.

How can we be sure that the car will fail to serve its perpose? The second detail to catch my eye was the question asked in the article "If the technology fails ans someone is injured, who is at fault-the driver or the manufacturer?" With any vehicle there is always a chance of a mecanichle failure. In a smart car there are many peices of technology that are important to insure everyones safety. Even with the chance of a driverless car being completed there are potentialy more chances of one peice of this technology malfunctioning and creating a problem.

Finaly how will we keep the drivers focus on the road? This article quotes the words spoken by Dr. Werner Huber, a BMW project manager driver. Werner speaks of the challanges of psychological aspects of automation and how we will have to interpret the driving fun in a new way. People falling asleep might become a big problem, the action of paying attention when the work is done for you, may not be a simple task.

The idea of a driverless car is a dangerous idea to be playing around with. Haveing a car that is in need of little human interaction might cuase the thought that drunk driving would be safe. The cars system could fail and not allow the driver to take over. The driverless car could cuase a huge problem with maintaining focus, this could mean someone failing to take over when needed. In conclusion when all of the work is done for a driver, it could lead to problems that might have been otherwise prevented.