The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. He supports this idea by sharing that Venus once has been the most Earth-like planet in the solar system. It expands human knowledge about the planet and enhances technology to be more capable of traveling to Venus.

Long ago, Venus may have been an Earth-like planet. The planet brings danger but this won't stop scientist from disccusing how it may have been a sister planet to Earth. In the text it states " Long ago, Venus was probably covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like Earth. Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on earth." This indicates that there were very common features about Venus long ago and even now that can relate to earth. The scientist are fascinated by these findings and are willing venture off to Venus and find out more.

Going to Venus is a tough job and can be quite dangerous. So technology is going to need to be upgraded to be able to fit Venus' harsh temperatures and atmosphere. Enhancing technology is whats going to keep people learning and wanting to improve. With these improvements travel to harsher planet will be easier. The text states "Imagine a blimp-like vehicle hovering 30 or so miles above the roiling Venusian landscape. Just as our jet airplanes travel at a higher altitude to fly over many storms, a vehicle hovering over Venus would avoid the unfriendly ground conditions by staying up and out the way." This indicates technology is being enhanced to be able to withstand the harsh conditions of Venus. Imagination and innovation is being used to expand this knowledge.

Human knowledge is being expanded when preparing and learning about Venus. Its conditions, what it was like long ago, and technology being improved make people learn and be more fascinated about Venus. When visiting Venus, scientist have found that "Venus' atmosphere is made up of almost 97 persent carbon dioxide blankets". That is more knowledge found when going to Venus. Exploring planets besides earth like Venus help people learn about from the dangers they go through to get there which makes it worth it.

As stated in the claim the author does support the idea that studying Venus is a wothy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. By explaining that Venus and earth were once sister planets and today still do share common characteristics. Human knowledge is expanded when visiting the planet and finding its dangers. Then learning how to overcome with enhacing technology. Which leads them to being able to explore the Venus.   