Schools are full of kids getting their education. Not all of these kids actually care about learning though. Many are only there because they have to be. A new technology called Facial Action Coding System could help lessen the negative attitudes of these types of students. We have the technology to find out how a student feels about the lessons they're receiving. We can figure out what types of lessons interest students the most. This wouldn't fix everything or be the best method for every student but it would definitely be valuable to have this kind of technology.

Every teacher has their own method of teaching and every student learns differently from one another. This shouldn't be changed. However, we can make the students more engaged and interested in their education. This won't work for every student, but it can help with many. Facial Action Coding System is a new software that reads the muscles of the human face to figure out what a person is feeling. This could detect what interests, bores, upsets, and delights students. This would allow the computer to help the teacher to plan lessons that have the most positive effect on the students. The software reads the muscles on the face and uses that to detects what they like or don't like. The software could then alter the lesson plan to make it so that it is in a way that the students would most benefit from. Not every single student will have the same opinion as another or take out the same amount of information from a lesson as another, but this could definitely help teachers to see what works for certain students.

Facial Action Coding System could be a very valuable technology for educating the youth. We have the technology to figure out what does and doesn't work when trying to teach students. Some students wouldn't benefit from the same things as others but this could still be very valuable to the teacher to see what students benefit from a certain type of lesson. This could help many dissengaged students to find interest in their education instead of dozing off in class. 