Venus is a planet that is like Earth, only without life and water. It is the second closest planet to the sun. This makes it the hottest planet, hotter than Mercury, which is closer to the sun. This planet is special, though. It keeps people from examining it closely because of its conditions. The planet is too hot, the pressure is high, and it also has a thick atmosphere that makes it hard to see, but we can overcome that with some ideas and by studying it more.

Venus is like Earth in a lot of ways. It is believed to have had water and life on it before, and it even has physical features like Earth. It also is almost the same size and density as Earth. Scientists want to explore this because it is there first option for space travel. Earth is sometimes closer to Venus than it is to Mars. They want to find out the best way to make it hospitable for people to live there. They have sent unmanned probes there to scout out the territory and to find samples and more evidence that could help them. However, the probes don't last long because of the harsh atmosphere.

There are a couple reasons why it is hard to study. The planet is simply too hot and melts metals easily and quickly. The pressure is higher than our ocean, meaning it can crush us and even a submarine easily. There is also a thick atmosphere made of 97% carbon dioxide that blocks our vision. There are clouds of highly corrosive sulferic acid in the atmosphere too. There are also casual earthquakes, lightining, and volcanoes erupting. Scientists want to discover more things about Venus because it was like Earth, and the won't stop.

There are a couple of things that scientists have though of so far. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has though of a flying craft that is in the air above the surface of Venus. This way its not too hot and the pressure isn't too high. However, this won't work because they still can't see past the dense atmosphere. There are more tests like putting things in a simulation of Venus's surface to see how long it could last. There is also a thought of making the machines not so fragile like our technology these days that can be more resistant to the forces of Venus.

The author thinks that overcoming the obstacles and challenges that Venus has for us has value. He thinks this because it will lead us into more exciting "endeavors." The author thinks that our travels shouln't be limited. He believes they should be expanded " to meet the very edges of imagination and innovation." I believe the author wants to know more and is curious about the unknown. The author does a great job showing all of the dangers and benefits of traveling and examining Venus. Even the title shows that it won't be easy. The planet is currently too hot, it blocks our vision from above, and the pressure is too high, but we can overcome that by making more ideas and by studying this planet more.