Dear Senator,

The electoral college is in fact not best form of electing the president of the United States of America. When using the electoral college for voting for president, voters are not really voting for the president. Instead, they are voting for a slate of electors who then elect the president. Voters can't always control who their electors vote for, so it is all in the hands of the chosen electors. The electors must be trusted to pick the choice that their people want, but we all know that not everyone is as trustworthy as we would like to believe. The electors could possibly vote for the party that was not wanted in the first place, which is a problem. This brings about many possible issues for the people of our country.

Having to vote for someone who then is being trusted to vote for who you would have rather voted for yourself is a huge issue. Not only could they vote for the wrong person instead of the one that you wanted, they could potentially bring the country great danger if they vote for someone who could bring about bad things to our beloved nation. The electors could always defy the will of the people.

We could save the time wasted having to vote for someone else who has the potential to vote against who we wanted to vote for by just having a direct vote for who we wanted to vote for. Having a direct vote would give the exact opinions straight from the people of the country, and there would be less arguing and hatred for who becomes the president. The whole country would be able to voice their own opinions instead of who they believe has the same opinion as them.

Having a popular vote instead of the electoral college process is a time saver, and helps the people of the country. It allows the people to vote for who they actually want directly, instead of voting for someone to then vote for the president that they want. It would give people a greater influence to vote, knowing that their own vote actually directly affects the outcome of the presidential election. It would potentially eliminate all of the electors, saving time, money, and a vote for the next president of the United States of America.    