Do you ever feel like you don't know what you're doing on an assignment or don't know where to start and you have nobody to help you?

Teachers should not allow students to design their own projects over the summer because if a student designs the project they would not know what to do and be unorganized, it's more efficient for the teacher to assign and grade, and finally teachers can assign you topics you have already went over in class. However, some may not agree on this position. Some points to take in consideration are that not all students will like the topic and may not know a lot on that specific that's assigned.

Firstly, when starting a new project students may not know what to do. For example, in my Vietnamese class I was assigned a project that was on Vietnam's geography. I was very confused on it because we had to do it on our own without any help or an outline. I didn't know where to start, where to find the information, or how choose a suitable location.

In addition, it is more efficient for the teacher to assign and grade. For instance, if your teacher gave you the opportunity to do your own project it would be very difficult to organize. The teach would have to create individual rubrics because every student will most likely have a different type of project. It would also be hard for the teacher because the teacher has to deal with a variety of different topics.

Consider this as an example, teachers can assign you with topics they went over in class. An example of this would be if a teacher assigned you a project based on a topic that you've already went over it would be a lot easier for you to accomplish and understand.

In conclusion, it is better for teachers to design projects for students because if a student designs a project they would not know what to do, it is more efficient for teachers to assign and grade, and finally teachers can assign project that you've already went over in class. Students should prefer teacher-designed based projects because it's less work for them and the teacher.