When people are faced with a decision they generally ask for the opinions and advice of multiple people. Seeking multiple opinions on a issue can aid a person in making a better choice as oppose to asking only one person and potentially acting upon bad advice. Asking multiple people's opinions can help someone make a better decision because people can provide wisdom, a fresh outlook on a situation, and can help weed out any potential bad advice.

Talking to more than one person can help a person make a better choice because people can provide them with wisdom. When someone asks multiple people for their opinion or advice there is a chance they could have had an experience with a possibly similar situation in past and therefore would be wiser and potentially able to help. Teachers, parents, and professionals are thought of as wise and have experience with many situations, Therefore, people seeking opinions or advice may often turn to one of them for help. Professionals, like teachers for example, spend years in college studying and training in order to to get their job, as a result people go to them for advice because they are a professional and are regarded as very wise individuals. Scientists frequently appear on news stations like CNN to provide their wisdom and opinions on issues like climate change or disease outbreaks because they are thought of as very wise. In the book "

World Without Fish

" there is a comic segment which shows a scientist appearing on a news station to provide his wisdom and opinion on depleting fish population. The news channel shown in the comic strip has the scientist make an appearance on their show because he is thought of as wise and experienced and so they want to hear his professional opinion on what to do about depleting fish populations. Children ask coaches and parents for advice because they were once kids too which means they could have experience with the problems that are being faced and help provide their wisdom and opinions on the issue. People being professionals and having past experiences is just one of the reasons asking multiple people can help someone make a better decision.

Asking for multiple people's opinions and advice can help someone get a new outlook on the situation. There is a common saying that "Two heads are better than one." The saying means that two people trying to solve a problem is better than just one person doing it because they can provide a new outlook or help come up with the best solution. People can also give advice as to what choice they would make which can help someone come up with the best choice for the choice at hand. The President of the United States always has a cabinet full of people that he regularly goes to for advice and opinions because they all help provide a fresh outlook on a situation and give advice based upon what they would do if it were them and what they think the best decision is. Throughout history kings and rulers have had councils and committees, or sometimes even royal advisers, dedicated to giving them advice on subjects because they knew that no one man can know everything or always know what to do. Scientists also often consult their fellow scientists to get their input and advice on a situation because they could potentially help provide of a new outlook that may have been previously un-thought of or unseen. Scientists and rulers seek advice from others in order to provide them with a new perspective because they know that it is extremely helpful their decision making. Therefore, if people have been asking multiple people for their opinions for decades then we should not stop now and continue asking multiple people in order to get all best outlooks and opinions on a situation.

Finally asking more than one person for their opinion and advice can help someone weed out and eliminate all of the bad advice that may have been given to them. When someone asks a for advice and the majority agrees on one thing then they know that it is most likely the best option. On popular game shows like "Who Wants To Be a Millionaire" there is a tool called a lifeline that lets the contestant poll the audience for the answer to a question and almost every single time the majority vote of the audience gets the question right and that can be applied to real life when asking for advice. If the majority wants someone to make one choice then that is probably the better option and those who disagree could possibly be giving them bad advice. If someone were to only ask one person for advice they could potential being receiving bad advice which could be bad if they act on it, On the other hand, if they were to ask multiple different people the chances of acting on the bad advice would be lesser than that of acting upon good advice. There are plenty of examples where asking multiple people helps get rid of bad choices such as during the Cold War. The president of the United States was told by one his top generals to use a nuke instead of the possible de-escalation of the conflict but instead the President asked multiple generals and the decision was overwhelmingly against the use of the weapon which could have caused the destruction of all the countries involved. In that scenario if he would not have gotten advice from more than one person he may have acted upon bad advice. Asking multiple people helps someone come up with a better decision because it can reveal what the majority wants and would do and can get rid of any possible bad opinions.

Asking multiple people's opinions can help make a better decision because other people can provide a fresh outlook on a subject, wisdom, and can help weed out any bad advice given. That is why people seek out the opinions of multiple people in order to make the best decision. For centuries people have been going to multiple people for their advice and opinions and we should not stop that now.