Although many see driverless cars as an alternative to cars with drivers. I do not see this as an alternative for the future. The driverless cars are not making split second decisions that a car with a drive can. "Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pullin in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents." This is a small set back, and also another reason why I do not believe in driverless cars.

Changing roads completely would be very expensive. How long exactly would changing the road systems actually take? "These smart-road systems worked suprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, something that was simply too expensive to be practical." Using newer technology on cars such as the Prius. Technology has been proven to fail, so at some point this technology is bound to fail.

Cars are big computers. All the new technology being put into cars, yet this is making cars a lot like computers more than motor vehicles. Again as well all this technology is very costly. Radar was a device on a hilltop that cost two hundred million dollars. It wasn't something you could buy at Radio Shack. So just how driverless will the cars be in the future." All the technology in cars, yet humans are still needed, making calculated decisions instead of the car. "The Google car simply announces when the driver should be prepared to take over." Texting and driving is a big problem facing many drivers today. Driverless cars have a hard time navigating through accidents. If a driver is texting and doesn't notice an accident what happens then. The car can notify the driver, but the driver may still be on their phone. Driverless cars are not making split second decisions that a driver can.

"Automakers are continuing their work on the assumption that the problems ahead will be solved." Problems for future driverless cars. "Tesla has proojected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time." These cars are supposed to be driverless. Why should the car have autopilot 90 percent of the time instead of 100 percent? There are still problems facing driverless cars even in development today. 