School is one of the most important aspects in life. It provides many opportunities for jobs and occupations. Lately, students have been asking questions about how schools should offer online learning as an option, so students wouldn't have to show up for school. Even though waking up to go to school can help train for a job-like environment, going to school can cause students to be drowsy in the morning for their first lecture. Students would benefit from being able to attend class from home because students will be able to focus more without their peers distracting them, students will be awake now that they do not have to wake up early in the morning, and students will have all their assignments and homework online.

Attending class from home would benefit students because students will be able to focus more without their peers distracting them. In every classroom, there would be at least one student talking which can be distracting to others. For instance, when the teacher is covering a topic that is very crucial in the curriculum, there would be side conversation that would distract the students from learning. If this was the case in every classroom, then online courses would benefit students from these distractions.

School starts early in the morning, and students are usually tired around that time and can not focus. Online school would usually start around when students wake up naturally. As a result, this solves the problem of students being tired. Many students head start to their job after school and don't come back home until late at night. This causes them to be tired in the morning at school.

Students that take online learning can benefit from it because they will have all their assignments online. When students, in school, do not turn in their homework, they will always have an excuse for not turning it in. For example, students will tell their teachers that they didn't receive one, or they didn't know there was an assignment or homework. In online courses, all assignments are online, so students can not have an excuse for not turning it in.

Online learning is beneficial and should be an option in every school worldwide. It benefits students because students will be able to focus more without their peers distracting them, students will be awake now that they do not have to wake up early in the morning, and students will have all their assignments and homework online. In conclusion, students would benefit from online learning instead of going to school.