Ever think of traveling space? Well in the story, The Challenge of Exploring Venus, the Author explains that, despite all of the hostile and unforgiving conditions, humans could travel to earth's sister planet, Venus. Although, this sounds pretty cool, it still may just be only possible in movies. The Author does have some impressive details to put in the agrument.

The main problems of the journey is that the surface of the planet is not survivable for life. In paragragh three it says "On the planet's surface, tempature's average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmosphere pressure is 90 times greater than what we expirence on our own planet." According to the Author, this pressure would crush even a submarine fit for exploring the depths of our oceans. He also describes the events going on the surface, "erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes" (Paragraph 3).

So the Author makes a strong statement of how we can't survive on Venus, but he has ways to survive this hostile planet. The Author says, "NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of venus would allow sciencists to float above the fray." The Author then says that they mean that they would have a vehicle to hover 30 or more miles above the surface of the planet. It would still be aroung 170 degrees fahrenheit, but the pressure would be as if earth's sea level.

Now that we know that humans may be able to survive venus, why would we need to do it? Well, a very good reason is to explore the planet, and examine specimen for any signs of life, as well for new elements. Well, this would be great to do, but there are many things that stand in our way. For example, we couldn't take descent quality (or maybe at all) photographs. Like the Author says in the passage "most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere, rendering standard forms of photograpghy and videography ineffective." He also goes on to tell us that researchers can not receive specimens to study. According to the passage, Sciencists are developing a machine that can last long enough to be able to collect what it needs and get out. Well, this is going more difficult then it sounds. First, little to no light near the surface. The robot will have to be autonomous and will have such low quality of light you have no idea of the dangers the robot may go through. The robot may get its job done, due to most autonomous robot not needing light to 'see'. The robot will corriode due to the corrsive nature of the planets air. If that robot doesn't last long, it will take more money to keep rebuilding then NASA's Venus team's budget has.

So, it can be possible for humans to survive on Venus, but we have no reason to go. The money used to build ships, vehicles, and robots would be so great that we wouldn't have the money for it. Even if we did go, we couldn't take photographs or collect specimens with out a VERY expensive robot. So, humans should stay away from Venus until we have the resources ready for a planet that hostile.  