Sometimes when people dont get the right advice or as some people say Ã‚Â¨false informationÃ‚Â¨ it could go badly for some people depending on what you are asking about. In this society today there is a lot of Ã‚Â¨fake newsÃ‚Â¨ going around. As easy as it is for someone to make up fake news about you and how quickly it is for that fake information to go around might be how quickly it is for someone to give you the wrong information. What if you are asking a friend something very serious and they give out the wrong advice. That wouldnt be good for you and it would make the person look bad. So in other words asking more than one person is great and maybe asking parents and teachers for the advice is good also. I have had bad experience with getting bad information from people that i know and I did some messed up things with the advice it was given from one friend and I wish with everything in me that I could go back and redo what I did and had asked more people than just one person. Honestly I would ask close friends and people I trust than jusst random people that I dont even know. Getting more than one persons advice or opinions is way better cause if more than one of them says the same thing then its more likely to be true cause they all are saying the same things to you and if they are right and you are close to them then really take that advice in for the futer cause you never know if you might need it. Even if you and your close friend arent friends anymore and you really trusted them have a talk with them and let them know that you need help and advice that he or she needs to be truthful and help you cuase I know that, that has happened to me I needed help from a friend I could talk to and me and her werenÃ‚Â´t friends at the time and I sat down with her and talked to her and told her what I did wrong and asked for advice and went to another friend and she gave me the same advice thats what I really should have done in the begining before I made the chocice I did. So please ask more then one friend for advice and see what is best for you at the time and what you need help with and donÃ‚Â´t be scared to ask your friends and family. 