Summer break, every students favorite time of the year. A time for late nights at the beach, hanging with friends, visiting family, and simply enjoying the time off. Almost everybody enjoys summer break but one thing we also can agree on is disliking the summer projects, and there's a debate on whether or not the projects should be student or teacher designed. Some way argue to say that the summer projects should be teacher designed because they're more professional, will focus on materials we may have forgotten about, and they'll make the projects straight to the point, but I feel as if the summer projects should be student designed because we'll be able to be creative, are most likely to remember to do the project, and can learn but yet still have fun.

The first reason summer projects should be student designed is because we can be creative with the projects. Majority of the times the projects are boring and require a lot of work. Having a boring project can cause students to be less likely to do it. Designing the projects ourselves will ensure that we not only understand how to do it but we also can enjoy doing it. Students would be able to come up with something that interests but also relates to the learning material to ensure we're learning also. Us being young adults means that we're young-minded and sometimes we don't understand the projects given from teachers because they don't think/see things like we would. Designing the summer projects ourselves will give students a chance to be creative in how they combine learning with still enjoying their summer and it may even help later on in the school year if teachers are able to see how well we come up with and work on things on our own. With that being said designing are own summer projects would give students a chance to show teachers what they're capable of.

Another reason why summer projects should be student designed and not teacher designed it because we'll be less likely to forget to do it and it'll get done faster. As I previously stated majority of the times the projects given to us are boring and may even be hard to understand for some students, Therefore designing them ourselves would eliminate the problem. Having a boring or hard summer projects often tends to make students more likely to forget about it or simply not do it at all. That could all change though because allowing students to make the projects themselves will boost them to want to do it knowing that it's something they choose to design. Automatically the projects would get done faster since students designed something they not only understand but enjoy also. When the students finish their projects fast that'll make it easier for the teachers to grade and get out the way so everyone can resume to enjoying their summer. Students designing their own projects would not only make it easy on their half but it'll be easy on the teachers half too.

Some still may argue though that summer projects should be teacher designed because they'll assign the correct learning material that they want us to work on and ensure that we don't forget. Teachers are of course more professional so they would automatically know what students commonly forget over break. Knowing what students forget they'll design work that will help us work on and remember commonly forgotten material. Designing assignments that we probably have forgotten about will help students when the school year starts because we'll hopefully remember the forgotten material by doing the summer project giving us a boost in school. Also they'll focus on mainly ensuring that we know the material instead on if we actually enjoy it or not. Teachers put their focus on ensuring the students can both understand and know how to do the material given.

In conclusion summer projects are important to ensure students know material they've forgotten but even though some may argue to say that the summer projects should be teacher designed because they're more professional, will focus on materials we may have forgotten about, and they'll make the projects straight to the point, but I feel as if the summer projects should be student designed because we'll be able to be creative, are most likely to remember to do the project, and can learn but yet still have fun. After reading these reasons who do you think should responsible for designing the summer projects?