1

How Texting and Driving can ruin a generation

Texting and driving is among one of the world's most deadly accidents for young drivers.

This has been occurring to individuals for over 20 years ever since cell phones have been Mainstreamed and publicised for people around the world. Now the most generic answer to this problem is to either ban cell phone, or to just leave your cell phone at home while driving. These problems do sound efficient at first, but when you dig deeper into how humans work with phones, it's really not. Humans have needs and wants, and sure with phones it's wanting to use it, but the way humans work leads to addiction problems.

Humans can have addictions to stuff such as drinking, gambling, and eating, but another addiction humans can get is texting. In a 2015 study published by Kelly M. Lister-Landman, she explains that people are compulsive to texting, even just looking at their phones to see if they got a message with no signs of one. This compulsivity can lead to them in the middle of driving to pick up their phone and check their snapchat. Now addiction relates to the topic because this is one of the problems for texting and driving. This can be a threat for some drivers who have texting addictions.

A question to this problem is should we let people use cell phones while operating a vehicle; the answer is complicated, and there are some reasons for both no and yes. The reasons we can't allow that is because we need our senses to operate on stuff. We use our sight on driving, if we can't take our sight off of driving, that would be like hammering a nail blind

Parker 3

folded. The way that most people see it, if you can't keep your eyes on the road all the time while driving, you shouldn't be allowed to drive period. Now this is where addiction comes into place. Having an addiction to your phone can be terrible for you while driving, so there should be help to people who have this. Now a reason phones should be allowed is for important phone calls or buisness calls. Say you on a business trip, and they need you to call them for explanation about what the trip is doing; you would need to use a cell phone for situations like this. Now like said before, the answer is complicated. People need to remember that there are both sides, and no matter what the answer will cause problems for society.

Not using your phone while driving can suck though, however, there are alternatives to it.

Say you just want to call your friends or family, you may still have your phone in your call, but don't look at it. Instead just wear a small one ear headset that way you can drive without taking your hands off the steering wheel. Another alternative is to have a phone with a voice assist installed on it, so that way you can say to text your friends. Everyone knows not using your phone for communicating with your peers can suck, but using these alternatives can help it less Suck.

After going over all of the solutions and problems, the best answer to it should be to allow people to text and drive but in moderation. You can't just in traffic pick up your phone and text your friends that the lady in front of you is slow, instead issue a more violent penalty if caught. Right now the fine for texting and driving is 25$ for your first fine, 50$ for your second fine, and 75$ for your third fine. This new penalty should be 50$ for your first fine, 100$ for your second fine, and for your third fine you should have your license revoked temporarily ( 2 weeks

- 1 month). Sure there will be objections to this solution, and they will probably have a better way of dealing with texting and driving, but know that there are more people that would be

Parker 3

rooting for the acceptance of texting and driving.

Works Cited people are compulsive to texting, even just looking at their phones to see if they got a message with no signs of one.

/www. apa. org/news/press/releases/2015/10/compulsive-texting-girls   