Throughout history space exploration has always been an intersesting and exciting thing, but with space exploration comes dangers. There are lots of unknows about space, which is one of the things making it so dangerous. There are things we do know, particularly about Venus. as some may call it; Venus is our sister planet, but it is very dangerous. Are the dangers of Venus to great that we shouldn't explore? In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author claims that studying venus is "a worthy pursuit" because it's the most like earth, It's sometimes the closest planet to us, and long ago it may have been similar to earth.

Venus may be dangerous, but it is actually called "earth's twin". Venus has a similar density and size to earth. This leads the average person to infer that Venus would be a possible place for us to go is Earth was ever destroyed, but do not be fooled. Venus' atmosphere is almost 97 percent carbon dioxide. Despite that danger, the author believes Venus is worth exploring due to the similarity.

Another reason Venus is worth exploring is because sometimes it's the closest planet to us. Venus and Mars are our neighboring planets, and due to the differences in rotation speed; sometimes Venus is closer. This proximity is easily the reason why the author believes we should explore. Mars is the other neighbor planet to earth, and we're already discovering that. As a space explorer it's common knowledge to explore what's close before we get further.

The last reason the author may think it's important to explore Venus is because long ago it could have been similar to Earth. It is infered that in the begining Venus was covered in oceans and supportedforms of life. Even now Venus has a rocky and sediment filled base similar to earth. This sediment includes valleys, mountains, and craters. If we can study Venus now, maybe we can predict what the earth could turn to in the future.

Space exploration still has so far to go, so is there really a rush? Yes; exploring Venus would be an amazing accomplishment, but until we can there is so much more out there. We are looking into how to explore Venus with things such as, electronics made out of silicon carbide, mechanical computers, and so much more. With this kind of testing the author may one day get his wish of Venus being explored.    