Generic_School wants my opinion on students attending classes online while at home. In all honesty, why is this even a question? Of course I think it's a great idea for schools to offer online learning and as a matter of fact; why don't all schools from all states offer this for students? Some of the reasons why I think it's a great idea is because students could lay in their bed while attending class, it would be good for students who don't have transportation to school and the best part is that they don't have to handle bullies.

One of the reasons why I think it's a great idea for schools to offer classes online is because students can get an education while laying in their bed. I believe this is amazing because you can be comfy in your pajamas in bed while attending class, instead of getting up early to get ready for school. If every student was offered to attend their classes online at home, there would honestly be no students coming to school. They would attend their classes online because no one likes getting up early in the morning and we all want to stay in bed. School does start early in the morning and from that, students have a lack of sleep because of the all the homework and projects that are due. Most of all, students have a lot going on at home and that also causes students to lose sleep. Even teachers have a lot going on and yet they get to miss school while we are stuck at school with a sub thinking about all the classwork our teacher has left for us to do or what's going on in our lives and what's next on their plate. Not a lot of schools think about the sleeping patterns us students have because most of us don't sleep at all while others probably sleep for an hour or two. Principals and teachers wonder why us students fall asleep in class and it's because of all the things we are going through at the time. Us students have a lot going on in our lives and sometimes we just don't have the time to sleep or even think about school. That's why most of us miss school so we can get either caught up in sleep and able to think clearly again possibly or get caught up in our classes, then return back to school when everything is complete. If all schools were like this, than us students plus the schools wouldn't have to worry about missing days of school, getting behind in our classes or even being late. We all would be on time and have all the work we needed with us on our computer.

A second reason why I think this it's a great idea for schools to offer classes online is because it would be good for students who don't have transportation. Why should students get behind on their education just because they don't have ta ride to school? I mean schools pl us the county have to think, some students live where buses don't have a route to go anywhere near them. If they have classes online then it's beneficial for them because they have their work with them and the parents don't have worry about their child getting behind. Some parents out in the world don't have a way for their children to get an education and they feel bad about it. With the classes being online, the teachers can facetime the parents and students to see if they have any questions or concerns regarding to the work in their class plus they can help students who are having trouble with the homework or classwork that the teacher has provided or don't understand what is going on in the class. Schools all across the globe should offer this to every student to make things easier for them and take some of the stress off their shoulders.

The third and final reason why I think it's a great idea for schools to offer classes online is because students don't have to deal with other students such as bullies. If you honestly think about it, we have had a lot of deaths of teens and young children committing suicide because of bullying. From my experiences from attending three different schools because of moving, schools don't do nothing about bullying. Yes, they may say something to the student who is doing the bullying, but never actually put a stop to it. Bullying is ruining children's lives and the schools just don't understand that. With the classes being online, students can stay at home not having to worry about being picked on or having a bully come up to them and beat them half to death. Think about it this way, with classes being online where students can stay at home, it's honestly saving lives and decreasing the suicides. Even after a student or five commits suicide from all the bullying and the schools hear about it, they still don't stop the harsh bullying. I bet schools haven't even thought that putting classes online so children can stay at home would even remotely help students stop committing suicide. I mean yes there's always a million other reasons why people do that, but mainly for students it's because of bullies.

In conclusion, I believe that all schools should offer classes online and think about things a bit differently now that I have put my opinion out there for them to hear. Help us students out and help the ones that need it most. It wouldn't hurt for schools for help out students in the best ways as possible and make things a bit easier for us so we don't have as much stress on us. Every single person across the nation deserve all the help they can get and we all deserve an education. Stop making things difficult and start making it easier for everyone.