The school has decided that everyone must participate in an extracurricular activity. Extracurricular activities can be almost anything. It is a wide range of activities, from being on a sports team to drawing objects in the classroom. Therefore, I think students should participate in an extracurricular activity.

Firstly, students who don't know what they enjoy now may find something they will enjoy in the future. Being a teenager is when you find out what you are defined by. Are you a sports person? Do you like geography? Do you like computers? An extracurricular activity, like a computer club, would be where one decides if they like computers. This can help them decide what to do with their future, as the person found out if they want to continue with computer science, or if they think computer science is not their thing.

Second, this can help students decide what to do later in life. If one were in a geography club and enjoyed it, then they will likely be interested in the field of geography. They will likely study geography in college and get a job in that field. It can also decide what hobbies the students may enjoy as adults. They can find people who have the same hobby or interest, and meet some new people.

An extracurricular activity also looks better on a college application. Nowadays, colleges and universities look into what you do after school. Do you do extracurricular activities or do you just do school? They would be looking for what extracurricular activities you did in middle or high school. If you did some activity after school, you will have a slightly higher chance of making it into a university or college. They will think, "Wow, Generic_Name did a lot of extracurricular activities. He was on the student council, in the geography and maps club, and into theater. That looks great!", if you did activities after school.

In the end, students should be required to do an extracurricular activity. They can decide what they may enjoy in the future. This leads to what they may want to major in while in university, and what career path they want a job in. Universities also look at what you did after school. If you did something after school, it would look better on your application. This is why students should do an extracurricular activity. 