Imagine not having to go to school early in the morning to learn. Now a days, online schools are becoming more and more popular. It makes sense because technology is becoming more and more advanced, so why not make school more and more accesable to everyone? Certain people have bad mobility skills because of their disabillities, so being able to stay home takes away the stress of having to try get around a huge school. Being able to take classes online creates a better learning enviorment because it is cheaper for the schools and It is more acessable for people with mobility issues.

High School teachers have to teach about 25 to 30 kids each class and that means 25 to 30 copys of each book, each paper, and each textbook. All those materials costs schools a lot of money, but if a student is taking a class from home the teacher can just post it online and students can see everything saving the school money. When I was in 9th grade I missed a month of school because I had to go out of the country, but I still maintained my above average grades because my teachers just posted everything online. Posting everything online saved the school money because they didn't have to print all the papers I would have needed for that month before I left. With the school saving money from less papers and textbooks, they can put more money into things such as the library, sports, and teachers pay. Teaching more kids more efficentaly should be every schools goal and with online classes that can be possible.

A school should tend to the needs of every child, and every child should feel safe and happy at school. With this in mind, certain kids who have mobillity issues might not feel safe at school. Kids running around in the hallway and elevators sometimes breaking are risks students with disabillities take when coming to school. Also wasting all that energy getting around school might make some kids less content and not want to learn as much. When I was in 10th grade I broke my leg and had to get around on crutches and It was diffcult because I had to leave class early which made me miss important class time, the elevator would not work sometimes making me have to risk going down the stairs, and the fatigue from getting around just made me tired and not want to learn. If I could have taken online classes I would have because I could just accomplish all the things I did at school but from the comfort of my home. If all students had this option schools would see an increase in grades, attendence, and graduation rate. Taking online classes makes students feel more safe and sometimes way happier. Although students could make friends at school and learn real life social skills, they also might get bullied and become more shy.

Students are being more and more stressed as they increase in grade level, and If schools can do anything to take away some of the stress they should. Taking online classes has almost no negitives and so many more positives. Schools should be more inclined to make more classes available online which leads to schools being more efficent in teaching. Tell your school to make more classes available online!              