Many students would rather do school in the comfort of their own homes. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students would not benefit from at home classes because they will become lazy, they will be distracted, and they will not have enough guidance.

First, schools should not allow education at home because of the students future. Many students would rather sleep in than go to school. Allowing education at home, students will be less likely to get up and get motivated. This will cause issues in the future with their work ethic. Sleeping in late and not getting up to do school work now will cause students to not get up and go to work later in their lives. Online classes can also effect a persons social skills. There will also be less involvement with other people because they have been in a house and not with students in a class.

Second, schools should prohibit education at home because students will be easily distracted. Electronic devices is a popular thing that causes multiple problems in todays society. Many schools prohibit these devices so they do not cause any distractions. Cellular devices and televisions are a huge part of childrens' lifestyle that will effect the work of students from home. Video games is a very popular electronic device that children will sit on for hours and not get up to do any work.

Third, schools should not allow education at home because they will not have enough guidance. Although, some people may think at home education is more efficient because they can do other things at once and get more tasks done, there is not enough help at home for the students to do the work by themselves. When a student comes to school there is multiple teachers to talk to and guide you through the work. Online classes have more issues and are more difficult to comprehend because there is no physical help.

Furthermore, distance online learning is being offered for students to attend classes in their own homes. Schools should prohibit at home classes because it causes less effort, more interruptions, and not enough help. Education is an important part in lives, and not getting enough from online classes is not tolerable. 