Development of cars will improve our society and make everyday life much easier. People will be much happier and more free with cars that drive them everywhere without worrying about traffic. The advantage of having a car that will talk to you if anything goes wrong is beyond amazing. This break through will lower many accidents and safety always has to be first. The development of cars should be continued further because it will help people with disabilities to go through life easier, the frustrations of always being alert while driving could be made easier, and the technology developing more could lead to other break throughs.

A supporting idea is how people with disabilities alwasy have it harder than others when driving cars. It doesn't matter if your old or even deaf, anybody with a disability will tell you it is harder to drive under circumstances like these. In the deaf world, the deaf people believe that they can do anything a hearing person can do and that is true but in driving accidents happen all the time. Not being able to hear just makes it worse. If someone did not hear a car behind them honking because there is something coming towards the car or the traffic light is green and he hasn't noticed, many things can go wrong at that moment. Having a car that will alert you with flashing lights will be a much safer choice than leaving it to how alert a person is. Everyone is human and everyone makes mistakes but in the development of cars mistakes will be avoided. The mistakes that will be avoided can even save lives. Senior citizens will probably say that having a technology based car that would make it easier for them to get in and out of their car is what they have alwasy wanted. When a person is old and fragile they want to be treated with grace, cars that are more developed will hopefully give their hips a rest from the other cars that are hard to drive and sit in.

Another aspect that will go away with furthur developed cars is the frustrations of a driver always having to be alert. People will make mistakes in driving and with a car that will be watching a driver and ready to correct that mistake, it will make it much more safer for the driver and others that could be potentially hurt from someone's mistake. Accidents can happen in a second and if these futuristic cars can prevent all the deaths each year, then why not furthur develop cars. The developments will have drivers that are at ease. Not always having to be alert and jumpy at the wheel makes everyone happy. The way google uses their cars to have alerts will be perfect for any driver. The story talked about how flashing lights will be put into the cars and sounds to alert the driver of any mishaps. If the technology reaches to even more developments it will be great, for example the drivers will not even have to drive.

The third supporting idea will be how the development of cars could lead to more break throughs in anyway. The cure for cancer could just need a tweak and the develpoment of cars could push that nodge. Yes, cars are totally different than diseases but if one truley thinks about it human beings could begin to furthur develop their brains more in any aspect of technology. Leading forward will have scientists and manufacturers working together in furthur developing cures and even inventions that will help any person with a disability. The help that will be pushed from all this technology just makes the idea of developing these cars more. The technology that will be developed will inspire many things. The break throughs will come from more ideas once developed.

Many people will apose the idea of developing the technology of cars. People believe that people will become lazy but the truth is people are already lazy. Many people die from car accidents and most of the time it is because someone was lazy to focus on the road instead of the radio or forgot that they were drinking. Break throughs with cars will allow people to save lives and put safety fisrt. The development of car should not be stopped but continused because furthur developed cars will help people with disabilities, it will allow alerts to be made for the driver to always be on the watch, it will also lead to other break throughs down the line. Supporting the idea of developing cars should be voted for and people need to realize that change is good.