Have you ever wondered, why students stress themselves up during their summer vacations? Why sometimes they refuse to interact with people around them? Well, the reason of this issue is the "teacher-designed projects." Projects are extremely beneficial and they can be in different forms like posters, presentations, models, videos, etc. Projects are very profitable, especially, in the long summer vacations because these introduces new ideas to students. Researching and building a project should both be interesting to students because then students will place their full effort, due to their enthusiasm. However, some schools require students to complete the teacher-designed projects. This means that students have to complete the teacher's-designed projects. What if the project is about the topic which students do not like to study about? Their lack of interest could lead them towards learning nothing about the specific topic. I believe, that schools must require students to complete summer projects of their own preference to assure they continue learning because it can help students in becoming more knowledgeable about the topic and can assist them in achieving their goals.

The primary reason that why students should be allowed to have their own-designed projects is that it helps them to become more knowledgeable about the particular topic. One example of the benefits of student-designed projects is that the topic which interests them more, they are willing to put their 100% effort in researching and understanding about the topic. For instance, a student have interests in researching about the bad effects of ultraviolet rays from the sun on people. The student who enjoys this topic would not only research about the bad effects of these rays on people, but also would be automatically encouraged to go more dense to its roots, such as, effects on aquatic wildlife, atmosphere, etc. Another example of the benefits of student-designed projects is that the students can teach others about what they have learned through their research. Not everyone is aware about the bad effects of ultraviolet rays. So, the student who is already acquainted with this topic can detail the adverse impacts of these rays to his/her youngsters and even elders. Then the society of ours will also be in less danger because if everyone is aware about the adverse effects of these rays, people will be more cautious and apply precautions to stay healthy. Based on this evidence, schools should require students to complete their own-designed project, as it helps them in becoming more knowledgeable.

Another reason of why schools should require students to complete summer projects of their own choice is that it is helpful in achieving their goals through the research about their interests. All the research that the project requires to have, might convey students to think and choose their particular career path. Teenagers often over think about their future jobs and overwhelm themselves. They might consider going into the field about which they are unaware of. This makes them change their minds swiftly, from one career to another. The shifting of minds affects students when they graduate from their schools, and are unclear about their careers. But, the students which have already researched about the jobs for their careers and have made projects on their interests, they become more successful in their lives. This is because, research made them more aware about the positives and negatives of the specific careers. Another example of the benefit of the student-designed project is that the students who already researched their fields for their careers, will have the potential to make their wishes come true. Successful career paths always provide the good amount of salary. Students can use their this capital to buy houses, cars, etc. Based on these proofs, the students through their own designed projects, can choose a career path that suits them well and can fulfill their dreams.

While the above specific examples shows that the schools should require the students to design their own preferred summer projects, one can argue otherwise. Some people might argue that the teachers are more knowledgeable about what the students should be learning about. That without the teacher's directions, the students will get off task. But, what if the teacher assigns the project about Mahatma Gandhi's struggles in his life? Students even if they lack interest in this topic, have to complete the project anyway. Lacking interests in a specific topic also lead students to a stage where they cannot contribute their 100% to their projects because this is what they don't have their interests in. Therefore, from their little amount of effort, they will not be able to obtain good amount of scores. Whereas, if the teachers themselves asks students to complete their own designed projects, students will never hesitate to provide their 100% effort to the project. This is so because, this would be about something they want to study more and research on. The more effort students put into their projects, the more better they score.

In conclusion, I believe that the schools should require the summer projects to be student-designed and not to be teacher-designed because this helps the students to obtain more knowledge about the topic they enjoy.

Student-designed projects captivates more attention of the students to research deeper and deeper. This eventually helps the students to get to know about that topic from its roots. The idea of Student-designed projects also assists students to achieve their goals, which eventually make them successful in their lives. Through much research, a certain field might get more interesting to a student than before. They might end up choosing that career. That is why, I believe that the schools should require students to design their own-designed projects. 