There has been theories and plans for driverless cars for the future. Scientists have been researching for many years trying to find a way where cars drive themselves. That day has finally came, to a certain extent. These "driverless" cars still need the assistance of humans. So these cars cannot fully drive themselves. The new technology that people are putting into cars, just does not seem like a very well thought out idea. Anything could happen to these driverless cars. In my eyes, and probaly many other eyes, there should not be such a thing where cars drive themselves.

Like I said before, "anything can happen to these driverless cars." Well, that is true. For instance, there could be a malfunction somewhere in the technology when a person is driving on the instertate. And potentially harm that person or many other people. These cars have sensors all around them, they also have dubbed LIDAR to see a 3D image of everything that is happening and sense when they are close to an object or not. What if some of those sensors broke, or something happened to the sensors where they could not detect anything. That person could possibly get injured really bad. Or even put other people at state. Driverless cars can be very dangerous to people and their surroundings. Another problem with these cars is who will be liable if there happened to be an accident? Would it be the driver or the manufacturer? That is one thing that has yet to be determined.

There has been multiple different design plans for these driverless cars. Some of them involved putting dubbed LIDAR and sensors all around and in the car. Others have involved running electrical cables through roads that sent radio signals to a receiver on the front end of the car. Just all sorts of different ideas. But how are people going to pay for these driverless cars. How are scientists going to provide the cost for these cars and run electrical cables through every single road. It is going to be outrageous to construct all of those ideas. Nobody in the right mind is going to want to pay for a car that only drives itself at certain aspects and that cannot guarantee their safety when driving.

Many thoughts and ideas about these driverless cars are genius. Who would not want a car that could drive itself? These cars can steer, accelerate, and brake themseleves. Driving the car still needs human access, but not like it would if these cars could do these things. Driverless cars could change the world as we know it. But there are certain restrictions that need to be solved first.

These driverless cars can be help to some. Could be harm to others. Anything could happen to the car that could potentially harm that person or other people. The liability factor of the car is a big risk. If the car malfunctions, it would be the drivers fault? Nobody wants to deal with that. There are so many cons to this idea of self driving cars. Until scientists or somebody figures out how to make those problems less dangerous, or more reliable. People are not going to think that driverless cars will start to change the world.                                 