"Challenge in Life and its Risks"

Humans have always been interested on exploring planets, countries depending on where you are going, islands, no matter the dangers or risks that can be present there. Then people talk and write about their experiences and what they discovered in there. Exploring Venus can be dangerous, interesting, and scary but excited at the same time.

In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus", the author says that it presents dangers study Venus, but is also a worthy pursuit. Venus and Mars are one of the closet planets to Earth. "Earth, Venus, and Mars, our planetary neighbor, orbit the sun at different speeds.". The atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we had experience in our planet. "Also notable, Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system, even though Mercury is closer to our sun"."Beyond high pressure and heat , Venusian geology and weather present additional impediments like erupting volcanoes, powerful earthquakes, and frequent lightning strikes to probes seeking to land on its surface" But for some people it is still interesting to know more about Venus.

Astronomers are fascinated about Venus, for what is there and what was there long ago. ""Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system". Venus, long ago could be covered largely with oceans and had supported forms of life. " The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes familiar features such as valleys, montains, and craters". So, that can be scary but still for some people is excited to know a a different planet.

People already went to the Moon, Venus sometimes is te=he nearest option for a planetary visit despite Mars. Venus once was probabably covered by oceans and could have supported various forms of life. "Today, Venus still has some features that are analogous to those on Earth". In Venus the tempetures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit." These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encounter on Earth: such an envirionment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our oceans and would liquefy many metals". But anyways NASA is working and having ideas for sending humans to study Venus." Another project is looking back to an old technology called mechanical computers".

It is good that people propuse themselves challenge, and not be afraid of wanting to know more about the world and people should not be limited by its dangers and risks, or the thinking that you cannot do it. If you propuse something and you really want it, you can get it or at least try and work hard on it.