Many people, especially teenagers, are dying because of the use of cell phones while driving. The question is, should people be allowed to use cell phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle.

I believe people should not be able to use cell phones while driving.

People get distracted very quickly when they are on the phone. Many accidents are caused because people try to read or respond to text messages while driving. Even when using a hands free device such as a Bluetooth, talking on the phone is still very distracting and causes the driver to pay less attention to other cars.

According to the National Safety Council (NSC), "Everyday 9 people are killed and more than 1000 people were injured in crashes involving distracted drivers" (National Safety Council, 2019). In the same article, the National Safety Council said that "drivers looking out the windshield can miss seeing up to 50% of what's around them when talking on a cell phone" (National Safety Council,2019).

The NSC also reminds people in the article that your mind can only process one task at a time, so you cannot talk on the phone and read a book at the same time (National Safety Council, 2019).

This is why even if you are using a hands free device to talk on the phone, the conversation is still occupying your mind while you are supposed to be focused on driving.

Most states have fines for being caught texting while driving. If you are texting while driving and kills someone, you could be charged with vehicular homicide or manslaughter. If found guilty of these charges, you could spend a lot of time in jail. I think this is a really good law because even though it doesn't stop everyone from texting while driving, it does stop some people who know this is a law and they could go to jail for breaking it.

In conclusion people shouldn't be able to use cellphones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Many people have lost loved ones and their own lives because of driving while being on their cellphones. Driving while texting and killing someone will put you in prison for a very long time. Distracted driving, like just talking on the phone, causes many accidents. No conversation is that important. Just wait until you are not driving.

Works cited

"Hand-Free Is Not Risk-Free",National Safety Council,National Safety Council,2019,

https:///www. nsc. org/road-safety/tools-resources/infographics/hands-free-is-not-risk-free,

8/30/2019                  