Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to take classes from home by use of online or video conferencing. There is a debate going on as to whether this program would be beneficial to students or not. While it may not be beneficial to every student, it would benefit students with certain issues. This program would be beneficial to many students who have trouble making it to school, who have medical issues, or just do not want to go to school.

Some children have trouble or are unable to make it to school on a daily basis. This is mainly due to an unavailability of buses or students not having their parents available to take them. Because of this, students miss school and fall behind their class. If students were able to take classes from home, they would be able to make classes without having to worry about getting to school. Another reason why online schooling is beneficial is that it would allow students who have medical issues to stay with the class.

Many students miss school days due to medical issues. Some students fall extremely ill or end up hospitalized and are unable to make it to school. Students might also have to take care of a family member who cannot take care of them self. Because of this students end up missing many school days and assignments causing them to fall behind. Allowing them to attend class online would circumvent this issue, allowing them to stay with the class so that when they return, they will not be overburdened with work. It would also benefit students that just do not want to go to school for different reasons.

Some students are unable to go to school whether it be due to bullying, mental trouble, or even religious reasons. Because of this, they end up missing school, falling behind, and being held back from graduating. While they may not want to go to school, some of them still want to graduate. Giving them the option to take classes online, would allow them to graduate and take classes without having to make them attend class in person.

Schools should offer a way of taking classes from home as it would benefit students such as those who have trouble getting to school, who miss school, and those who do not want to go to school. These are only some of the types of students online schooling would benefit from. There are many other students who would benefit such as those who are being discriminated against. Online schooling is an option that should be offered at all schools that are able to provide it, so that students are able to attend school, no matter what situation they're in.            