Have you ever been in a situation where you have very little to no control at all? How anxious were you in this situation? This feeling is something that we have all been through at least onces in our lives. Having known this feeling very well myself, I feel that having Driverless Cars would be a huge mistake. Having the ability to sit back and watch your car drives itself would lead to one being distracted more often because they would have more time to check a phone or send a text. Having independent cars could also result in more accidents that were the after effect of a computer malfunction. Another flaw that was stated in the passage dealt with the fact that if one crashes, there could be an endless fight of who is really liable, the driver or the manufacturer. Having the technology to make self dependent cars would lead to more time for distractions, a higher chances of malfunctions, and law sutis over liablity.

Having Driverless Cars would allow most of the population to have more time to get distracted. If a teen has just gotten a new tablet and wants to get it all set up and go some where at the same time, they would be able to do this. They would jump into their car and start messing with their new toy. If a little kid happens to run into the road while the driver isn't paying attention, the car probably wouldn't have time to react. Now the driver has to deal with a man slaughter charge just becuase the car was supposed to do it for her. The situtation is also a perfect example of how these cars could malfunction.

Another flaw to the new concept of self driving cars is the fact that they could suffer computer malfunctions at any time. If the driver needs to drive through a dirt road, the car could hit a bump that would knock a wire lose that controls the speed of the vehicle. The car could also get rain water into on of the control panels that migh end of leaving one stranced on the side of the road due to an electrical fire. Another computer flaw is that nothing is perfect. Not every single computer hard drive or control panel is going to be exactly right.

One little mistake by the developer could lead to an entire city worth of cars having to be recalled. At this point if a driver is in a recalled vehicle and gets into an accident, who is there really to blame?

The final reason to keep independent cars just a dream is the fact that there is no way to tell who is really liable for the accident. If a civilian is driving through a street in the city while another is on a bike and they hit at a intersection with numerous blind spots, who is going to take the blame. Will the pedestrian on the bike be charged because he wasn't aware of the unknown blind spot? Will the civilian in the car be charged with unvoluntary man slaughter because he/she expected the car to stop, or will the manufacturer be charged because their flawless design lead to the death of a innocent citizen? There are so many reasons to just leave this unlikely vision in the minds of the creators: however, these three are really the things that companies need to pay attention to.

The way that people can get distracted so easily, the way that computers can malfunction, and the way that people will try to put the blame on others are three reasons why companies need to leave independent cars in a dream. People should never have to worry about a car with a mind of its own killing innocent people. The entire idea of Driverless Cars is completely filled with flaws that could lead to infinite problems in the driving world. Driverless cars should not be part of our future or any one else's after that. 