In the passage "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the topic of Venus is discussed. Moreover not just Venus but the exploration and challenges met when attempting this rigourus task. The author provides much imformation to support his claim and does so in an informative and interesting way.

The author makes learning of these challenges interesting but also very informative. For example, they open their passage talking about the ability to see Venus from Earth which, already from the start, connects us to the issue making it seem more important. They then discuss some of the challenge of exploring saying, "humans have sent numerous spacecraft to land on this cloud draped world. Each previous mission was unmanned, and for good reason, since no spacecraft survived the landing for more than a few hours." This opens us up to listen to why the spacecraft are having such a difficult time landing and makes us want to learn of the diffuculties on this unforgiving journey. The author follows this with more information on the finer details of why exactly the ships do not survive when they say, "A thick apnosphere of almost 97 percent carbon dioxide blankets Venus. Even more challenging are the clouds of highly corrosive sulfuric acid in Venus's atmosphere."

Following up the details of the difficult landing the author brings up the reasons why one would want to explore the planet Venus. They say that Venus may have had life on it at one point and talk about how Venus is a sister planet to earth with its size and density being incredibly similar and its terain and sold being nearly the same. Venus like Earth has many landmarks such as: Valleys, Mountains, Caves, and Ravines.

The author does a great job of displaying their information in a way that is informative, interesting, and overall entertaining. They do this by giving large quantites of imformation but stating in an understandable way. I learned a lot about Venus in this particular passage, and that is acreditted to the skill and level of reasearch done by the author of this passage.      