There are many fellow citizens in the world that have been using cars are having car accidents and many more terribles things that have happen during inside of a car or outside of a car. According to the passage, Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters. Is better to take a walk, ride a bike, and make the streets a better place. Especially, that up to 50 percent in the United States, there are car-intensive areas. Car- free day, was a big hit in Bogota, and should make it in the United States one day to leave the streets without traffic jams.

First, fellow citizens should stop the car usage, to make the streets a better place, walk, ride a bike, or do something that would make the streets much safer. The cars usage, many people have died for these terrible accidents. Limiting car usage, is a great idea, because it supports the streets to not become very dangerous. There are many accidents that have caused of a hit-and-run. So is very important that at least the car usage should stop the humanity.

Next, Limiting car usage, is a great idea, because, according to the passage, up to 50 percent in the United States, there are car-intensive areas. Car-intensive areas, such as the traffic jam. Traffic jam, can be very dangerous at some point, and it keeps people very tired and fustrated. According to the article, In Bogota, Colombia, there's a program set to spread to other countries, millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took buses to keep the area as a car-free day, leaving the streets devoiding of traffic jams. So try to ride a bike, walk, skate, or do something, that can be a car-free day, a much safer environment.

Then, Limiting car usage, is a great idea, also, because without cars, and only buses and taxis, a which the main goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog, Violators have faced $25 of fines, according to the article, also. Its a really good opportunity to take away the stress and lower air pollution from cars, especially the stress from traffic jams. As what i was saying in the beggining, that many people prefer to use bike, walk, or skate to keep themselves a much safer habit. If your driving, always put on the seatbelt to prevent from car accidents. Limiting car usage is a great way to prevent from all the car accidents out there in the world.

Last, Limiting car usage is a great way to the environment, makes the countries a better place. Having a car-free day, especially, is a much safer way to its environment. Ride a bike, walk, skate, or take a bus, if necessary, to prevent from all the car accidents out there in the world, it takes away the stress and decrease its air pollution from having a car-free day, and to promote from alternative transportation and reducing smog. Limiting car usage, is great way to our planet, but there is times that we need it for transporting to a place we want to go. Also, using a bike, walking, or skating is a great tool and excercise to our legs to keep our body maintained and healthy.            