Dear TEACHER_NAME, all students should be required to perform community service. This is a great idea because this way students can earn credit points for college, they help their society, and they give good examples to others while socializing more. With community service requirements, it s a win-win situation.

If all students had to participate in community service, they can earn credit points when they go to, or if they are in college, these types of things demonstrate to colleges that their alumni are actually interested in what happens in their surrounding environments, community service in most colleges is thought of as an extracurricular activity. Many universities would appreciate to have a student that does extracurricular activities, especially if those services are ones that help their surroundings.

Secondly, these requirements involve students helping their commonwealth to become a better place. By removing litter from the streets, they help the earth, by reading to young children, the help the people, by volunteering with animals they help nature as well as many other different activities that can be done to help the general public and the world as a whole. Students and families can benefit from such generous actions performed by others.

Finally, mandatory community is a good thing because students can give other people good examples as to what should be done. With students helping out this much, other people can see their effort, and they might also pitch in and help too. Another good thing is that while performing their activities, students can become more social with one another, and they might learn things about their other colleagues that they never knew.

Community service should be a mandatory thing for everyone, not just students but its best to take things slowly. Everyone can benefit from these acts for example, they help students build up a good reputation for college, they contribute to society and the world, and lastly, they present good actions to other people while helping kids with their socializing. Having students perform community services is an amazing idea and it brings great opportunities for the present and the future.