"Luke, I don't understand what you are trying to get me to do!" Bobby yelled at me.

"Bobby, don't you get it? I want you to join the sea cows with me!" I shouted back.

"Well what the point of it anyways? Isn't it basically just farming, but on the sea? Doesn't sound like anything special to me."

I had just explained how Ihad joined a group called the Seagoing Cowboys to my good friend Bobby. I was trying, and trying to convince him to join but, he wouldn't budge.

"Trust me Bobby, it is so much more than that. You'd get to go with me and many other great men, traveling from coast to coast, and sailong sea after sea. We get to explore so many fascinating places and see so many pieces of beautiful architecture." I told him.

"Well, I can see all of thoses things in America, can't I?" Bobby said in a tone dripping with sarcasam.

"No, there is so much more to see everywhere else in the world than what is to be seen here, in America." I said

"But, it's not only that, you'd get to help people that are affected by the war. Bobby, you like to help people, don't you?"

"Well, yes I do, but I'm not sure I am comfortable going over seas with a lot of smelly, messy animals." Bobby argued.

"Bobby, can't you just get past that? You would be able to help people in need, and not to mention the animals, but you are just going to pass that up because you don't want to be living in the same ship as these animals?"

I was quite furious at this point. He was being very stubborn, and I do not like to deal with stubborn people.

"You know what? You be as stubborn as you like. I don't care if you do not want to help people in need. You can be like that, because I've just realized you obviously aren't meant for this. You are not open-minded enough and that obviously isn't your fault." I said fuming, but also holding a hint of sarcasm in my tone.

At that point, I had already gotten up off of the bench we were sitting on and stormed off back to my home. He was obviously too set on his lifestyle to have a change that was probaly for the better anyways. If he wasn't going to participate in this opportunity of a lifetime, I'll just have to do it myself.