The advantages of limiting car usage can be a great way to be protected from the dangers that are found within the driving experience, and support the amount and less usage of greenhouse gas that can destroy our atmosphere.

The andvantage that can be found with limiting car usage can help to be protected from the dangers found within driving. Source 1 explains how Heidrun Walter feels "When i had a car I was always tense. Im much happier this way." Walking and other ways of getting around, other than cars can help people go to places and have that advantage, as source 3 implies "leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams." our technology has been growing at a quick pace and as source 4 mentions " Likewise the rise in cellphones and car-pooling apps has facilitated more flexible commuting arrangements, including the evolution of shared van services for getting to work." All of these new ideas has led to the conclusion that cars are not needed since all these second choices are present.

The Advantage of limiting car usage can help and support the amount and less usage of greenhouse gas that can destroy or atmosphere. Source 1 concludes " Experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions from tailpipes... Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emmisions in europe." Cars are the main reason why our earth can be in danger from all these gases. People need to follow what businessman Carlos Arturo said "it's a good opportunity to take away stress and lower air pollution."  Some countries such as Paris has all ready taken this advantage, source 2 mentions, "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." If people have tryied this change in their lives, others such as one self can too.

The advantages of limiting car usage can be a great way to be protected from the dangers of driving, and support the amount and less usage of greenhouse gas that can destroy our atmosphere. Taking a break off of the car can help our lives be much more safe than sorry. Our lives could be much more easier and not only will we be safe but our planet earth as well.         