The founding fathers established the Electoral College in order to compromise between elections of the President and vice president. This process has help us to elect great presidents in which changed and make our Americas history. The Electoral College is a great process in which we should keep doing it. I favor in keeping the Electoral College because it is a faster and reliable way of electing the president. For instinct, " The Electoral College process consists of 538 electors. A majority of 270 electoral votes is required to elect the President."(Source 1) All the 538 electors that is part of the Electoral College represents millions of people. In order to count all the vote takes a long time so, the Electoral College is a faster way of electing the president.

The Electoral College has a certainty of outcome for who is going to be the president and vice preisdent. But, the electoral college has an invariably exceeds their share of the popular vote. What that means is that, if the popular votes get 55% of your votes but, the electoral college get 62% of your votes. The votes from the popular votes and the electoral votes have different percentage. For this problem  you cant really predict what the Electoral College will elect.

The electoral college in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign. Because of these states like Texas, Florida, California, New York, and other states that have large amounts of Electoral College; they are more likely to vote knowing that their votes are more important because of the winner-take-all method. "The Electoral College restores some of the weight in the political balance that large states lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution."(Source3) This explains that the electoral college is a process that is relivent in keeping some power to the people.

The bad the thing about the electoral college is that the people dont vote for the president , but they vote for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president. This process is not always fair because if you live in florida and you wanted to elect James but slate of 29 Democratic electors pledge to Don, so that means none Replubican electors pledge to James. This means your vote dont really effect the election. This problem is argued and complained with many people. The problem of a tie could happen too but the probility of that happening is not likely.

Overall, the electoral college is process that is fair in most terms. It is a fast and reliable way in which I personially insist and favor of keep doing because the electoral college has help people to reconized the importants of people views and making people reconized how important it is to vote for their government.             