Generic_Name is a freshman in high school who's a very shy person. He stays to himself and doesn't have many friends he tries to fit in but he gets bullied everyday. So this made Generic_Name to stop enjoying school or even stop wanting to do his work. Students would benefit from taking classes at home because it will give them higher self-esteem, it would give them more responsibility, and it will increase their education.

First reason it will give them higher self-esteem kids in school get bullied daily and its makes students not want to learn or make them scared to come to school. All of this would cause depression and make students feel like they are not worth anything. If they could do their classes online at home they would feel safer in the comfort of their own home and get more work done without having the thought of someone bulling them. Some people might come to the conclusion that kids are joking and it's not that serious however, it is because are committing suicide over bullying.

Second reason is it will give students more responsibility this would make sure students get their work in by a certain time without any excuses. Some teachers may let students make up their work but in reality its not benefiting the students who want to go to college because the college professors are not going to be as nice so this would get help them to be prepared. Other people might think that students couldn't handle doing their work on their own time however, they need to realize without giving them a chance they wouldn't know what would be the result.

Lastly, it will increase students education the internet is a big thing in this generation students would be able to learn more things about the different subjects their taking that year. For example history we weren't here when it happen we just know what they tell us the internet could help us learn things the book couldn't. Some people might conclude that students wouldn't use it for educational purposes however, all students aren't like that and shouldn't have to suffer for others behaviors.

In Conclusion, these reasons all benefits the students future and well-being it will help them get a better understanding in life and what the future holds for them.     