Have you ever been in class unsure about what your learning even though you have been paying attention? I'm sure that would be majority of upper classmen students. I can admit I've have been several of times, In my opinion distance learning is a wonderful idea. Students can move at their own pase , you can replay the lesson video as much as needed , and it will prevent you from failing a class.

School can be stressful expecially when you miss a day and you feel like your behind on everything. Then when the teacher explains it to you , If you don't understand you might not want to ask for him/her to repeat it again. This can be avoided by the power of distance learning you'll be able to have classes online so you can move at your own paste. You wouldn't have to worry about asking a staff or classmate what you missed. Also you can take notes and do your classwork whichever way it works best for you.

However some students are visual and independent learners they focus better when they work by themselves. Working in a group at times might not always be the best option. When reviewing for a test or quiz you can go back and reread ,study, and take notes on whatever you're struggling with. Those notes can be reviewed as much as you want. If you're a type of person that has to have things repeated to you multiple times this is a great opportunity for you.

Last but not least , Are you failing a class due to not having enough time to turn your work in? You would probably not have to worry about that anymore because you can do your work at anytime. In class you are given a time limit you have to turn in your assigment. When your doing it online yes im sure there is a due date but you're not told what time your suppose to start at. If your at sports practice or have any free time you can start working on it. In my opinion this will prevent you from failing a class because you can turn it in whenever your ready to.

To sum it up this is an amazing opportunity alot of students should be looking to attend. If your school is offering this to you I highly recommend it. It can keep you on track and motivate you to complete and turn your work in on time so you don't fall behind in class. You can move at your own paste without anyone rushing you. And lastly, you can replay and reread anything as you would like with no limits. This is a big help for students who want to reach their goal of earning a diploma.             