Did you know that automobile accidents are one of the most preventable causes of death per year? With thousands of people dying for small mistakes, there is need for some change. Surely there is a way to make the roads a safer and more secure environment. Google's driverless cars have driven half a million miles without any individual crashes. I believe driverless cars are the safest path for our future on the roads.

Unmanned automobiles have been on their way for a while. These developing autonomous vehicles are using some of the most advanced technologies to keep us away from harm. "In the 1980s automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of antilock wheels." (Driverless Cars Are Coming) The necessary sensors have been in devolopment for over thirty years with improvements along the way such as preventing skids or rollovers. These sensors make the cars easier to operate. Google's modified Toyota Prius has a plethra of new sensors attached to it. Of those, it contains a position-estimating sensor, four radar sensors, a video camera, a GPS reciever, an inertial motion sensor, and a spinning sensor on the roof of the car to make a 3-D models of environments surrounding the car. With all of the upgrades made to this machine, it is a much safer vehicle than it was before and it exerts its dominance in having an untarnished history on the road.

The cars may be able to drive themselves but humans can still take control when necessary. If there is ever an environment where the car cannot navigate properly, like an accident or a work zone, the car will require the human driver to take over rather than taking its regular plotted course. "They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills". (Driverless Cars Are Coming) The notifications for the driver to take control are maximizing the safety of the driver and passengers. Unexpected changes in the path the car has been traveling may require human assistance which shows the driver can still be in control.

In conclusion, I believe autonomous cars are the most secure way to travel the roads. They show superior technology and represent our capabilities to the make the roads a safer place. Driverless cars are the way of future transport safety.