The way technology has changed through out the years amazes many. However, a car that can do the jobs of a human? Now that is just terrifying. The development of driverless cars enforces dependence, not safe, and is not fully developed to be driving without a human behind the wheel.

Nowadays, people are already frustrated by having to drive the car themselves but if you throw in a driverless car in to the mix? That is not safe for the people inside and/or outside the car. As the passage states, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." Also, what if the car is in "driverless mode" and begins to glitch, what is going to happen then? Or, the aftermath of a car accident and someone gets hurt, who is to blame then?

Usually, when people in their adolescence get a car they are thrilled because it is their responsibility to drive that car safely and to be independent. However, with buying a driverless car, all the independence and responsibilty just flies away. In the future, what is going to happen when people feel that way since the car is driving, they do not have to do anything behind the wheel. Or, if someone falls asleep and does not hear, see, or feel the warnings and signals from the car to take control, For example, when the driver's seat starts to vibrate or the flashing lights on the windshield.

A car that is driverless is quite impressive, but then what is the point of having a human behind the wheel. People who are for the development of these types of cars do not get the whole idea behind the problem with these cars. The passage states, "-the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." Big whoop, throughout the years a human's attention spand has sky rocketed downwards. So, even if there was a warning, there would not be a big chance if the driver even saw or heard it.

In conclusion, the development of driverless cars enforces independece, not safe, and is not fully developed to be driving without a human behind the wheel. If we stop this development now, we can stop the risks of what is yet to come in the future on the road.    