Extracurricular Activity

Schools all around the US put great amounts of money and time into school clubs. There are so many different kinds of extracurricular activities or clubs available for students. Although there are many different and unique clubs to choose from, a lot students stay away from joining. If schools were a place where everyone was in a club it would be a better environment. All students being in a club would help the school to keep students competing, keep students fit, and help ready the students for life after high school.

When students get older there tends to be a lack of competition. As time goes on students lose interest in school and are often tempted to stop trying. The lack of effort causes grades to drop as well as happiness. If all students had to join a club of their choice it would help them to be more competitive and raise their motivation. If they have a goal to stay on the club then they will have to keep their grades up and try hard in school.

Many students have trouble staying fit or in shape in more then just one way. Some students aren't physically fit while others aren't mentally fit. Academic school clubs can help students to stay fit in their brain, such as mathematics or robotics clubs. Athletic school clubs can help keep students in shape with their bodies, such as soccer or football. With either club that they choose the outcome will make them better students.

There are many students who graduate without knowing how to handle their life after high school. This is because they had no exposure to high pressure problems or situations during high school. School clubs put students into high pressure situations often. Not only do they put students into high pressure situations but they teach them how to deal with them. If all students do school sports in high school they will come out with knowledge and be prepared for the start of their new life.

School clubs have many benefits. There are so many lessons that they can teach students. They help to keep school students competitive and fit. Most importantly school clubs help students prepare for what their life will be like after high school. These are some of the many benefits of school clubs and how they are important for students. 