"Hmm," said Generic_Name as he thought about what sport he should choose to play after school. "I am completely lost," Generic_Name thought to himself. Generic_Name couldn't make up his mind at all, "Perhaps I should ask someone what sport they think I should play," said Generic_Name. Some time later Generic_Name met up with his friend Generic_Name. "What sport do you think I should play?" Generic_Name asked Generic_Name. "Well I enjoy playing soccer, so I think you should play soccer too" Generic_Name replied. Generic_Name didn't even think about soccer until Generic_Name mentioned it. He thought soccer was a great idea but he also thought he should get more opinions from other people. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make the better choice because they will have more options to choose from, they can make the best choice possible, and they might get ideas that they didn't even of yet.

First, they will have more options to choose from. The more options you have to choose from, the better it is for you. To clarify, someone who gets one opinion doesn't have as many options as someone who gets five opinions. The person who asked five different people for their opinion would have a better chance in making the best choice because he has more options to choose from than the person who only got one opinion. Having more choices to choose from can make you think harder about your final decision. To elaborate, the more choices you have, the more you have to think in order to make you decision. Because you have more options, it will take you longer to come up with you decision. In summery, one way to make the better choice is to have many options to choose from.

Next, they can make the best choice possible. To begin with, you get the chance to decide which option is the best for you. For example, if you had the option to join both the basketball team and the football team, you would join which ever team you like the most. If you like to play football, you would join the football team. If you prefer play basketball, then you would join the basketball team. It's best to have at least three or more different opinions from people that you know because the opinion that they give you could be based off of things that they know that you like to do, see, or even play. For instance, if you ask someone such as you parents, your teachers, or even you friends, which sport you should play, depending on how long you've known them, they can tell you an honest answer that can help you out in making the best choice. To summarize, it is very important to have multiple opinions because they can help you make the best choice possible.

Lastly, they might get ideas that they didn't even think of yet. To start off with, the person you ask could help you make you decision by giving you an idea that you didn't think of. For example, when Generic_Name asked his friend Generic_Name what sport he should play. Generic_Name told him that he should play soccer. Playing soccer didn't cross Generic_Name's mind so when Generic_Name recommended it to him Generic_Name got a new option that he didn't think of before. The more you ask people for their opinion, the more likely you are to get brand new ideas that you didn't think of before. In fact, the more people Generic_Name were to ask, the more brand new ideas he would get. Therefore, getting multiple opinions can increase your chances of getting new ideas that you haven't thought of yet.

"So what do you think I should do?" Generic_Name asked his dad. "Well when I was about your age I played football and knowing how you play it all the time with your friends, I think you should do football." Generic_Name's Dad replied. Generic_Name took it into consideration and really like the thought about playing football after school. Just to be safe Generic_Name asked one more person for their opinion on what he should play. Generic_Name thought it would only be right to ask his favorite gym teacher Mr. Generic_Name since they always do all kinds of activities in his class. "Mr. Generic_Name what sport do you think I should choose to play?" Generic_Name asked politely. "When we played baseball in class you really seemed to enjoy it," Mr. Generic_Name said. "Your right I really did enjoy playing baseball in class, tGeneric_Name Mr. Generic_Name!" said Generic_Name as he waved goodbye to Mr. Generic_Name. Now that Generic_Name had three different options to choose from he was ready to make his decision. Generic_Name though about it for a while until he knew what he was going to choose. "I'll play football!" Generic_Name said. In conclusion, seeking multiple opinions can help someone make the better choice because they will have more options to choose from, they can make the best choice possible, and they might get ideas that they didn't even of yet.