Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Everyday cell phones save the lives of people. I believe that cell phones are a great piece of technology that we all use in our everyday lives. To me allowing students to bring their phones to school and use them during their free periods is a great idea, As long as the students turn them off while in classes. Phones serve a great variety of helpful communication in our lives. An example of this policy to allow phones in free periods would be such as if a student forgot their homework they might be able to call or text someone to come drop it off for them so their grades do not suffer. Also it would make people less shy and more communicative.

If the students agree to this policy of turning phones off turning class time so they are not distracted, there is no way that the phones can cause any harm or distraction to the students. However, if a student is caught with a cell phone on in class or using a cell phone, the punishment should result in a detention and suspension of the phone for the rest of the day. The student could return at the end of the day to receive their phone and detention.

Phones help everyone communicate better. With a phone people can easily talk with just a press of a button. Phones in school during free periods would make communication between students much easier and the life of the school much happier. Also if students were allowed to use phones at school, many students would go out and buy new phones which would only help our economy today in the United States.

Many students grades drop because of their silliness of forgetting homework and projects somewhere. With a phone in school and being allowed to use your cell phone during a free period many students would be able to get their homework or projects etc. dropped off so they could still get full credit on the assignment. Allowing cell phones in school would increase grade averages in the school which would be very good for the schools reputation.

Allowing the policy of cell phones in school during free periods could only help our schools and economy. To not accept this policy would just be an unintelligent mistake. Due top all the great benefits cell phones have to our everyday lives. TEACHER_NAME I really hope you make the right choice and accept this policy.

Sincerely,

SCHOOL_NAME

Student      