Whenever we feel lost or lacking in information to make a decision we often find ourselves asking questions to help understand the topic, just like many of history's famous philosophers or scientists. Such as the famous Amelia Earhart who questioned her society and its many leaders and their sexist beliefs, and the prodigy Albert Einstein who questioned his colleagues and fellow scientists about their mathematics and science theories. Both were inspired by asking themselves a question and still tried to find a better and more refined answer to support their decision and came out on top, and becoming heroes in history. Therefore, seeking multiple opinions really can help someone make a better choice by processing both sides of a topic, and receiving more information.

Seeking multiple opinions gives us two sides or more, of each topic we question. One example would be if the earth is flat or spherical in shape. Although this topic hasn't been fully debated yet. We could fully understand why both sides are so defensive by asking about their opinions. Hearing what both sides have to say can also shed light onto smaller debates that could have a bigger impact on the whole entire issue. Unfortunately, asking for other's opinions can also have some downside effects. Such as false information or too much bias to uphold that statement. Nonetheless, asking for others opinions can still help us understand their side of the topic, and quite possibly what they know that we don't.

We can also obtain more information about a topic by seeking multiple opinions. Not only do scientists and philosophers gain from more information when seeking opinions, but even the mightiest and greatest leaders of history, such as Gandhi who questioned his country and learned of an imperialistic Britain that was corrupting their way of life. When we question many others about their opinions we are given insight into what we missed or had forgotten in the past. Although, when asking others we receive a lot of things that we don't understand yet, so we tend to look it up on the internet out of curiosity and the burning questions we have. Unfortunately, even the internet can't give us all the right answers to our questions, and this will often lead us in the wrong direction.

You'll realize that the one small topic that you may have chosen out of the infinite possibilities, has given you a large amount of answers. By asking one question you came up with hundreds more, and your knowledge on the topic may have been much better than when you first started by asking that one little question. Which proves that seeking others opinions really can help you make a better choice by giving you both sides of the topic, and receiving more information.            