Mrs. Principal,

I strongly disagree with the notion you are putting forth to change school policy and make it conform with your idea of limiting sports and other activities to students who have at least a B average. As you well know, many students have a C average. I am writing to you to propose three reasons why you should not put into practice this effect.

For many students, P.E. and elective classes provide the only break they have through the entire eight-hour school day. If you do this, Mrs. Principal, you will be ridding the one thing that many of us look forward to. These classes give us a break from the monotony of doing nothing but class work. Thus, we become more tired, and score worse on our tests and quizzes. If you put this proposition into effect, you will be harming your school's appearance. So, actually, you will be harming yourself, Mrs. Principal.

Physical education classes offer students the opportunity to show that they have something special. When students engage in team sports, they show character and good sportsmanship. Being in P.E. also can let a child explore their options in being fit. I also think that students do better when they can decide what kind of sports to play. Sports can give a child a better future, especially because they can receive a college scholarship for their ability to prove themselves in this field.

Giving students their elective classes takes them beyond the realm of droll school work, and opens up a world of possibilities. Students can take Band, Guitar, and Piano, just to learn how to play instruments! And, also, isn't being technologically savvy an important thing in today's society? Having the choice to take keyboard and computer classes can enhance a students likeliness to succeed. As I mentioned before, these classes can take a burden off of students, and can make a day of quizzes seem like a day of fun!

Having a good physical education class and elective can prove a student's worth. So, I implore you, Mrs. Principal, please don't make the change between our current policy and change it to the one in which you think is better. I believe that I speak for all the students when I say that we want to keep our P.E. class and electives. Please think about what you would be doing.

Your student,

STUDENT_NAME