I believe that a driverless car would be benificial in the sense that if you cannot afford to fly in an airplane for long distance travel then you could use the driverless car. The only way you would have to take over for the car is if the situation occurs like an accident or heavy road construction. If you are driving to California or Florida for example it would be alot more comfortable to do so then having to drive all those long hours. You might also have to stop for gas every once in a while but that is acceptable. The benifits of the driverless car are endless. If a certain car company puts in a television into the center dashboard then the driver could move his or her seat back and relax and watch tv. They could also just sit back and enjoy the ride. Much better then having to drive a long distence thus running the risk of falling asleep or getting dristracted by a phone or something like that. if need be the car shuts off the tv automaticlly and moves the seat back in the set position and the driver takes over. The sensors would be able to sense something far down the road to give the driver enough heads up to be able to take control of the car in time. A luxury car company like Cadillac or Audi could also make the interior of the car more comfortable and more enjoyable to make the long distence drive more worth while then flying and going through airport security and all those lines when you could hop in a driverless car and jump on the highway and let the car take over. The car company would also have to make the car more safe if an accident were to occur. I would much rather ride or drive a driverless car then having to risk falling asleep at the wheel. We all know how dangerous that is. Thats a big problem for the U.S and the soulution is the driverless car. This i think would be a great idea for car companys and would make them alot of money. If they could make these cars affordable. There are a few draw backs to this car but i think its a great idea.  