Majority of students that attend school are assigned a project over the summer to assure they continue learning during their break. Those projects that are assigned are teacher-designed or sometimes, student-designed. Students argue that summer projects are better off being designed by themselves. Projects assigned over the summer are beneficial being teacher-designed because teachers have knowledge on what the students need to continue learning.

First, when students go on summer break, their main focus is getting a break away from school. When allowing teachers to design the projects, it makes a promise that students will have all of the right knowledge; The teachers design the project long enough so the students can gain enough knowledge to continue learning. Giving the student an opportunity to design their project only means they will design the easiest task. When students are put in charge of designing their project, they have a chance of getting off topic and not doing it over the summer.

Second, students have been with their teachers the entire school year. Teachers get to know their students and know what they are capable of doing. Not all students have the same learning capability, therefore, the teachers might not give a student a hard designed project. When the student is in charge of designing their project, they might design a project that they think they can do, but the teacher could disagree. Teachers are doing their students a favor and analyzing them to create a well designed project fit for their knowledge capability.

Some may say, students are better off designing their own project because they know what will be best for themselves over the summer. That student-designed projects will give students a window of opportunity to show their maturity on creating a project. However, not every student has that maturity level or creativity level to design a project that meets their teachers standards. Majority of students rely on teachers to design something for them that would best fit their criteria to continue learning.

In conclusion, teacher-designed projects assigned over the summer are more beneficial to students. Teachers have knowledge on how long a project should be so the students cannot make them shorter for their own benefit. Students do not realize how much a teacher benefits them in analyzing what the student needs to continue learning. Projects that are assigned over the summer should be teacher-designed.