Should students participate in school activity? Now there many schools start to let students participate in some of the activity during school or after school. Some activity may interest you but some don't. I think students should at least be participate in one of the activity because participate in the activity help you learn more new thing, met new peoples, and more time to do something you like.

If you join or participate in any activity I think that will help you learn more. It can help you learn something you like or help you with your future career. Sometime your future career depend on what activity you do or what you learn from it. For example, if you join a sport team than maybe that can help you in the future if you want to be a sport player. You can also serve on the student council to help the school ready for the school event or activity that will help you learn new thing when you go around the school to check on what other class doing and you can learn from that also show your leadership.

Secondly, you can also met new friends during the activity. In some of the activity may required team work so you can met new friends. Sometime when you join the activity that you want but you dont have any friends there you can meet new people to be friends with. If you participate in the activity that will help you learn new thing from your new friends too. Meet new teacher who you not familiar with but they can help you at anytime as they can when you need them. You can also practice after school with friends for the activity.

Lastly, that you can enjoy in something you like. Some of the activity may be something you like to do or enjoy doing it. You may already learn how to do that activity but you don't know well about it. When you don't know a lot about that activity you can participate in it or join it that will help you know more about it and what to do. Maybe you can't have many free time because you participate in the activity but that can help you in the future skills too and that also what you want to do for a long time.

In conclusion I think you should participate in the school activity. The school activity may help you know new skills, met new people you never know, and enjoy your time at the activity. Sometime it not only think you learn in school can help you but the activity also can help you learn. It not important in what you can do but the important thing was in what you can learn and show what you learn. Participate in activity can help in you in many different way.     