Has asking other people for advice worked out for you? IÃ‚Â´ve seen many great outcomes of people taking advice from others, but some people still question it. From my own personal experience people have taken my advice, and things would work out for me if I took theirs. Asking multiple people for advice can help, because they can give you a new perspective of the problem, and you can listen to each opinion and choose the best one for your solution.

Imagine if you switched bodies with somebody for a day. WouldnÃ‚Â´t you be curious as to how they live your life.

Hearing a different perspective of the story may solve your problem. You could tell your friend about an argument you had and ask what you should do about it. They might give you new ideas or parts of the story that you didnÃ‚Â´t even think about. Their ideas and opinions on the situation could be the answer that you need. There might be parts of the issue that you looked over or didnÃ‚Â´t see where you were in the wrong for what you did. That new perspective can give you a huge realization towards everything and it can give you a new perspective as well.

Usually people donÃ‚Â´t want to hear other peopleÃ‚Â´s opinions, but this may be the one time that they do. Listening to each of those solutions and opinions from different people will probably help the most. Out of all of the opinions you might hear, you know which one is best for you. This way you have multiple options and can probably see how they would end. I also think that peopleÃ‚Â´s answers to your situation may be different based on what you are to them. For example, what if you asked your best friend, your mom, and your grandma for advice on whether or not you should go to the mall. Your friend tell you that you should go so that you guys can hang out. Your mom would tell you to go but after you finish your chores and your grandma would probably say yes because you need to live life to the fullest. All advice may be great, but itÃ‚Â´s still based on your decision and what you choose to do.

In my opinion, some of the best advice I have gotten has been from other people and I think that theyÃ‚Â´ve really helped me make good decisions in life. Not saying that it would work out for everyone but just saying it has been helpful. In conclusion, advice you get from others may be some of the best advice that you will get, but it depends on if you choose to use take it or not.