We all need help or an opinion on something from time to time, like writing a paper. When we go to get said opinion, we often ask multiple people. It seems like a simple and basic thing, which it is, but why do we do it? Well I believe people look for multiple opinions because the work can be more thoroughly checked, get approval from different types of people, and allows us to socialize with friends.

Having something checked multiple times decrease the chance that somethings wrong. Lets say that while reading an essay you wrote, whoever's checking it over might not notice a misplace comma or a chance to and a richer vocabulary. The more people that read it, the more likely those things will be noticed. Its a very basic concept that is sometimes overlooked. Always make sure to check your work multiple times to find its best form.

Having a variety of people look over your work is a great thing to do. The more people that get to put their two-cents into a work, makes said thing more likable. Like if your writing a short story and your friend who likes comedy gives you their ideas, and then your friend that is into mysteries gives you some tips to make it more suspenseful. There, thats two people with two different personalities and liking's that agree that your story is good. Its a great way to make a story that appeals to a lot of people.

Humans are naturally social creatures. We like to talk to each other a lot, and for good reason. Having a casual conversation with a friend often feels calm and unstressed, clearing your mind. If your really feel unsure about what your creating, having an off-topic conversation with a friend can help you make better choices for what you making. Tranquility is often the key to success.

So why do we look for multiple people when we want advice. It allows us to check our work multiple times to eliminate any mistakes. We can make our work more likable by more people. Finally, talking to people we know well can help us work more efficiently and relaxed. You can make anything ten times better, just by asking for a little help.