Let's imagine for a second that every student across the country has a computer that could recognize if a student was confused or bored with a lesson. This technology, known as the Facial Action Coding System, could then modify the lesson to either make it less confusing or more interesting to the student. Not only would this benefit students, but it would also benefit teachers, schools, and the overall learning of everyone in the country as well.

First the benefits would start with the students. Lessons would make sense and be engaging for all students. Classes would start to be more enjoyable to attend since everyone would understand the content. Less students would be likely to miss classes with such engaging lessons. The less classes the students miss, the more they understand and learn. Eventually grades and test scores would improve as well, making schoolwork less stressful. In general students would be learning more content in an easier way which would make them happier about school and learning in general.

Teachers would be next in line to benefit from the new technology. A teacher's success is based on the student's success. With the students learning more, doing well on tests, and being happier overall, a lot of the strain put on teachers would get taken away. Teachers are able to relax more and maybe even get paid more from the success of their students. Parents wouldn't have to blame teachers for not giving their children a chance to succeed either. With students and teachers benefiting from the Facial Action Coding System, schools would benefit as well.

Happy students and teachers means happy schools. With grades and tests improving, schools would become well known for making students successful. This means schools could get more funding to make sure they are able to keep everything running smoothly. Schools across the country would be able to make sure all students are being educated to the fullest extent that they can be. The overall learning of this new generation of students would greatly increase the overall learning of the country as well.

In short, everyone would benefit from the Facial Action Coding System. Students would learn more and be happier, teachers would be less stressed, and schools would then be more successful as well. If every student across the country had access to this technology, then the overall learning and happiness of everyone would greatly increase.