Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

Yes I thinking that the students can take classes in their home,if they life far away form the schools is a benefit for them, but is good, and ban idea take classes in your home, the bad idea is in you home you no have other person for help your self or your teacher not will there, if you have questions to ask to him or her, if more difficult for you understand for your own self you need some person for show you the process of the classes. The good idea maybe is you can read and write only you in your room, if you want you can listen your favorite music, eat food, drink soda, etc. In poor countries the students can not go to the school, because the schools don't have the sources necessaries for them; they can take class only or video conferencing if their family can bring, it will a benefit for their future for a better life.

Some times the reason for take classes online no always is the same reason, In my school Generic_School a lot students takes classes only in their laptop, and not for the same reason they takes the class only my friend Generic_Name he are in the same grade that I he has one classes only, but him no live far away form the school he live very near, one day he tell me I take one class online. Why?

I ask to him, and he say, because I have nine classes in my periods. I need to take one only for take the all classes, he tell me, o really I say to him. For this reason say what not always the reason is the same.

Some students also take the online class, because they have a job and can't go to the school.

One benefit for takes classes online is that you can learned how do use that computer, maybe after you liked everything about computer and you follow a career about computer, this is a good benefit and offer more benefit, for your future, you can be a professional about computers or teacher about this, but no all is benefit, because if used the computer a lot time have risk for your heath your eyes are can by the first problem if you not have care, you will need to visit your doctor for that not happen bad things, your doctor tell you what you can do for solution the problem. Other problem for this can be the work in team if you take class online you never work with others students, and when you will go to ask for job a some company, and the boos tell you.

What is your experience working in team? Which will your response? This is one bad reason for take online class.

In my school I take one class only this class is call PE 10. I need to past this class for graduation for my is a fantastic benefit takes my class only is more easy, and

I can repeat the test a lot times, and learn more about PE, and the language English. Is a big benefit for my own self. All this for this, I think that classes online is 70% good things, and 30% bad things in my own opinion the others person can have others opinion, because no the all people thinking equal or have the same mind like me, no only is in this school is on all around of the world that schools offer learning to the students and online or video conferencing.

In my conclusion I think that the students that live far away from the school take the classes online or video conferencing, because is more difficult for them go to the school, they have a good reason for take the class online,

and the other students from classes that live near of the school can take the class online only for homework, or if they have the same problem like to my friend Generic_Name o like me. The principal, teacher, etc. need to know how is the position of each students if they need o not need to take the classes online, in my opinion is more better, if you go to the school and work with others students.    