Dear Principal,

Community services are important to are community because people volunteer for no reward at all. I think that community services should not be required. They shouldn't be required because the take time away from other activities and the should only be performed if that person wants to.

Community services take time out of persons schedules. Some people might say that they can make room, however they're times when you can't unchanged something. An example of this is a doctors appointment that can only be filled on the day and time they said the would. Another example is a practice for sports when the coach plans ahead for when the game should be played and the players don't even get a say in what they want. Also, people may need to do homework or already have a job and can't do it. An example of this is when teachers hand out homework and the kids fall behind on it because their volunteering. Also, when a kid has a job the don't need to do more volunteer work when they already are. Community services take away time.

Volunteer work is not wanted by many people. Some people might say they can switch to another activity, however if they want a activity that someone else has they can't do it. An example of this is when someone thought the wanted to tutor but then realized it was horrible and waned to switch to pets but someone else already had it the have to stick with tutoring. Another example is when you must be assigned a volunteer job and can't choose it and it's luck if you actually get one you wanted. Also volunteers may think there workers are not good. An example of this is when a person works with a friend ,but the friend make them do all of the work and the boss thinks both people did it. Another example is when you dislike your boss will tell you to do something ,but someone tells them they can't do and the boss blames them. Volunteer work is not wanted by many people.

I hope that this will show why not having required volunteer work is good. It takes away time and is not wanted by many people.