I disagree that this Facial Action Coding System is benefical for the classroom. There are many things about this that could go wrong. This type of tecnonly would not be valuable to our schools.

Although all of the facial recognition sounds good, there are some parts to it that could be bad. There are many things that could turn out to be negative. Here is a question to think about: Is he downgradeing teachers? In the sixth paragraph Dr. Huang of the Beackman Institute for Adveanced Science predicts, "A classroom computer could recgonize when a student is becomeing confused or bored", he continues with, "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." I believe he is trying to say that teachers don't do enough so we have to bring in a computer instructor to make it less boring. This is not only bad for the students, but also the teachers.

This also can be a distraction in class. While the teacher is giving a lecture about an important skill that students need to learn, there are students in the back of the classroom trying to mess around with the facial coding system by trying different faces and causing a disruption. Kids are easily distracted and this is just another distraction from keeping kids engaged and focused on the studies that they will need for the rest of their life.

While a child is learning, for instance, a math program site, they could be trying to get in it but there are ads that pop up ,in paragrah 6 it states that "if you smile when a Web ad apperars on your screen, a similar ad might follow. But if you frown, the next ad will be different." If a child looks away from the computer at his/her friend to wait for he ad to be over that he/she doesn't want, and smiles while glancing down to the screen to see if the ad is over, the computer could take this as a happy signal for the ad. So then it will play another one that is similar to the ad that the child did not want.

So, no, I do not believe that this technology would be a very good tool to express in the classroom. I believe that there are lots of things that could go wrong, and not enough right. I don't think that this Coding System would be valuable to our schools. 