"All students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity."why? well because it helps you a lot in the future or now so the principal is right on letting every student do an extracurricular activity.

To me each student actually should participate in one or more activity. Because it helps you mentally and emotionally,and helps you get collage credits and be healthy. Many research has proven many reason why people should do at least one activity to help you benefit in life .Research has proven people who have done sports most likely wont have heart attacks or won't even have breathing problems or mostly any issues.

How it helps you benefit in staying fit or healthy or both is well playing a sport can really help you lose weight .help you be more active like for example playing baseball,basketball,track or even being a cheerleader and many other sports can help you a lot more then you think, because research has proven a lot that people who are more active are people who are benefiting from it a lot .

Another way it helps you is emotionally is because you get distracted and you dont think about the stuff that is stressing you all the time. you know you have a break from what is keeping you stressed because you are having fun. for example of having a way to distract yourself isn't just sports its working with other like helping out the councilor, helping out in making the yearbook, helping around in the school and not being just about you when your just thinking all about you well that is the problem. Instead of have all the students separated you can put all of the students each in different groups everyday that way people get to know each other and have fun .

collage credits also matter and playing a sport or just helping around the school would look amazing on a collage application . Extra activities would make a lot more collages be interested in you and most likely be interested in giving you a scholarship. You mostly get into a great collage because all the extra credit actually helps you get noticed by a lot of collages because they aren't just looking for people who have good grades they are looking for people who actually are more outstanding. Like grades are great, but how can you handle being nice . Have certain thing taken care of before anything . well how you take certain things serious because if you can't take your own high school classes seriously how are you going to take care of your classes in collage .Also collages are seeing how independent you are, and how well you do around others .

Having all the students do one or more extracurricular activity will benefit them so much of a lot of reasons why actually so you should try it out .Also because it doesn't hurt you to give it a try . I agree fully with the principal because not everything is a lot what you want you have to just go with it .