Driverless cars are something we've envisioned and witnessed before in entertainment shows or movies. However realistically these cars are not something I would want in our every day lives. Many reasons contribute to my thoughts on this, some being that they will be very expensive, unsafe, and pointless for the driver.

These automated cars that can drive due to sensors, and 360 cameras with special high tech features all combine into one pricey vehicle. Buying such cars will not only empty our wallets but lead to annual cleanings, repairs, and more if a peice of technology gets damaged. As mentioned in the article, "Dubbed LIDAR it uses laser beams to form a constantly updating 3-D model of the cars surroudings." The amount of money it would take to replace or refurnish this particular part would cost thousands if not hundreds of dollars. It creates an image so it can mimic the skill of a human at the wheel, without it the car is no longer driverless. Paying large amounts of money for a car that can drive itself and may even be unsafe anyways is a waste.

This leads into my second main point as to why these cars should not be supported. They are unsafe for both the people in the car and other drivers on the road. "Traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times. As a result, in most states it is illegal even to test driven cars." This exerpt from the article alone proves that if various states are not comfortable with 100% computer driven cars that they should not be used or be on the road in the first place. Many computers or robots make mistakes, if one small malfuction were to occur during a trip, it could cause serious injuries or fatalities to people on the road and the car itself. Driverless cars should not be trusted to handle everyday commutes to jobs or other places because they are unsafe.

With new cars that can drive themselves it lacks for the younger generations to learn how to drive in the first place. Teenagers or young adults will not have the tendancy to take drivers ed courses because it is assumed that the car will handle all situations. However, all drivers should have basic knowledge when on the road. Driverless cars will lessen the amount of real driving with the upcoming generations.

Lastly, in the article it mentions that drivers must always be alert even with driverless cars. "...all are designated to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over when the situation requires." If the driver is required to sit in the vehicle and do nothing but stare at the road ahead, it is pointless to have the car drive itself when it should naturally be able to handle driving on its own. Not only will the driver be bored, they will also have the urge to take over instead. This completely defeats the point of having a driverless car if the driver is left with the same job.

Technologies are advancing and with so many different things being invented or modified we tend to forget that some things should just remain the same. Not only for the safety of others but for the knowledge of others that will soon be driving like the rest. Driverless cars should not be allowed merely because it cannot truly mimic and take control of unexpected situations like a human can.             