Arguing whether the use of the techonology to read the emotional expressions of stuidents is good idea and is it great techonology they have invented because now you can see how other people really feel and you would not think wrong, another thing is you can also tell how the other person feel about you. Even though i think this is a great idea, some people may not like it and feel offend by this idea because no technology or computer could tell how a person is really feeling. No techonolgy is hundread percent correct.

Using this techonolgy ti read emotional expressions of student in the classroom it is valuable because when a students is feeling down or depress you would know so you could help them. Another things not much students are going to like this becuase some poeple don't like to tell people how they really feel. They don't like public to know. So it will be embrasse to them. I think using a computer to read poeple emotional would not work on everybody it's not like everyone is willing to tell the public their problem or anything.

Using the techonolgy to read emotional expressions, some people will love it because it said in the article,

"You can tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face. Mos of us would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that appear" i agree with you can't actually tell how a person feeling just look the facial expression, using the technology it tell exacally how many percent the person is feeling so it would tell you how they are really feeling. As it say in the article "we humans perfom this same impressive "calculation" every day. Having the techonolgy in an classroom is not a good idea though. Why have a technology in a classroom when you know already how a student would feel about school.

I think these kind of technology would be useful to use in thearpy or pyspath hospital because you would know exactly how a person is feeling so you can help them and make them feel better. Having this techonolgy is a geat idea but it depend where you use and not a classroom. 