Statistics state that about 85% of schools require students to complete projects during summer break. Almost every project planned is teacher-designed. Many may agree that teachers should not design these projects but allow students too. Some may believe that projects should be teacher-designed for the ciriculum. I believe that summer projects should be student-designed because they will be more diverse, students are more likely to complete them, and they can understand it better.

Many projects that teachers design may not be appealing and creative. Teachers may repeat the same projects again and again to give to students. Students should be able to have fun and be enthusiatic when creating a project. A great deal of students are very creative and diverse and can show on the projects they create. Students will be able to express themselves and show their ability to complete summer assignments over breaks. It would motivate students to create a great project to present. Projects would be more appealing to students if they were able to choose their own.

A statistic said that over 50% of students do not complete their summer projects. Most of the projects created aree teacher bases. This shows that many sturdents are uninterested in the summer projects that teachers plan. If students were allowed to design their own summer project, it would benefit more students. The rate of students compleating their summer assignments would rise.

For example, students want to be able to have a great time during their break, not be required to complete school work. So having them create their projects would mean, many more students would be more willing to create their projects during the summer.

Students may have trouble understanding what a teacher is requiring them to complete in the summer projects they assign. They also may not be able to contact the teacher, to get information to get a better understanding of the project. Students understand themselves better than anyone else can. If the student does not understand the requirments, it could discourage them in completing the task. So I agree with allowing students create their projects for a better understanding.

To conclude my thoughts, I agree that summer projects should be student designed because they will become more diverse, students are more likely to complete them, and many are able to analyze them better. Students have many ways of expressing themselves through their work. Students creating their own projects and completing them shows that many are interested. I believe it is a better way of learning for students. It motivates students to do better, complete their work, and be more diverse!