Imagine your country baning driving because of pollution,countrys like Europe and Germany have banned people from driving and if they do it's a fine. In my belief I think its a positive and healthy way to get around town. My reasonings are that it's  healthy way to get around town. It's not polluting the air with harmful chemicals. Even young people driving decreased 23 percent between 2001 and 2009, if this gets to every state in America and people learn more about it, This can become the new culture in every culture. Vauban, Germany's residents gave up their cars and mst of them are soccer moms with jobs, they gave up cars to lower pollution in their country.

To begin most people would find it stupid to give up their cars and ban them because of pollution. Other countrys including some parts of the United States have given up their cars and riding bikes instead, New york has a program called bike-sharing program, studies are suggesting that Americans are buying fewer cars and people are driving less and getting their licenses are decreasing as each year goes by, That's leading researchers to believe has America passed driving? Bogota Columbia has banned cars thats still lasting to this day,even in the rain they bike. 70% families do not own cars, and 57% of people sold their car to live in Vaundan, Germany. According to Heidrun Walters, a media trainer and a mother of two said "when i had a car I was always tense. I'm much happier"(Heiden Walters, media trainer paragraph 3). Even this mother of two was happy to give up driving.

Furthermore to validate my point on banning cars and riding bikes, every other country is doing it for their sake of pollution, paris banned driving do to its smog, 4,000 drivers were fined. Arent people geting sick of the traffic and the expensive gas to fuel the car, According to David Goldberg, an official Tranportation for America stated that "All of our development since world war 2 has been centered on the car, and that will have to change"(David Goldberg, an official Transpotation of America paragraph 7). Theres my other point some point america has to change their ways on cars. I know how much people love their cars, But isn't time to change our ways of transportation, I know riding a bike is less expensive then driving a car, which gas prices are increasing and so is our pollution. You can sit and complain about gas prices and how car insurance is riduliously high or you can give up your car, save money and ride a bike.

America if you car so much about pollution and money then I suggest to you to ride a bike, and dont complain how much money your spending on gas. I'm putting my own thoughts to this essay and proof to you that we should change our ways, maybe even think of your own ideas and save money, while doing the next generation a favor and stop polluting the air with harmful gases that can effect us later in life.                     