People are getting smarter and technology is getting more advanced. One of those technology is the driverless cars. The development of this is a bright idea. This will change the world in a positive way. The vehicles will come in handy and will be useful for multiple situations. It would decrease the amount of accidents there are by a huge amount. The driver can make the choice, whether they want to drive or for the vehicle to do the job.

These automobiles will have tons of sensors. Before the year 2000, it was hard to turn these ideas into reality. The author said, "the sensors weren't there, the computers weren't there, and the mapping wasn't there." But, it is now the year 2016 and the world has developed and changed. Making these cars wouldn't be too hard of a work.

Driverless cars would mean less accidents. One of the top cause of accidents occur while people text while driving. If they do develop these cars, this wouldn't happen anymore because the automobile would do the job for them. So, they'll be able to send messages and do whatever, whenever. This plan includes a lot of safety for people in the car and out of the car.

Also, drivers have more than just one choice. Even though the car itself can do the steering, accelerating, and braking for the human, the human can just turn on the in-car system and drive. This system exists to entertain the drivers. There are people out there who just drive for the fun of it, so why not include this option along? This can be turned on and off instantly according to what the driver wants.

In conclusion, if people want to increase the population of the world, they would to agree to this plan. Driverless cars would make the earth a safer place for every human being. The car is in control of itself. There are many sensors to warn for cautions and dangers. Automakers want to make these cars that only exist in movies to come true for a good reason. Also, it's not like people will never drive again. There are choices. The driverless cars would make a great amount of difference. It would have a huge impact to our society.