Thoughts and emotions racing through my mind the sweating and panting was getting worse. It was just a choice that needed to be made. I think that it's important to ask multiple people for advice when someone is making a choice. It helps people learn more and gain a better experience.

Asking multiple people for advice helps people learn more. Firstly, it helps others acquire more knowledge. When someone asks multiple people for advice, not only do they get opinions, but they also get an insight on that particular person's past. As a result, it causes people to learn new life-lessons or morals. Secondly, it also helps that person be more aware of how to deal with that choice in the future. When someone gets advice or opinions from multiple people they can learn how to use those opinions when those choices appear later in their life. That advice will help them without having to worry or contemplate their decision. Lastly, it teaches that person how to be aware of their resources. It teaches them that their not alone and increases their confidence in their decision. For example, when I was in third grade I didn't know if I should tell someone that my friend was being bullied. So, I talked to my parents and my sister. In the end, they helped me be more confident with my choice of telling my teacher what was happening and I knew who I could go to if it occurred again. It's important to ask more than one person for advice because it teaches people in a different perspective.

Secondly, asking multiple people for advice helps to gain a more interesting experience. It gives someone multiple ways to deal with a decision. Once someone gets multiple ways to solve a problem they're less stressed on how to solve it. As a result, it also ends up going much more smoother than expected. These situations are almost like a GPS, which gives you multiple directions. Sometimes the GPS gives you different routes or exits. However, people end up choosing the best route for their situation. Getting advice doesn't just teach someone about how to deal with the problem, it also teaches them about the person giving them the advice. When someone learns from other people, they also learn more about the person. They can get an understanding of that person's personality or how they grew into the person that they are today! After, it can help gain a special bond with that person. For instance, this can involve gaining a special form of trust with someone and helping them find someone to rely on. There are many trusted adults which can help give advice. Some examples may be a teacher, counselor, older sibling, or relative. Getting advice from multiple people helps others gain a more intriguing experience.

In conclusion, I believe that it's important to ask multiple people for advice when someone is making a choice. It helps people gain more information and it helps others have a more compelling experience. Wouldn't you want to open up your life to more wider possibilities for your future?