Throughout the course of our history,education has always been placed amongst the most important necessities,as it not only helps us learn and better ourselves,but because it also opens new doors and possibilities for us. In the past,schools couldn't offer differing alternatives,because technology wasn't as present as it is today. Schools can now offer education to students,all while being at different locations. By students taking classes at home,they'll be able to benefit because they won't feel as socially distressed as they would in person,the level of education could be better and possibly help them graduate earlier,and they wont't have to endure social issues, such as bullying. Many people tend to believe that because they go to school,they won't have a hard time adjusting and fitting in with the masses,but to contrary beliefs,there's a lot of people who do struggle with social anxiety and overall,tend to have a hard time fitting in. Firstly,an example of this, is my cousin Generic_Name. He does have friends,but he feels extremely overwhelmed by being around so many different people,mostly because he's always struggled with social anxiety. Generic_Name decided that he would still like to pursue and attain his education,so he started looking for different alternatives that could help him do so. After much research and gathering of information,he concluded that distance learning was the best choice for him,as he wouldn't have to endure overwhelming amounts of people,or feel pressured by the constant necessity of having to wake up early during the mornings. Another example would be my friend Generic_Name,who never really had problems of fitting in and making friends,but overall disliked the whole ordeal of the school system itself. She then decided to pursue her education through another medium,that medium being,distance learning. Secondly,what a majority of people don't tend to realize,is the fact that you could achieve a better education,and even graduate at an earlier rate. This is another benefit of distance learning. Many people tend to believe that attending school,actually decreases their chances of being able to graduate early and of becoming more independent from their families at a younger age. Many individuals throughout the course of the world,utilize distance learning because they would like to achieve their educations at a faster pace,than those who are enrolled in schools. A prime example of this,is my friend Generic_Name. He was an excellent student while at school,but he wanted to find a way of being able to take advanced courses,that not only prepared him for college and provided him with advanced credits,but also helped him graduate at an earlier age. Generic_Name is now a professional,with a degree in marine biology. He achieved these accomplishments,all at the young age of 25. Another example would be my other friend,Generic_Name. She had always excelled at school,but she wanted an alternative that provided her with a better education and a chance of being able to enroll into college at a younger age. After much thought and consideration,and much conversation with her family and peers,she ultimately decided that distance learning was the best choice. As of now,Generic_Name has graduated at the young age of 17,and is estimated to graduate out of college at the young age of 19. Finally, an issue,that as of now,still affects many schools around the world,is bullying. Bullying has been an issue that has always caused concern amongst the masses,and sadly,it's an issue that is still ongoing till this day. Among the many issues that affect public schools throughout the whole world,bullying is still one of the most commonly and frequently mentioned. Despite the benefits of not feeling pressured,being able to pursue a better education and graduating at an early age,distance learning is also an alternative that many people, who've unfortunately been victims of bullying,provides them an opportunity of being able to continue with their studies,and a feeling that they are no longer exposed to issues,such as bullying. An example of this,is my friend Generic_Name. During his first couple of years in high school,he was brutally mocked for always standing out amongst his peers,and he not only felt massively insecure, but he also developed many social problems and insecurities. He had tried many alterning ways of possibly pursuing an education without having to worry about being mocked,until he finally discovered distance learning. He discovered,that he could still attend his classes and carry on with his regular school activities,all while being at the comfort of his very own home. Luckily for Generic_Name,his bullies actually turned out to be massively underachieving,so much so,that they ended up being expelled from school. He then decided to return to school,and luckily for him,he started to fit in. If it wasn't for distance learning,Generic_Name wouldn't have graduated his freshman year,or his sophomore year. People shouldn't really be afraid of trying alternatives that differ from the norm,they should always read and educate themselves on the pros and cons of distance learning. As technology continues to expand beyond realms we could've ever have possibly imagined,the future of education could one day narrow down to distance learning. 