Are cars beginning to go out of fashion? Over the last few years, fewer and fewer people are getting their driver's liscense, and less people are buying cars. That's because walking or taking public transportation where you need to go can be more beneficial than driving. Using alternative transportation decreases stress, lowers air pollution, and eliminates the cost of owning a car. These reasons are causing people to eliminate personal vehicles out of their lives.

To begin, using alternative transportation can lower stress. Millions of people around the world face the same problem every morning and afternoon: traffic. Traffic jams cause people to be late for work, causing their stress levels to go up. Stress can lead people into depression or become tense. Eliminating a car from someone's life can allow them to be happy. Instead of driving, many people are starting to walk to work, or take a public bus to where they need to go. If more people begin to stop driving, the roads will be less jammed, which will lower road congestion, leading to less stress. Getting rid of your car can be a key element to eliminating stress.

Second, walking or taking a bus lowers air pollution. In France, air pollution was so bad, the government set a one-day ban on driving motorvehicles. Instead, residents could take public busses free of charge, or walk. Anyone who decided to drive their vehicle on the day they were banned, faced a $31 fine. Another city in Colombia also started a similar campaign. Government officials in Bogota, Colombia set a one day ban in the city called "the Day Without Cars". The turnout was large, people rode busses, rode bikes, or walked to wherever they needed to go. This eliminated traffic james, and lowered air pollution. Violaters of the ban had to pay a $25 fine. Other countries surely will soon do the same thing.

Lastly, the cost to own a car is far too expensive. Buying a car leads to many problems. the cost of paying off your car after you buy it can overwhelm many people. Having to pay hundreds of dollars every month to repair your car or pay for gas can lead you into debt. Many individuals have become homeless because they can't afford to pay for the things they need, such as a car. Without a car, you save thousands of dollars you can use to pay off other things you might owe.

To conclude, using alternative transportation instead of a car can be very beneficial. It lowers stress, eliminates air pollution, and eliminates the expenses of a car. More and more people are beginning to outlaw cars from their lives, and it is helping the world as well as themselves.    