Driverless cars are very dangerous. I think that humans sound extremely lazy when we try so hard to push for driverless cars. We look for the easiest way out of everything. Cars already make traveling much easier than walking and now we want to not have to do anything while we travel. I think that driverless cars are dangerous and too expensive, and they should not be developed for the world to use.

Driverless cars are dangerous becasue you never know when something will go awry. Computers aren't always working and I would never want to put someone's life in the hands of something that is not reliable. For example somtimes I turn on my computer at home and it doesn't work the way it should be working. What would happen if that was in charge of your car? Although you don't have to do a lot in drivlerless cars you still must stay awake in them, and I think that people wouldn't take that seriously. That would put everyone's lives in danger that are driving around them. In the article it says that, "Presently, traffic laws are written with the assumption that the only safe car has a human driver in control at all times." These laws have been in place for a very long time and nothing too awful has happened, this law helps to keep people safe. I don't know anyone who would put their lives in the hands of a computer.

Another reason for driverless cars not to be developed is because they are too expensive. They would cost so much money to create and to fix and to have roads that adapt to the cars. Car companies would be spending even mroe than now to get these parts for cars that don't need to be made. The best driverless cars worked on special manufactured roads that were way too expensive to be practical. "These smart-road systems worked surprisingly well, but they required massive upgrades to existing roads, soemthing that was simply too expensive to be practical." If we cannot have the best for the people that we care about why would we want these nonreliable cars at all? The smart road systems were said to work the best, yet we are resorting to the unreliable manufactured cars that would carry the people we care about the most.

Overall I think that driverless cars make everyone seem lazy and reckless. Why can we not just stick with how far we have come with vehicle technology, instead of pushing towards cars that put people lives in even more danger than before. Driverless cars should be left for the movies and not for real life. Although they would make life easier soemtimes, they are too unreliable. Keep driving a thing that humans can somewhat control.