Now you can actually know how thye feel by an app. This is now something that is being used to recognise the emotions of old paintings and it might actually be good for people. it will be able to tell how you really feel, it can hlp kids in school. and it also helps produce emotions.

We all know someone that says they are fine but they think something else, but we cant fingure out how they also feel. But with this new program it will be way easier and that is a good thing. "the software can even identifiy mixed emotions.... each expression is compared against a neutral face(showing no emotion)." Since this software can tell peoples emotions it could help in therapy with things, like if a person comes in for therapy but says they feel good about it but they dont act like it the therapist could do this test and see what they are having trouble with or how they really feel about the subject at hand.

Some kids can get bored in school and just zone out because the material they are being taught does not click with them but that can be changed with this new program. " A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored." Dr. huang predicts." Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor." this could benifit both the school system and the child. the child will be more attentive with the lesson if he or she understands it or they think it is interesting and then they might even score higher in school, and have a better futre.

Some people might just look mean when you walk by them, or it may even be you that always gets asked "You always look mad so i dont talk to you." nut now since this program came out, the theory that comes with it is that it can help you produce new emotions. " According to the Facial feedback Theory of Emotion, moving your facial muscles not only expresses emotions, but also may even produce them." this can benifit poeple in many ways. They might become happier and more out going. They could have better oppertunities when it comes to work because they have a good attutide.

This new facial feedback could be really good for us as people. it could halp many peoplr in thier lifes. 