When you are faced with a decision, how do you go about making that decision? Many people ask others for their opinion and what they would do. This is a great strategy because, if you only ask one person they'll probably give you their opinion based only on their life experience, you can make the decision that the majority of people would have suggested, and some of the people will help you see from a different perspective what the decision actually is and how it will effect the rest of your life. These people can be very helpful in decision making.

The first reason that seeking multiple opinions can help you make the right choice is that, if you just base your decision off of one person, that person will probably be advising you in making that decision based on a life situation that they have been in that either effected how they made that decision or would effect the outcome of what they eventually decided to do. This can be bad because you might not be in the same situation as that person was in when they made the choice that they did. Also, that person doesn't know what you are going through and what this decision has in store for you. When you act off one persons opinion, the choice that they made might have led them down a good path, but, even if you make that same choice, there might be something different that's waiting at the end of that same path for you. So, when you take their advice and make the same choice that they did, keep in mind that it can negatively effect you afterwards or during the decision-making process, or it can leave you in a different situation than it did them.

Next, if you get multiple opinions you have the opportunity to do what the majority of people have chosen or would chose to do. Many people do this, and it can be quite helpful. People will often do this because they assume that most people will make the right choice when faced with a decision. There is also the fact that, if the people that made a certain choice seem as though they are in a good place in life and that their life isn't terrible because they made that choice, that is the choice that most people will make and the path that most people will take. In addition to this, most people feel that if they make the choice that other people did and those people got a good result out of it, that is the decision that should be made because people want to get what they think is the best possible outcome for them in general, and when faced with a decision.

Finally, when you get multiple opinions the people that give those opinions will sometimes also give you advice and help you find a new perspective on what the decision and the choices actually are and what they really mean. This can be very helpful because if you don't look into your future at what each of the possible paths can lead you to, you could make the decision and realize that the situation you would end up in is a terrible place to be in life, or you could look into your future with the help of the people around you, and make the choice that would put you in a good place afterwards. Also, if you aren't paying much attention to what you are actually about to do, you might not realize that the situation at hand is going to effect you way more than you let on. This can be very bad because, like what was previously stated, this can put you in a very bad place in life. Additionally, if you find multiple opinions on the situation those people can help you depict the question that is being asked of you and the possible choices that could be made and where they would put or leave you, so that you know what is really being asked of you and don't make the decision blindly.

In conclusion, there are many reasons that people would look for multiple opinions while making a decision. Namely, if you base your decision off of one person you might make a choice based off the situation that person was in when or if they were faced with that choice, you can take the most abundant response because the people that responded with that might be in a better place in life than the people who made different choices, and lastly, the people you ask can help you find another point of view on the situation to help you better understand the decision that is being or need to be made.