Did you know some schools require students to do projects over their break in summer? They are required to complete specific projects, even though it is summer time, for the schools to make sure students are still continuing to learn and grow. With that being said, it is very important to decide whether the projects should be student- designed or teacher-designed. I agree that summer projects for student should be teacher-designed because teachers have more experience with teaching, and because they are more aware of what students need to work on.

Experience is the key to a lot of things in life. Like becoming a teacher, it is the experience that genuinely makes someone a teacher. Therefor, summer projects for students should always be teacher-designed because teachers know the best for what should be assigned for students to complete. They would know what is too hard for them to complete, and certainly, what is too easy. With teachers being in charge of designing the projects, students will be more familiar with the process of completing the projects because they have been assigned projects and tasks from teachers all year long. Also, after many researching and studying, in 2015, researchers came up with the conclusion that the students that were assigned projects designed by teachers, were much more prepared for the upcoming school year, than the students that worked on the student-designed projects.

Last but not least, the required projects for students to complete over the summer, should be teacher-designed and not student-designed because teachers are more aware of what students need more practice on. Summer is meant to relax and have fun, but it is always beneficial for student to get associated with school work, even a little, to continue learning and becoming more and more bright. With that being said, a teachers goal is to always help students; so the projects designed by teachers will be assured to not waste a students time. In fact, they will learn beyond what they are required, and students will also be more informed towards some topics that they will going to need for their next school year.

Although, at the end of the day, students connect to each other better than teachers do. Summer projects being designed by students will be much more interesting and fun for students to complete. Students understand how other students do not want to do school work over the summer, so a student-designed project will be more interesting and less challenging! However, this way, the projects will be less informative. Meaning students will not only waste their time, but they will also be less prepared for school when it starts again. As mentioned before, teacher-designed projects will only have a positive impact on students for their own good due to teachers experience of teaching.

In conclusion, the required summer projects should be teacher-designed and not student-designed because of the teacher's experiences, and their understanding of what will have a more positive outcome on a student. regardless of the project being student or teacher-designed, students are required to do summer projects either way. That is why it is very important for the projects to be teacher-designed so it will have a more positive outcome for the student's education. Lastly, speak up to your school about how important it is to have summer projects designed by teachers. It is never too late, so make sure you make education over the summer for students a more effective type of learning,