Should summer projects be teacher designed or student designed?

Student's should be able to design their own summer projects. Why? because it's their summer and if it's a boring project that a teacher assigned it's most likely not going to get done , because it don't catch the student interest if the student design their own project they created it's most likely to get done because it's something that he/she likes.

Teacher design might not be what the students are interested in , and they might not understand it. If the student creates their design it could be fun and easy for them, and they will be learning from it as well, and they will understand it more because they are make whatever out of it. They could do it in their own way which will also make them determine to complete their own design they created.

Students design could also help the teachers too , they wouldn't have to do much planning cause the students have to come up with their own designs so the students have to come out with ideas on their own. The students will be engaged because they have to focus on what they will come up with for their design for this summer project also the enjoyment they would get out for creating their own design project. The students will be learning it in their own way that's not boring to them. That way it will keep them motivated and interested while they are working on their project.

Student's should have a right to do something that would be entertaining to them since it's the summer and they have to work on it so they can continue to learn. If teachers design it , it might not engaged the student's as if they could design it their self. If students design their own project it will be easier for them to complete it while having fun creating it. The students will be determine to actually do their project during the summer because they designed it and liked it.

Most people would agree that students should be able to design their own project because its something that they would be interested in and it's a summer project, while they design the project they could be exploring the world, and they would come up with a lot of good designs for the project because they are learning a lot of new things each and everyday and that's why i think this statement is true that students should design their own summer project rather than a teacher design the student's project.        