School sometime's require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break,weather they should be Teacher designed or Student designed, I support having them be student designed.

The summer for students is a time to relax and enjoy time with their friends and family,to forget about school and focusing on releasing their pent up stress. Most students end up forgetting they have school project or just do them the day before school starts up again, if it the project is designed by a teacher, The teacher would be giving students a project on something they were working on in class,which the students didn't enjoy and didn't hear or focus on because they were bored. The work the teacher put in to the making and setting up the project,giving them links to get information,giving them videos,giving them easy to understand resources,finding the answer and giving them specific questions, would end up going to waste and would just be wasting the teachers time which could be spent with family and loved on. Teachers are at work most of the day which is seven to eight hours or more that they spend at work and some times end up staying late to finish grading or finish setting up for the next day or making work for students that need to catch up,by the time they get home they are to tired to spend time with their family. The students don't learn anything because its about a topic they don't even like or have no interest in. I support having the project be student designed ,Instead students will chose a topic of their choice something their interested in this way they will have to do research,find evidence,give supporting facts,find links,find videos,make an appealing presentation,learn more about their topic of choice. for example If students chose a topic they are actually interested in there's a higher chance they'll do the project because students are more willing to learn about a topic they are already interested in. another reason i support having student designed projects is not only do the students learn something new but the teacher does as well, having it be a topic most students or teachers don't know anything about helps everyone in the class learn something new or at least helps them expand their knowledge. Which results in students learning about something they enjoy,more students turning in their work,less stress for the teacher,gives students an oppurtnites to work with crowds,expands their knowledge on a topic,all the teacher would have to do is set up how the students will be graded and whats expected of them or what it should look like. Another benefit of having it be student designed is the student that spent his time learning about this topic can transfer his knowledge to his classmate who might learn something new or gain an interest or have an interest in the topic the student worked on. Having project be students designed is a simpler more efficient way of having the students learn about new topics and using the skills they learned in class to find the information and facts about the topic which takes a little stress of the searchers shoulders and gives the students something to work on if their not doing anything during the summer its an efficient way to occupies their time while helping them learn and seeing that their learning even in the summer. This is why i support having summer projects be student designed and not teacher designed their are more benefits to having a student design his own project then having a teacher waste time and put useless effort in to something they won't do.