Students could benefit from learning from home because it gives them the comfort of staying in their own home, no risk of issues like bullying or depression, and actually having classes on their own time.

Many students like the comfort of their own home because it gives them the thought of staying safe from any harm like school shootings or any dangerous weather. Home is considered a safe environment to most people and unlike others, some people prefer staying home than going out into public. Students could also get the benefit of staying out of trouble from any teachers or staff members. Being called into the principal's office is no fun, especially when you get a phone call home.

Bullying is still considered an issue for most students. Either they get picked on like name calling or it could also be physical bullying like being punched, kicked, and pushed around. No parent would like to see or hear about their kid being bullied. When kids wake up to go to school, their parents might think that their kids are going with the mindset of learning new things when it could be the total opposite. Students could wake up with the fear of being taunted. This could lead up to very bad mental health issues, one being depression. Depression causes students to lack concentration in class and to stop being socially interactive. Teachers and parents might notice a drop of energy and grades in these students. Most of them tend to not speak up and could lead to terrible decisions like suicide just to escape the world of suffering.

Having classes on your own time is also beneficial when it comes to health issues and teen parenting. Health issues like cancer is tough and it makes you stay in the hospital for doctors to monitor you 24/7 just to make sure you're doing fine. Maybe others have other health issues and it tends to pull kids from school because you have appointments left and right. This makes it hard for students to learn anything. Another topic can be teen parenting. This topic isn't talked about a lot but it's big. Most students tend to make bad decisions and become parents at a young age, and having a child at a young age is a really big deal. It's not easy going to school and thinking about your child at the same time. Students would want the best for their babies and the best is being with their parents. Child safety is a number one priority and there have been many cases where an abusive babysitter takes the lead. Cases like these never end up looking pretty. Most children end up being beat of abused by a complete stranger and most parents aren't aware of it. Since babies can't talk, this makes it hard to know if the kid is in a safe environment. Some have ended up with death of a child because of all the abuse and beatings. It's much safer for a baby being with their parents and this way, students make time for their child/children and time for learning.

Students could really benefit from learning from home. I personally would like this for me and i have many reasons why. This just makes a student's life easier in so many ways. From being in the comfort of your own home to teen parenting, learning from home helps kids learn and become someone in life.