when getting advice i believe you should ask more then one person. Asking more then one person can really help you get a better opinion on what your asking or need advice on. A good reason to ask more then one person their opinion when asking for advice is maybe they know more then you, they could have a different opinion on your topic, and they could have more reasons then you on why you should do something one way or they other or agree or disagree with your topic.

Sometimes when taking advice you should ask someone older then you. Because they are older then you they could probably give you better reasons to make a better choice. Asking your parents for advice would be great because theyÃ‚Â´ve been your age before so they know how to act in the situation. Also asking your teachers would be a good group of people to ask for advice from because they are very smart and more educated then then you are

Asking more then one person on their opinion could be very helpful if you are doing research. Because if they have a different opinion it could possibly be better then your opinion and make more since. Or in some cases if you ask different people you could change their opinion to agree with you. Sometimes you can have the same opinion as someone but have different reasons to agree with the topic, so you could give them more reasons to make a better choice and they could give you better reasons to make a better choice.

With some cases people could agree with you but have better reasons then you on a topic. sharing your opinions with different people could make them agree more with your topic then they already do. If you are arguing one side of a opinion but donÃ‚Â´t have many reasons talking to more people could give you more and even better reasons to agree with one side of an argument or topic. But if you have the same reasons as them you could probably come up with better reasons to agree with one side of the topic that will encourage others to agree with your side.

I believe getting out in the world and putting your opinion out to others about a topic would help people agree with what you wanting advice on or agree with the topic you are agreeing with. Also asking for advice from people can help you get better reasons for people to agree with you. Plus if you ask for advice it can help you do thing the right way instead of the wrong way. For example if you are working on a car or building a house or even a school project advice can go a long way to help you because advice can teach you to do it the correct way or help you with something you messed up on. ThatÃ‚Â´s why advice is important to me and i believe it is a good thing. Do you think advice is good or bad?