By limiting car uses, many great advantages arise. A few of these are the reduction of smog and air pollution, more money saved, and a healthier lifestyle.

Places such as Paris and Bogota, Columbia have noticed the unhealthy amount of smog in the air so they decided to do something about it and the result was exactly what they were hoping for. In Paris, days went by with near record pullution levels which made them decide to do a partial driving ban to reduce the smog. Their intentions were to have even number starting license plates leave their cars at home the first day while the following day, odd numbered plates were to do the same thing. After the first day, the smog had reduced so much that they lifted the ban before the second day. In Bagota, it has been their third year in a row banning cars for a day (with the exception of buses and taxis.) The smog and air pollution reducion in these two places alone is massive! Not to mention the amound of money they have saved.

In America, it seems that we are finally starting to cool our love affair with our vehicles. People are realizing how expensive it is to be a car owner. Source 4 shows how much the number of miles driven per person has decreased by nearly 9 percent which is equal to to where the country was in January of 1995. This realization started from when Americans could not afford new cars and the unemployed did not need them to go to work anyway. Though now that the economy has risen, we still are sticking to this money saving way. Even teenagers who are elligable for licenses and live in places where it could come in handy are not making it a priority. Instead, they are basing their summer jobs and social life around where they can walk or car-pool with friends. Saving money is great, but keeping our bodies strong and healthy is even better.

Because of Bogota's Day Without Cars, millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated, or took busses to work during this time. During this day when the transportation is not just sitting lazy in a car, the city's parks and sports centers seemed to have become the new hot spot. People spent the whole day exercising and getting their blood pumping instead of sitting in their car or doing othing. By limiting car usage, we almost have no other choice than to be active! Our bodies will thank us for it later.

By limiting car usage, there are many advantages. Advantages such as reduction of smog and air pollution, more money saved, and a healthier lifestyle make it almost impossible to not want to join the bandwagon of reduced car use.     