Driveless Cars are a great impact in the world and it can change the lives of others , also. Driveless cars are cars that can drive by it self without having help with a driver. Well, in certain occations. It depends on the condtions that are happening in the streets. For instance, backing up out of your drive way or trying to avoid a object in the street but that is all simple things drivers can do with their cars. In the article, "Driverless cars Are Coming", the author states alot of negative and positive things about driverless cars. However, Driverless cars are a positive aspect. In addition, these cars can help and impact many peoples lives. Going for driverless cars can change the way people drive and will make it easier for the drivers to drive.

Driverless cars can change the way how we see cars now, change the way of drving, and how it makes it easier for the drivers to drive in the streets. For instance, " The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheel and reduce power fro the engine, allowing far better response and control than a human driver could ever manage alone",(p.5). Driveless cars have more potential in driving than humans do. They are more aware in whats going on in the streets than humans do drving on the streets. To add, they have better responses dealing with danger, such as, people crossing the street unexpectedly or cars turning out of nowhere whe there suppose to do so. Another example is, " The can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, suuch as navigating through work zones and around accidents. This means the human driver must remain alert and be ready to take over whe the situation requires",(p.7). Driverless cars have all the basic fundamentals in order to drive on the streets. In fact, they notify humans when they need help in certain situations. This car idea will help drivers pay more aware whats going on even though the car can drive by itself. This is like helping a baby to walk. The parent lets go as the baby starts to walk. Trying to catch its balance and the baby falls. The parent is aware that the baby falls and the parent picks the bay back up to continue on walking. Nothing is wrong will a little help even if the Driverless car is struggling to go around something or backing up for it to drive independently. The driver is aware and alerted and will guide the car to its direction and the driverless car will continue driving to where you want to go. There is always going to be problems with driverless cars. However it can make your life much easier, espcially, driving wise. The examples explain that driverless cars can have its ups and down but it will make people's lives much easier. These cars will help people become safer and alerted to whats going on around them and in result, there would be less car accidents

In summary, driverless cars can change the world deeply and will make it a saver place on the streets. It will make it easier for the drivers. Futhermore, driverless cars are more smarter, driving wise, when on the road than the drivers. That would create less stupidity of driving and more of boat smarts.        