Phones and Driving

To some being on the phone while driving is not a big deal at all, while to others it is. Yet while for those certain people who think cellphone use while driving is not a big deal the statistics would suggest otherwise. So far in the year 2018 it has been reported that over 58% of car accidents have been caused by or are linked to cellphone use.

This alone would suggest that even for those who do not look at cellphone use while driving as a big deal that it obviously is one. As a result of this the "Hands Free" law which has been around in some states for decades was recently added and enforced in many other states. Including Georgia in July of 2018. The "Hands Free" Law suggests that an driver who is caught driving with their phone in their hand will receive a ticket with a fine. However you are allowed to use exactly one finger to navigate whatever it is you need on your device, while this is an exception is it really much of a difference? its still time b being devoting to something other than driving.

While it is unfortunate for those who are capable of multi-tasking and are able to drive safely while using their phone. Overall it is much more beneficial to everyone's safety if phones are just removed from the equation all together. Although unfortunately there are still millions of people who constantly break the laws each day and will continue to jeopardize everyone's safety for their own personal satisfaction by using their devices while driving. However I believe there are many more steps we could take to help decrease the cellphone use while driving. Some apps and even cellphones are working to prevent the usage while driving by adding improvements that can monitor when people have began to drive and will lock the phone automatically while some just will block usage unless you are a passenger, this program is very helpful and a great encouragement but that still doesn't change the fact that the apps that people tend to use while driving aren't doing anything of that sort.

In many situations people only understand the severity of things once they happen, there are two different people int he world. the 'better safe than sorry' and the 'oh nothing will never happen, i know what I'm doing' people, there are definitely not enough of the better safe then sorry people , as humans we think our problems are more important than others and that is definitely not what driving is about , driving is about watching your surroundings at all times and anything that distracts you from it is something you shouldn't be doing

In conclusion cellphones and driving are just a bad combination that definitely has proven not to mix well. Yet sadly for some it is too large of a task to put the phone down and focus on the road. While police and some software developers are doing everything they can to limit the use of cellphones in the car, we will continue to see the problem for a while. However it has been reported that in Georgia since implementing the "Hands Free" law there has been a pretty significant decrease in accidents caused by cellphone usage. Noting that from January to June the percentage of accidents caused by cellphones was 67% but from July when the law was added up to now November accidents caused by cellphone use has dropped to just 39% in the state of Georgia.

Hopefully after reading this if you haven't already realized how detrimental cellphones are to our safety and that they are just not worth the risk nor the fine you could receive if you are caught driving while on your phone. As safety will always be the most important especially when it comes to driving as a bad accident could easily mean life or death or a very serious injury which many may not be able to recover from. Phones are just not worth risking you and others lives.                                                 