Dear: Mr. Principal

The reason why I am writing this letter to you is because I want to give my opinion about want you consider change the school policy so that students may not participate in sports or other activities unless they have at least a grade B average.

I think you should change this policy for the following reasons because this way they can make more effort in their studies and get better grades because most of the kids love to play sports and this way they would have that in their mind saying '' I have to make good grades so I can play''. But I also think that not everybody are going to be happy because some kids won't like it, maybe they would say '' I better go play with my friends outside the school and that way I can have fun without thinking about if I get bad grades I won't play''. But even if this happened in my opinion parents would agree with this too because at least this way their kids would have to pay more attention to the teacher and bring better grades home.

One thing that I think the school should do is to tell the parents the reasons why are they doing this and also tell them to try to support more their kids like trying to convince them why they should get good grades so they can have fun at school doing sports and don't let their children stay in the computer because at this time this is what most of the kids also love to do.

And also the parents should tell their children that if they do more sports it is good for their health.

Lastly, this wouldn't only help the kids right now because they can be getting good grades but they are not learning anything, so this would also help the kids in their future in their education maybe in the college and if the don't learn anything when they get to higher education. They won't succeed and help their families because I think in this country you can be whatever you want like a lawyer, doctor, or nurse etc. but the kids should start to get a good education from now.

In conclusion, that is why i think you Mr. Principal, should change this policy to help the kids in the future because the kids are the future of this country. Don't you think?.