Cell Phone Use While Driving

Cell phone use became widely available in the 1980's. The drastic improvements in functionality and design caused the use of cell phones to increase tremendously over the last two decades, for billions of people worldwide. The primary reasons why cell phone usage increased so dramatically over the past two decades are essentially because they make communicating much easier, they enable you to contact people within seconds or minutes, regardless of whether they are thousands of miles away, in another country or just a few feet away, you can locate and access places quickly and more conveniently, and they can provide security. As a result of the improved functionality and design allows cell phones to operate like computers. Its vast improvements have created a pandemonium because unlike before, people are able to easily connect with loved ones, friends, and even meet new people through social media. Downloading apps to cell phones offers endless opportunities for communicating whether by email, face-time, text messaging, also conversations, scheduling planning/diet planner, internet surfing, and alarms, etc, are just a few features that are available. While these mini devices have become a key part of our daily lives offering huge advantages, equally they can have their disadvantages especially, when being used while driving a vehicle. The compulsive use of them is a distraction, resulting in many road accidents that have ended with very serious casualties.

The prevalent use of cell phones has made the task become like second nature. While this may be true, being capable of using a cell phone so adeptly while driving a vehicle has not prevented drivers from losing their focus. Habitual use of the cell phone has diminished the responsibilities of a driver's who are supposed to constantly keep their eyes on the road, and their hands continuously on the steering wheel. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) approximately 660,000 drivers were using their phones while driving behind the wheel during the daytime all told, a full 14% of fatal distracted driving crashes involved a cell phone that was in use at the time of the wreck ("Deadly Distracted Driving Stats." DMV.ORG, 28 Apr. 2017). The National Safety Council reports that an estimated 1.6 million crashes a year are because of utilization of cell phones while driving. Although, most drivers support the ban of hand-held cell phone use and texting, majority admit to still doing it anyway. According to a AAA poll, 94 percent of teen drivers acknowledge the dangers of texting and driving, but 35% admitted to doing it anyway ("Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving." Edgar Snyder & Associates, n. d. Web. 12 Dec).

Georgia's new cell phone law, Hands-Free Driving, enacted Sunday, July 1st , 2018, was an imperative deterrent to reduce the number of fatal accidents, and loss of life for many innocent victims. Currently, forty-seven states have banned texting and driving, additionally, the 15 other states that have enacted the hands-free law, which requires drivers to use hands free technology, have seen fewer deaths and a 16 percent decrease in traffic fatalities in the two years after the law was enacted ("House Bill 673- Hands-Free Law"). Despite of the disadvantages or dangers of texting and driving, it does have a few advantages such as; navigation, provides help by making emergency contacts if in a dangerous situation and provides information about weather, traffic, or roadside accidents.

In conclusion, thousands of people are killed every day because of the distractions of these mini devices. This epidemic has become as serious as drinking under the influence. If drivers considered the risks and their responsibilities while being behind the wheel, they would adhere to the law by purchasing devices enabling them to be hands free when using a cell phone. Whatever text or phone call that pops up on the screen of their phones can wait. It's for the safety of you and most importantly others.

Works Cited

"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics - Distracted Driving."

Edgarsnyder. com. Edgar Snyder & Associates, n. d. Web. 12 Dec. 2018, www. edgarsnyder. com/car-accident/cause-of-accident/cell-phone/cell-phone-statistics. html

"NHTSA Survey Finds 660,000 Drivers Using Cell Phones or Manipulating Electronic Devices While Driving At Any Given Daylight Moment." US Department of Transportation, United States Department of Transportation, 5 Apr. 2013, www. transportation. gov/briefing-room/nhtsa-survey-finds-660000-drivers-using-cell-phones-or-manipulating-electronic-devices.

"Deadly Distracted Driving Stats." DMV.ORG, 28 Apr. 2017, www. dmv. org/articles/death-by-text-message-stats-show-how-technology-is-killing-us/.

"House Bill 673-Hands-Free Law." Heads Up Georgia, www. headsupgeorgia. com/handsfree-law/.

Jhanae 4                                                                                                                   