Cars have essentially become a necessity in this day and age, and technology that surrounds them is becoming more and more complex everyday. Based on this, it was only a matter of time before the idea of driverless cars came about. A controversial ides which is already being sold commercialy worldwide. I am not a fan of this idea and feel that there are more negative aspects to the concept than positive. Based on the amount of fatal car accidents every year, data shows cars are already dangerous enough. Revoking a persons control of their car entirely will only make the problem worse.

Cars driving themselves sounds like a great idea, but in reality it is not. There have been an abundance of occasions where machines malfunction and cause serious or even fatal injuries. In fact, less than 20% of commercial plane crashes are caused by human error, meaning more than 80% the crash was caused by a problem at the manufacturer! Those number are scary to think about and this is on a much smaller scale than cars. Those numbers show that machines are not as reliable as humans. To give the machine complete control of your life is very scary, not only that it would be extremely dangerous.

As I stated earlier in the prompt cars are a necessity in this day and age, meaning that knowing how to drive is just as important. If these cars were placed on our streets and sold to the public, then generations down the line, the skill of driving would be lost. Knowing how to drive is an extremely important skill to have and these so called "smart" cars would extinguish this skill.

The idea of driverless cars is unrealistic, seeing the danger that comes with them. There would be way to many negative aspects than positive. Yes, you could sleep while you go to work, but death or injury is massive price to pay for laziness. Driverless cars in theory sounds like an amazing and innovative idea, however the idea is unrealistic, dangerous, and will only bring negative reprocautions. Driverless are not and should never be aloud on our streets.