Making a decision is difficult. Whether it's as big as buying a house, or as small as choosing an ice cream flavor, it's hard. Even if you know what you want, how do you decide? While some people give it no thought at all, others do a lot of research. But there isn't really a right or wrong way of doing it. At the end of the day, you'll eventually come to a decision no matter how you got there. But there is one way that people find very helpful when making a difficult choice. Asking others for their opinion. Some people might disagree, but this method is actually very helpful. Seeking multiple opinions can help someone make a better choice, because it helps them become more open-minded and give them more options. While there are several other methods, this one has a couple of benefits.

When you make a decision, sometimes you'll just go with your gut. Let's say you're in line ordering ice cream. There are so many flavors to choose from, but your gut tells you to just go with vanilla. Because it's the one flavor you have tried, you order vanilla. For some of us, this is the case. We go with our gut, because who knows yourself better than you? It's okay to trust yourself, but sometimes you start to become closed-minded. This situation can completely change if you just ask a friend for their advice. Instead of ordering vanilla, you might get cookies and cream or rocky road. By hearing these other opinions, you become more open-minded. This will help you with decision making and other situations in life. The reason why seeking multiple opinions is helpful with decision making is, because it helps you become more open-minded.

Usually when you have to make a choice, the few options make it hard to come to a decision. But asking people for their opinion make it easier to come to make a choice. It might not make sense that asking people for their opinion will magically create more options to choose from. That's not what it does exactly, but it does give you more "combinations". Let's say you were debating whether you should get a dog or not. You couldn't decide, so you go to your friends for advice. One of them says that you should get a dog, because they're very loyal. Another says you should get a dog, because they will keep you active. Another one says you should not get a dog, because they're a lot to maintain. Now you have different "combinations". Two responses have the same answers but a different reason. This method helps you list the pros and cons for both choices so that you can make the best decision. Seeking multiple opinions is helpful when making a decision, because it gives you more options.

To some people, trusting their gut is the best way to make a decision. To others, it's listing the pros and cons. But if you really think about it, asking people for advice is probably the best choice. The reason why it's the best choice is, because you will be more open-minded and have more options when making a decision. Sometimes someone else's opinion, whether you agree with it or not, helps you see more clearly. Life is full of decisions, and eventually, you won't know what choice is better. Just ask a friend, review your options, and make a decision. Maybe you will regret your decision, but everything will work out in the end.                                              