In 1976 a surveyor caught a absurd picture coming from the face of Mar's planet. By face, it was literally a face. NASA didn't know how to explain but with the explanation that it was a mesa or some other landfiorm on the surface. Is it or is it not? Many people think its aliens, but let's look at the big picture. There is pure evidence that what you're seeing is a landform and I have some examples.

After close survey of the " face " NASA has concluded that what we are seeing is a mesa. In the text it says, " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or a mesa-landforms common in the American West." That is proof that scientists who specialize in this wwork confirm that what we are looking at are just mesas or buttes.

But really if there was aliens on MArs then we would've seen some evidence by now. If aliens built this then why didn't we see any tracks or signs that the aliens built this thing. NASA has taken photographs of the moon and Mars many times. In those times if there was alien life then I would think that their would be some sort of sign that leads us to believe that we are not alone.

Everyone knows that the alien theory is just fun in games. People just let those kinds of pictures out mainly for the enjoyment of the people. In the text it says, " The authors reasoned it would be a good way to engage the public and attract attention to Mars." That shows that NASA just released this photo so that the people would have some entertainment theorizing what this is.

Another big piece of evidence was shown in this story. In the text it says, " Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cyodnia, only this one had unusual shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharoah." Thats the sole cause. It was just a mesa that was photographed at the right time. If the shadows weren't there then it would just look like a regular mesa on Mar's surface. Also if you look in that picture you will see other mesas or landforms surrounding it. So that tells you that that area is full of landfroms.

In conclusion, there is so much evidence showing that this was just a landform. And if you still believe that thi is aliens then you need to look at the facts. Aliens might be real but we need to find evidence that they did this before we go and say that they did. Based on evidence we can conclude that this picture is of a mesa taken at the right time to where it looks like a face. 