What if you were being made to participate in an extracurricular activity. I agree with principals making students at their schools participate in extracurricular activities . First, students participating in sports will be getting the 60 minutes or more of physical activity that they need to stay fit and healthy. secondly, kids that help with the yearbook get to show the school their creative side. lastly, participating in extra curricular activities allows them to show their talent to everybody. in the end, principals should make their students participate in extracurricular activities.

First, students participating in sports will be getting the 60 minutes or more of physical activity that they need to stay fit and healthy. Some kids enjoy a sport and don't always get to play that sport in P.E class or while they are at home. kids now days are becoming more attached to electronics; making them participate in a sport allows them to stay active. Some sports teams are like second families so kids like practicing. In total, making kids participate in sport will give them the opportunity to do what the love and to stay active.

secondly, kids that help with the yearbook get to show the school their creative side. Some artistic kids like to show their art skills without putting their name on it and people knowing it's them. kids like to make things and allow the whole school to see their creation. Shy and outgoing kids like to be creative so making them choose an extracurricular activity can let them be themselves. All in all, kids that help with the yearbook can show their creative side.

lastly, participating in extracurricular activities allows students to show their talent to everybody. Some kids have talents but don't always have activities to get to show everybody that talent. Every student is different and might like different things; making them participate in extracurricular activities will allow them to find what they're are good at and what the love. Making students find what they're good at and love. After all, making kids participate in extra curricular activities will allow them to find what they enjoy doing.

What if you were being made to participate in an extracurricular activity. I agree with principals making students at their schools participate in extracurricular activities . First, students participating in sports will be getting the 60 minutes or more of physical activity that they need to stay fit and healthy. secondly, kids that help with the yearbook get to show the school their creative side. lastly, participating in extra curricular activities allows them to show their talent to everybody.

In conclusion, making students participate in extracurricular activities will benefit them in many ways.