The future is coming at an alarming rate.

Driverless cars are not just ideas anymore.

They are being manufactured and tested at this very moment.

Driverless cars can be seen as both good and bad, but I do not think they are good for society just yet.

For cars to be driverless, they would have to be able to respond quickly to anything, at anytime.

They would also need to possess a faster reaction time than humans.

If all of these features were put into a car, then it is no longer a car; it is a robotic machine, capable of making decisions that could mean life or death of the passengers and nearby pedestrians.

However, as of now, cars are still not entirely driverless.

We do not yet have the technology to manufacture cars that have the human qualities that are necessary in driving, such as natural reflexes to avoid obstacles blocking the path.

The world we live in today is not the same world we lived in yesterday, or the world we will live in tomorrow.

The technology we currenetly have is progressing at an alarming speed.

Today it's smart cars, tomorrow it's smart houses, and the next day it's smart people.

Technology is a good thing, but humans are so fixated on making everything bigger and better that they forget how good it is now.

What will come of the human population if we solely rely on techonolgy and not each other?

If driverless cars become the sole transportation for short distances over land, then humans will not find a need to work on their hand- eye coordination and reflexes.

If that were to happen, then people will start to lose those motor functions.

With the speedy progression of technology, humans are slowly beginning to devolve.

With the production of smart phones and other tablets, humans have shorter attention spans than their ancestors.

I, personally, am against driverless cars because they will help further society into a pit of technology that no one will be able to escape.

With these smarter cars, we are leaving our lives in the hands of technology, and it won't stop there.

The future is coming with all new toys and gadgets to make our lives "simpler" and "easier", but who wants the boring life of everything being handed to them?                         