Is studying Venus worth the dangers it presents to people? This topic is often debated, many want to but cannot seem to overcome the atmoshperic conditions. The author of this article thinks it is worth exploring. The modern electronics wouldn't survive,it's tempurature is 800 degrees and NASA's sulotion has even greater diffficulties.

The third paragraph in this article the author discusses the planets atmopshere and temperature. The atmosohere surronding Venus is 97 percent carbone dioxide,a gas deadly to humans. The clouds around Venus are very corrosive sulfuric acid, and the pressure is 90 times greater then on earth. The temperature at the surface is 800 degrees. These climates are far more extreme than any climate on eath. The author does not give a very good reason the danger are worth it in this peregraph. These dangers could very easily end a life of any person willing ot explor Venus.

In paragraph four the author discusses how NASA wants to send people to study venus. They do not currently have any invintions that would allow humans to be on the sufrace of Venus. They are purposing a vehicle similar to a blimp that would travel 30 miles above the surface of Venus. The heat would still be a 170 degrees, but the pressure would be survivable. However in paragraph six the author continues to shut down ideas, that would prove their point. They talk about how the atmosphere is so dense that light would not be able to penetrate it. Then continues to talk about how they couldnt gather rock,gas or any other samples. They also state that standered photography and videagraphy would be useless.

In paraghrap seven the author goes over the aproaches of tecnology. They say NASA is working on some electronics made of siclicon carbide,though they are simplified they lasted three weeks in a simulatution of Venuses atmosphere. They are also working on old technology. The devices were first thougt of in the 1800s and played a big part during world war two. The devices used levers and gears to make calculations. They do not work as quickly as modern computers but are less sensetive to extreme conditions.

Over all the author of this article did a poor job supporting this idea. They made many claims, but the counter claims seemed to take more importance. In the last paragraph the author seems to support the idea better then in the rest of the article.