Dear Principal,

Some of us students have an outside sport that we trade in for Physical Education, and go home one period early. Many of us who do these outside activities are in accelerated classes and strive for our best. For example, most of our parents wouldn't let us have an outside sport if we had bad grades and were not trying hard enough in school. If we really wanted to play our sport, some of us might become home schooled just to achieve our greatest. But others have the idea of succeeding academic wise. If we were not able to play our sport anymore, we might not live up to our dreams.

Though many of us try hard, others just might not be able to do so well in school, and we just want to play our sport because most of our friends are there. If students had more time to study without their sport getting in the way, maybe we'd do better in school. For example, many of us might have more time for homework and studying. But if you crush someone's dreams in their sport or activity, then they will never be as happy as they used to be. The hope that used to be installed in them every day now may not exist anymore.

Our dreams and hopes can also help us in the future. For example, we can use it when trying to see what our highest expectations for ourselves are, and what we think we can achieve. If you make a statement that everybody who has a C average or lower cannot play their sport anymore, think about how angry our parents will be. To put in all that money and for it to be worth nothing anymore just because they don't have the best grades.

And they might try really hard just not be great at school, and things might not make sense in their head. So, instead of crushing hopes and dreams, you could give an opportunity of tutoring, and extra websites for us to study and review some of the skills we didn't understand so we can understand in the future. If you put out more of these activities and give us some opportunities, we might be more efficient on our grade average.

Sincerely,

A Student