In the year 2032, and a new product is talked about all around the world: in homes, buisnesses, schools, and churches. For several days, many people gabble about the aspects of a car that drives itself and is safer than most cars with excitement and jauntiness.

For many people, this anecdote is the ideal future and one that will hopefully happen soon. Development of automated cars should be funded and researched more thoroughly because automated cars make roads safer, are more luxurious for the passenger, and are not completly driverless.

In "Driverless Cars are Coming", the author states "Google has had cars tha could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have driven more than half a million miles without a crash". Because of this fact, cars are safer. Automated cars have radars, and sensors all around them to know where the cars are at any given time. this includes the LIDAR which creates a 3D model of its surroundings, making the entire experience safer and causing less deaths each year. in 2013, BMW developed a car which can go up to twenty five miles per hour if the driver keeps his or her hands on the steering wheel, adding to the safety features on these new cars.

Another reason why these cars are fundable and should be reashered more is the fact that the new car rides would be more fun for the passengers. For example, these cars would have displays that let people watch movies and play video games. The moniters turn off when danger is afoot, which adds to the safety features on the new automated car.

For people who are still worried that the cars will be unsafe because a computer can't decide what a human can and can't perform complex actions, do not fear. Automated cars will not be devoid of human interaction. According to paragraph seven of "Driverless Cars are Coming", "None of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are deesigned to notify the river when the road ahead requires human skills."

The new cars have also been designed to warn passengers to oncoming dangers by vibrating, speaking, or flashing lights when danger in near by. GM has developed a car which vibrates a driver's seat if his or her car is going to his an object behind them. This creates a car to human relationship that insures cars on the road are safer and cause less deaths per year.

In conlusion, automated cars are the future. They are safer, more relaxing, and are not completely automated. The future is looking bright for thse new cars. People should expect new and exciting cars to not drive in the near future.             