When people ask for advice, they sometimes talk to more than one person. I agree with this statement because some people give great advice. When your sad and and want to talk to somebody about a certain situation just tell them what's going on. Their advice could be the greatest advice you ever heard but you might need a little push so you go to somebody else and see if they could give you a different opinion on it. people should take advice from others because you will have a better outcome, they would handle it more differently, their idea could be more diverse than yours.

One reason, people should take advice from others it because you will have a better outcome. On Valentines Day, I was planning to see my boyfriend but instead i had to tell him some very bad news. My ex boyfriend kissed me that day and i couldnt help but tell my boyfriend because it wouldnt feel right if iIdidn't. So I told him and he was very angry with me because of that situation, we ended up breaking up that day but i told my friend about it and she told me i shouldn't have told him and I felt as if I should. So I went to another friend of mine and she told me, I was right for telling him because if I didn't then I wouldn't be being honest with him or with myself. That day taught me that more then one view on a subject doesnt hurt.

Another reason, people should take advice from others is because they would handle it more differently. On day, I was sitting on my bed thinking about how I wanna fight this one girl, She messed with me everyday and I just wanted to show her who's boss. So the next day, I came to school all ready to beat her up. I wanted to get advice from one of my friends and she said before you go over there think about how much attention your attracting to yourself I said your right I will calmly go over there. I thought to myself it it really worth fighting this girl in my head my mind was saying yes do it but my heart was telling me no dont do it its not worth it. So 5 listened to my heart and I sat back down. That day I was thankful for my friends for having my back and not telling me to fight her.

Finally , people should take advice from others is because their idea could be more diverse than yours. I went to the park one day because i needed to left off some steam. So I facetimed my friend to tell her that I wanted to confront this girl about talking about people behind their back and she continued to tell me about how I should confront her about her shenanigans because it was getting out of hand at this point. I told somebody else about it and they told me to confront her but don't make a scene about it. So the next day I did that and surprisingly it went well, she did apologize to the people she bullied and now they are all friends. All of this tied up to say im so glad i have people who give great advice

In conclusion, people who take advuce from others are brave because sometime I dont even have the courage to talk to some people about what i'm going through, People should take advice from others beacuse you will have a better outcome, they will handle it differently, and their idea could be more diverse than yours 