The idea of having new and evolved veichles might scare some people.

Having driveless cars has positive and negative sides to it.

Drriveless cars are cars that drive themselves and dont need a human being to be behind the wheel.

The idea for having invented driverless cars is so that different types of peple can multi task while they are in the car. Many people get destracted and need to become awear of what is happening in their sourroundings.

While different people think that driverless cars are a bad thing there are some positives to the idea. Some of the positives are that you wouldnt have to worry about texting and driving or drinking and driving. You would get home safe and you wouldnt even have to touch the stearing wheel.

Another positive is that it has sensors so that if your about to backup into and object it gives you a signal to inform you that you need to watch out, and the same with when your driving and you get really close to getting in an accident.

One last positive thing is that if you you are tired or are in a condition in which you can not drive back to a certain place, he driverless car can take you there.

There are negatives of having driverless cars aswell. not all driverless cars can and will do the exact same thing. Some of the negatives of having driverless cars is that not all of the cars will be the same.

Another reason is that they might not be capable to do its job.

Another reason is that many people may not like the idea of driverless cars because they are so used to the idea of regular cars and they like to be in control of where they are going and how they are driving.

One last reason as to why driverless cars are a negative thing is because the might be too expensive that not many people are willling to spend so much money.

There are also positives and negatives about regular cars.

Some people might be used to driving regular cars and dont want to change that. But because of all of the technology that has been changing over the years if at one point driverless cars do not become something that everyone has some people might think that we are behind on our technological advances

I personaly think that both types of cars are great if you want a driverless car then why shouldnt you be allowd to have one but if you dont want a driverless car and you like regular cars because of the fact that you can control where you are going and how you are driving then that should be fine too. we just need to make sure that everyone n the rode wether you have a driverless car or a regular one are safe                   