I do not believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. There is many reasons why most schools do not offer distance learning. For instance, students will get less interaction with other friends and peers because they are at home instead of being in a classroom at school. Also, most students like to learn new up close and interactively, the polar opposite of distance learning. Finally, another reason for why most schools do not offer distance learning is because too many thing are out of the student's control, like power outages from a bad storm, which a student cannot control.

It is very common to hear doctors speak about having a decent amount of interaction with students and how healthy interacting is for a person. So, why would a school hinder a student's ability to interact with peers by using distance learning? Distance learning is very negligent to a necessity in a young student's life, which is the ability to interact. Instead of being in a classroom with 20 other students, a student is inside of a house staring at a computer screen nonstop for 7 hours daily.

In a scientific study by Xavier College, it is said over 69% of students in high schools across America preferred hands-on learning over any other type of learning. The reason for that is simple, teachers who interact while involving students in classrooms get through a student's head and makes him/her understand a concept better. Distance learning however, is the exact opposite of hands-on learning, and doesn't stick and get in the brain like hands-on learning does. Mainly because of it's inability to make a student want to be excited to learn a new concept.

The biggest factor over schools choosing to do distance learning is clear, and that is the unreliable nature and overall risk of online learning. Often times, a student is not even in control of a situation that can disrupt a online learning session. For example, a bad storm can hit during a video conference and shut off your power, once that happens, what do you do? Wait for an indefinite time for your power to come back to your house? That would be ridiculous. Another possibility is your computer having issues and not being able to use it, it's hard to say what any school offering online courses would do in that situation. but it seems far to likely to occur. The risk is stacked against schools when they have very likely possibilities that can happen to a student and their learning. Also, relying on a student when most are not the most responsible and mature yet is a bad idea.

In conclusion, I do not believe students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. online learning is just too risky and overall not very effective when compared to tried-and-true methods of teaching like hands-on teaching. Also, it takes a toll on a student mentally because they have less time to hang out and interact with peers. In a school's viewpoint, doing online schooling is a waste of time and money, especially compared to an actual school a student can go to, which keep in mind is more effective than distance learning.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     