"Over the last 10 years, schools have been making kids do a extracurricular activity,"Generic_Name, at Generic_School. Our newest controversy started earlier this year about kids must do or dont have to do an extracurricular activity. My principal has made up his mind about how students at our school must take a extracurricular activity. I agree with my principal that students at my school must do an extracurricular activity.

One reason why I agree with my principal that we made students do a extracurricular activity is to get involved with your school. Generic_School Chairman found out that over 1,000,000 kids are doing a extracurricular activity at their school right now. That is not enough we need more schools to make an impact on their students to make them do extracurricular activities. Getting involved with your school is a great way to make new friends, and to not be stuck to your video game at home. I actually got involved with the school all my years here at middle school. In 6th grade I was on the basketball team, and in 6th, and 7th I was a ambassador, and now in 8th grade Im an ambassador as well. An ambassador is a student who is just an all-around leader, and doesnt do anything wrong. As an ambassador you make sure everybody is safe, and also make sure nobody is getting bullied.

The second reason why I agree with my principal about making the students here at our middle school do a extracurricular activity is what if they actually are good at it, or maybe what if they like it. A teacher at Generic_School found out that most of these kids who actually try something new, then they end up sticking with it, she said it was over 75% of most students. Thats a good amount! I bet that a lot of these kids probably did sports like soccer, basketball, football, or baseball at their schools, or even signed up for the yearbook staff or lastly became a student council. I know that at our school we have a basketball team, and baseball team, Odyssey of the mind, student councils, yearbook staffs, and the list goes on and on. Our principal thinks we need more. I agree with him on that. This is one reason why I agree with my principal on making students at our school do a extracurricular activity.

The last reason why I agree with our principal on making kids do an extracurricular activity is that it can help you with your emotions. Generic_Name stated that "Most kids or students who end up doing an extracurricular activity is actually relieving off stress and anxiety." I know for a fact that that can help you loose stress. One way that I love to loose stress is by working out and playing basketball, football, and lacrosse. All of these things get my mind off things very easily, and they also make other things going on around me less stressful. Over the last couple of years kids have been on their video games and phones a lot, and its causing a distraction to their mental side of life. Kids are getting more depressed second by second by just playing video games. I know for a fact if they try something out doors, then they wont be as depressed or hopeless. Kids deserve so much more in the world.

On the other hand, a lot of schools are not making kids take an extracurricular activity. They think that the students dont have do if they dont want to. I can see where their coming from and they have a good point. You dont have to do something if you dont like it, but it is always good to try something new. Generic_School reported that over 25% of schools dont have their students taking an extracurricular activity. They said that they wanted to focus more on their education instead. I dont take pride in what other people thoughts and beliefs are, but I know for a fact that kids must do a extracurricular activity. It makes more sense, you want your students to be more involved with your school, and you want them to do something that they might actually like. I know that at Generic_School in Texas has yearbook activities, and they found that over half of their school is doing that, because they love it and they want to pursue making designs and other things like that.

To sum it up, I agree with my principal about making it so all of our students at my school must do a extracurricular activity. The reasons why I agree with him are one getting involved with your school, it is always good to help your school out and to get involved. The second reason is what if your actually good at the extracurricular activity, I know most kids are based on research. The last reason why I agree with my principal is that it can take away your negative emotions and turn them to some positive emotions. Most kids gain stress by playing video games all day and not doing or taking an activity outside of school. Here are the steps you should take to just be a better person in general. First get up and when you go to school get a flier about some extracurricular activity. It doesnt have to be the best activity ever, but it could be something small like serve as a student council or work on the school yearbook, there are an endless amount of extracurricular activities to take part in. The last step is to just sign up for that activity and have fun while doing it. In addition, if you dont want to take part in an extracurricular activity in school, then you can do one out of school Like you can get a membership to a gym, or you can tryout for any sports team your interested in. Just make sure you dont stay at home all day and play video games.