I think policy 2 is better because the principal will not get respect from the kids and the kids will not be doing there work because they will want to have their cell phone out. Policy 2 will keep kids on track and will make sure that kids will not be distracted by their cell phone. Policy 1 is not a good idea because kids will think they will not get in trouble since their allowed to have their cellular device when there at lunch and other free times. Policy 2 will make sure kids do not have their cell phone because they will get it taken away. If the principal chooses the first one, then the kids will think that they will get away with it and mess around during class when they should be working. Kids will not be able to learn and listen if they are allowed to have their cell phone. I think that kids will listen better with policy 2 because no kid wants to get their cell phone taken away by a teacher and they will learn better.

Kids will not learn as good if their constantly on their cell phone during class. kids will be texting each other and playing games. Another reason why it is so bad is that the students could easily text an answer of a question, on like a test or class work and the kids would be cheating. the principle will get in trouble by the parents because their child cheated with another person when they actually didn't learn anything because the thought the could just get an answer from someone that was in the same class and the only way they can do that is if they're allowed to have cell phones in school.

The school will get a bad review by critics because so many kids didn't pay any attention and failed a lot of test and quizzes. Another reason why it is bad to have cell phones at a school is that a lot of kids will ask to go to the restroom and just call people and text them so they can get out of class.

I think children will be better off with out a cell phone in school and they will pay attention more while they are in class. To me, i think policy 2 is better because the kids will be better kids, they will learn more, they will respect their teachers, and the most important of all they will get better grades then ever before.