Personally i am for driverless cars because with these cars if a accident were to ever occur the car would prevent it from happening which would prevent lots of deaths from texting and driveing from hit an runs. It would also keep the driver protected and also other drivers on the road protected. And also the sensors on the car modify when you are to close to a object or are going to hit a object before it is going to happen. And also the dubbed LIDAR use laser beams to form a constant updateing 3-D model of the car's surroundings with this combination the input is necessary for the driverless to mimic the real skill of a human at the wheel. And with the assistance and help of google the GPS his able to connect to google maps to navigate the driverless car to it's destination. With the sensors on and in the car drivers assistance isnt a problem, with the antilock brakes the is willing to stop when something is blocking it or is comeing at it with a equal speed. With more roadside assistance from google you can connect your cell phone to the car and answer the phone as you please and still be able to safely drive on the road.

With some of the assistance there is another added one its called "Traffic Jam Assistant" the car can handle driving functions at speeds up to 25 miles per hour, but the special touch sensors makes sure the driver keeps hold of wheel. But not any of the cars made today so far has not accomplished makeing cars competely driverless they can break themselves, steer and also accelerate and all this tecnology keeps driver notified when on the road.

The car cant do all this on its on it needs human skill and assistance at the wheel along with it. Such as steering and working its way through work zones and getting its way around accidents. But the human at the wheel must be paying attiention and alert to whats ahead of him or her. And when a situation occurs it must require human assistance.

The human does not have complete control on stopping the vehacle. GM has a special development , when ever the vehicle is in danger or is backing up into a object the seat vibrates. and when the vehicle cant manage somthing the human can it announces the human should take over and it sends other ways and signals the driver another way if not seen that way. there is also another way to keep the driver focused on the road and to make sure there are cameras watching the driver to make sure the drivers remain focuesed on the road, while the driver watches the road, the car watches the driver.

automakers and manufactuers have devolped a new and fun way to make driver pay attiention to the road and to keep the driver safe they will continue makeing these changes to the automoblies today and in many more years to come. they have predicted that in 2020 cars be able to drive on autopilot 90 percent of the time. but only time willl tell and get us closer to inovate more technology each decade.