Dear TEACHER_NAME,

Community service tasks are a good way to get students involved. It would help get more things done in the community. Instead of forcing students to do things they don't like, they could help with something they are interested in. The students might find something they like or are really good at. It might also keep they off the couch and away from the TV and computer. I think that community service hours are a good idea for the students to work on.

If you love to read or having time to think in a quiet environment you could help in the library. You could shelf books, dust, or just help people find what they need. If you don't think the library would be a good place for you, you could find other places to volunteer such as an animal shelter, a hospital, a soup kitchen, or you could just coach a little league sports team. There's always a place looking for extra help. You may not get payed, but you'll feel good about yourself for helping people and animals who need it.

There are also charity events you can take part in. The 'Race for the Cure' is a charity that raises money for people with breast cancer and can't pay their medical bills. You don't have to race or even walk, you could just donate money. You can get a special t-shirt and a pamphlet for participating. You can invite all your friends to walk to!

Students need to get out in the world and help people who need it. It will help prepare you for the future when you get a job. Community service also looks good on a college application. Many people see that as a good quality in a person. It might also be a fun experience you will remember forever.

To sum things up, I think community service hours are a good idea. You may not like it at first, but it's good to try new things. There are many examples as to why community service would be a good thing to have students do. It would make students think twice about their careers. I hope this has persuaded you to think more about community service hours.      