Summer break is a long three months away from school for students to relax, learn new skills and enjoy themselves. Most students tend to forget everything they are taught throughout the school year over this break. Summer break to majority of students is time for having the best time of their lives doing all the things they love which hardly ever includes academic work. Teacher-designed summer projects would be a very effective way to ensure students keep receiving knowledge throughout their summer break because education is a continuous process. Teachers would be the best choice to design these summer projects because they thoroughly know the syllabus of the course they teach, they would give realistic projects students can complete on time and teachers would be fair in selecting the type and criteria of the project.

Teachers have all the information about the courses they teach and what their students need to know each year. Teacher-designed projects would entail the necessary topics and lessons for students to work on during their summer break. Other people might argue that the students are also well informed about what they are being taught so should create their own summer projects but most students might just have an idea about what they need to know but might not know about the course in detail as much as the teacher does with all their years of experience and trying new approaches to figure out what works best for their students. Students might also just want to create projects that would be very easy to complete just so they can get it over with. At the end of the day if students are allowed to create their own projects they end up learning nothing new because it was based on stuff they already knew. For example a Geometry teacher teaching tenth graders would not create a math project for tenth grade students based on sixth grade math because that is way below them.

With teacher designed-projects they are more likely to have realistic amount of work and would be possible for students to complete and meet the goal at the end of the break, teachers would most definitely not give too much work to overburden students since they also need some rest or too little work to students but give them just enough work for the break. But if student-designed projects are used students are more likely to create very short and straight to the point projects because most students are lazy and just do not want to be bothered with any work so would not want to challenge themselves to research and do more but would want very few questions that would not need any serious thinking and application of knowledge. A teacher who teaches a 12th grade English class could give a summer project for students to read and summarize a book of their choice and find out the meanings of 20 new words in the book but students would have probably wanted a project where they just write out ten new words from the book they read.

Every student always wants the easy way out of everything so if allowed to create a summer project would just create a project based on what they are very good at for example; a project with artwork, a crossword puzzle or a project about their own sentences and this would lead to a disagreement among the students to pick the best project which would be good for everyone. However, a teacher would not be biased in choosing a summer project for their students, they would assign a project based on skills all their students are expected to know or already have without picking out what some particular people would want in that class.

Ultimately, teachers know the best approaches and methods when it comes to projects for their students because they have worked with many different students over the years and came up with very effective teacher-designed summer projects to help their students keep learning over the break without stressing them.                                           