Is attending class online more beneficial than attending class physically? Actually there are many cons to attending class online. While some might say that attending school from home would be more beneficial, students wouldn't be as disciplined as if they would physically go to school and would loss the opportunity to be more social with new people.

To begin with, students would have lack of discipline, for example having a routine to get up in the morning to go to school would be lost to getting up and opening a computer. That could really harm students in the long run when they have to get a job that will require them to get up and out the door at a certain time. Some students wouldn't go out if it weren't for school. This could also cause students to become lazy and it could be crucial to there future. Going to school requires a lot of discipline, waking up every morning to go to school can also be good for your health because students have to walk a lot to get around the school to there next class which is more beneficial than sitting at home on the computer.

Furthermore, being at school can be more enjoyable than being at home learning. For example when attending class you look forward to seeing your friends and having a good time with them, or maybe even meet new people that you haven't met before. Interacting with your teachers person to person would most likely be more effective for learning than over the computer, because explaining things in person could be understood more clearly then over the computer. There could also be many problems to this form of learning because if your computer is having technical issues then you can't attend class or if you experience bad connection, communicating with your teacher could be hard. When going to school it doesn't matter as much if you have technical issues, you would still be in class and learn.

In conclusion, there could be some benefits for attending school from home, but it wouldn't be as beneficial as going to school physically. Attending class online makes you less discipline and not as social as if you would go to class. There are so many more opportunities for going to class than class online.