Sometimes we take advantage of how lucky we are to own or use a car each day. Imagine how much cleaner the countries that don't necessarily have that advantage are.

There are several advantages in reducing the use of cars in our world. Many of the advantages have been listed throughout these four passages. In order to help make our environment a cleaner place, we must take into consideration what the advantages are of limiting car usage.

Heidrun Walter, from Germany, stated how much happier she is without a car. We could share the same happiness she does in using a different method of transportation each day other than a car.

Pollution is high all around the world and a lot of that has to do with the fumes and gasoline which come from cars. If the whole world took part in what Columbia does each year, then our world could be so much cleaner. Even after Paris reduced the amount of cars used for only five days, the congestion had gone down sixty percent.

By reducing the amount of cars which take over the road, the amount of accidents would be profusely lowered as well. Cars are excellent sources of transportation, but they are also the leading cause of death around the world.

Anyone who has ever used a car knows very well how expensive it can be to maintain a car. A monthly gas bill could add up to hundreds, oil changes, tire rotation, and all the other things required in keeping a car will add up to be very costly.

As a result of lowering car usage, people could benefit from it by getting daily exercise. In America the percentage of obesity is high compared to the rest of the world. People rely on cars to bring them places and they forget the fact that they also need daily exercise. Exercise is known to help relieve anger and clear the mind. By walking, skating, biking, or even rollerblading, we would allow ourselves time to think when we are upset or frusterated or maybe even happy! The streets would be much safer if there weren't people who had mixed emotions driving around.

Decreasing the amount of cars on the road defintely has benfitted all the countries that have taken part in it. There are no major disadvantages of being "car free". Most Americans do have abililty to drive a car so the thought of not having a car could be upsetting.

Our communtiy would benfit from this change vastly. It doesn't have to be forever, but decreasing car usage would be helpful to our big world.    