Our world is becoming more and more automatic. Everyday things that people use to take an hour to do can now be done by a machine without any labor involved. This can make things easier and seemingly better, until something goes wrong. These ways of doing things automatically have hidden problems that are not good about them, much like the driverless car. Driverless cars are not a good thing because of the extra cost, the complicated maininence, and the possible safety hazards.

Cars cost a whole lot as it is, but driverless cars will cost a whole lot more. The radar on the top of these driverless cars cost 200 million dollars to devolope, as stated in the article. That is just more money added to the cost of these cars. That is not even counted the many more electronic softwear that has to go in these cars in order for them to drive themselves. As many people know, electronics are expensive these days, and adding a whole bunch more to these driverless cars will make the price skyrocket, which is why I am opposed to them.

When people are driving their own car correctly and how they should, they can see everything around them, and if something were to go wrong, they can manuever however they want to in order to avoid the problem at hand or stop it as soon as possible. Also, there are so many things to take into acount when driving. Such as the sudden moves of people or animals or other cars, and a person can also adapt their driving in certain weather conditions, which was not mentioned about the driverless car in the article. If there was no way that someone could avoid an accident and they had to drive into a ditch in order to get out of harms way, there would not be alot of damage done. These crazy but possible events are the reason that driverless cars are less safe, because would a driverless car be able to do the same thing at a moments notice? It could beep and turn it over to the driver, but the driver is unprepared and unaware of what is happening, because they got so bored since they were not driving that they have not been paying attention. There are so many factors and scenarios that have to be considered when talking about driverless cars, and I think the possible danger of them outweighs the benfits.

Like mentioned in the first paragraph, the cost of the extra electronic parts of these cars is more than enough to dislike them, but now emagine if one of these parts were to go out, now your self driving car cannot function properly. Fixing electronic problems are very expensive, as sensors for various vehicles today can cost over one thousand dollars. And we are dealing with more complicated technology than just a single sensor. These electronical problems are the most complicated to fix, and that means that they cost a whole lot more to fix than a normal, easy mechanical problem like a spark plug. That is why these driverless cars are a bad thing, because of the expensive maintenence.

Why can't people just sit back and enjoy the ride and the pleasure of driving? If taught correctly, this is the safest bet. The cost of electronics for a self driving car are very expensive, and a human driver that is aware of his surroundings and how those surroundings react when driving is far more safe that a self driving car. The maintenence of the expensive electronics will be a mechanics demise when one of these magic cars come rolling in the shop. Which is why I am against self driving cars because of the extra expence, the risk in safety, and the cost of maintenece.