To the whom it may concern:

The rule for cell phones is always discussed. For the two years I have been at this school I have seen plenty of my peers' cell phones taken away. During class I think enforcing the rule of no cell phones is legitimate. If people have phones out how are they supposed to pay attention during class. With that rule i totally agree with you. But, I might say that I think we should be able to have our phones out before school, passing periods, and lunch. We aren't bugging anyone in class, so i really don't see a problem.

I strongly believe that we should be able to have our phones out outside of class. One reason i believe this is because many times my friends have had to hide in the bathrooms or hide behind friends because they have to text or call their parents. A lot of the time it is because we don't feel good or sometimes we might have forgotten a project that our teachers will not accept late. Half of the time we aren't using our phones to talk to our friends. We need them for important reasons. Or sometimes our parents need to get a hold of us. Yes, it's true that our parents could contact the office and the office would send us a pass letting us know the news. But, sometimes the news is personally and we don't want other people knowing what's going on. Anyways this isn't always effective because my friends mother had called saying she needed to go home with her friend because she could not pick her up that day. Well, my friend never got the note from the office and her mom had to get off her job to pick her up. This could have easily been avoided if she could have used her cell phone.

Another reason that may not be appealing to you as it is to us, but we need our cell phones for memories. For my friends and I this will be our last year of 8th grade. We would like to get as many pictures of us together as possible. On spirit days, Spring Fair, Food Fairs, and rallies those are some of the most fun days for us. We like to use our cell phones for pictures so we can always remember those days. Of course we can always think about those days, but a picture is worth a thousand words. Can you imagine if your most favorite photo that you have was never allowed to be taken? You would remember that memory, but doesn't that picture always make you smile. That's how it is for us. This time in school for us means a lot. Our last year in middle school. We try to make this one of the best years. With field trips like to Disney Land or Sunsplash those are two things we are going to look back on forever.

Of course you could argue that if you let kid shave their phones out during passing periods and lunch, they might use them during class. That is an understandable argument, but i think if you let kids have their phones while they are not in class that be a reward to them. You could also say that any students caught with their phone inside the class room will get and automatic detention and their phone will be taken away. I think that would solve the problem.

It may seem like we're asking a lot, but we really aren't. If we had this chance we could prove to you that it would not be a problem.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME