The author states that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents. The first reason that supports this idea is by stating that Venus has caught the attention of astronomers because it was once a planet like earth. Second, another reason that supports this idea is NASA wants to have a better insight of the ground conditions of Venus and studying them better. The third reason is NASA has been trying to invent a way for humans or technology to survivethe conditions in Venus and studying Venus more without risking anyones life.

The first reason that supports the idea that studying Venus is a worhty pursuit despite the dangers it presents is the author states that Venus has caught the attention of many astronomers because long ago Venus was a planet like earh. Venus "was covered largely with oceans and could have supported various forms of life, just like earth" stating that Venus was a planet that had lots of different forms of life and that astronomers are amazed and are wanting to discover more about Venus." Furthermore, recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, a crucial consideration given the long time frames of space travel," this quote states that Venus is the planet that can be the nearest to us and that it would benefit NASA a lot because although this planet is pretty dangerous to be in it would help NASA learn and discover things about Venus and how to be there without risking their lifes.

The second reason that supports this idea is NASA wants to have a better insight on ground conditions and studying them better. " More imporantly, reseachers cannot take samples of rock, gas, or anything else, from distance. Therefore, scientists seeking to conduct a thorough mission to undersatnd Venus..." this quote states that NASA has realized that they can't get simples of any kind of living life in Venus that could help invent a way to be there without risking anyones life therefore they haven't invented the technology to do that but they are working on it althought they know there are risks. "Many researchers are working on innovations that could allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus" the quote here states again that researchers are working on finding technolgy that will allow their machines to last longer in Venus so that they can see and study for themselves Venus but are they are also cautions that sending those machines could maybe not work.

The thrid reason that supports this idea is NASA is taking different approaches to studying and learning aboust Venus. " Some simplifed electronics made of silicon carbide have been tested ina chamber simulating the chaos of Venus's surface and have lasted for three weeks in such conditions,"

the quote here states that NASA is coming up with new inventions to study Venus without taking the risk of going actually there. Its also states that they had invented a kind of electronic that will last there up to three weeks in Venus. "Another project is loking back to an old technology called mechanical computers," the quotes states that NASA is looking back to technology that was used during world war 2 could be useful for studying Venus.

In concludsion the author supports the idea that studying Venus is worthy pursuit despite the dangers real well by giving examples. Even though there are many risks into going to Venus there is many reasons why to take those risks. Astronmers could study more about Venus and its similarites to earth. It would help NASA discover new forms of life. It would benefit NASA by studying more about the ground conditions in Venus. It would help NASA work on taking different approaches to studying Venus. Instead of just sending a person to Venus and risking their life NASA will have technology that will be able to resist the conditions of Venus and be better prepared.      