Public school claims to be a fair learning environment for everyone; however, it is not. A good way to ensure one gets a great education is to accommodate to make oneself comfortable. There is an ongoing debate whether or not students should attend classes from home via computer or video conference. Although some may disagree, students would benefit from taking classes at home.

There are many benefits from students taking classes at home.

Some students learn better in different environments. For example, some students prefer silence, others prefer music, and some just a little noise. Some students may get distracted in the classroom by clutter, posters, or even neatness. Some may be more comfortable at home. School has hard chairs that are hard to do anything in. Some may feel better to do work on a comfy bed or sofa. During home schooling students can wake up at any time comfortable to them and not have to wake up super early and tired and not function. At home students are not hindered to a few supplies because of the school budgeting. At home there is faster internet connection and students can use their own electronic devices.

There are additional benefits from taking classes at home. One can juggle home and school life much easier. After school students rush to get chores done and after that stay up all night doing homework. If they are home schooled then they can alternate between chores and work and also take care of pets and other responsibilities around the house. Classrooms are sometimes boring and during home school it won't be boring. Students fight sleep everyday in a boring classroom and that is not good for their health. Boring classes are hard to learn in because students are fighting sleep and are not focused on what is being taught and are focusing on trying to stay up or focusing on the clock wondering when it is time leave. In classrooms one's classmates can be very distracting. One may be distracted by a person they are interested in, or they have friends in the class and all they do is goof off and not pay attention. On the other hand, one may dislike his or her classmates and that could be very distracting too.

In conclusion, many may not agree but their are many benefits from classes at home.

School can be distracting and boring. Benefits of home schooling are: students are in a comfortable learning environment to them, juggle chores and school work easier, and they get to use their own resources. Others say that a classroom is a better learning environment for adolescents but they are wrong. As a fellow students I know that the best learning environment is at home.