In the article "Driverless Cars Are Coming" the author expalins both the positive and negative benefits of driverless cars. Driverless cars have been something only people could dream about and could only be seen in movies or TV shows. However, that idea is changing rapidly with the advancement of smarter cars. Many car manufacturers are beginning to formulate ways to design driverless cars including BMW and GM. The idea of a driverless car sounds crazy but in actuality it is something that is very capable of happening over the next decade or so.

In todays world we are constantly using technology for almost everything in the world especially transportation. The reason we are not far from designing complete driverless cars is because most of our cars today basically already have the capability to drive on their own if it really had to. Take the Toyota Prius for example, it uses position-estimating sensors, rotating sensors, video camera on the rearview mirror, radar sensors, and inertial motion sensor. All of these forms of technology allow the driver to be completley aware of his or her surroundings. Even if the driver is not at full attention when driving, these sensors are able to alert the driver if something is wrong. Another advancement in cars has been the development of brakes and how they are able to stop if there is something in front of them or if they need to stop abruptly.

All of these advancements in the car industry sound like maufacturers could make the smarter driverless car by next week, but there are other opinions. The opposing side's point of view is that driverless cars can become dangerous if the technology malfunctions. And they also beleive that the safest way to drive a vehicle is if the driver is at full alert. It is also still illegal in most states just to even test these smarter cars let alone manufacture them. And there is also the law abbiding side of it in the sense that if there were to be an accident with a smarter car, would the driver be at fault or would the car manufacturer. However driverless cars can be a major advancement in technology if the technology produces good results and can be consistent. If the world converted to smarter cars the accident rate would decrease due to the fact that driverless cars all had sensors and cameras allowing them to avoid accidents that humans might not see in time. Driverless cars would also decrease the urge of wreckless driving or driving under the influence. Also, less accidents means less traffic and busier cities could be able to run more smoothly through out the day. If car manufacturers can one day prove that smarter cars are just as safe, if not safer than regular cars, then we should be all for the development of these smarter cars.