.

Schools offers distance learning as an option for students to attend classes online. Students should take this advantage and learn online. The online or video conferencing classes is same like the students are sitting in the classroom. Some students has many problems while to come to school every day. It is good initiative for every student. When students are out of town or country they can study or make-up easily online what they missed in school when they were absent. There are some students who are more benefit for this are those who are too far from their school. For example the student, while going to school they face problems and difficulties every day because they cannot afford a car and his/her school is far from home. Studying online is not a easy way to learn something, but it is good for some students who want to study. Students would be benefit from being able to attend classes online because Students can learn easily online when they were absent from school , students who want to study in abroad but cannot come of some reasons, they can learn online easily and students who are disable can learn online easily.

Students would be benefit from taking classes online because students can learn or study easily online when they were absent from school. Sometime students who go abroad for their studying had an emergency which they need to go back to their country and they cannot go just because of their school. They don't go because they are going to be missed their lectures and classes and can't make up all work in short time. By taking online or video conferencing classes student can easily make up all their stuffs which they had missed when they go outside of town or country for weeks or month. Where ever students can go, if they have internet access they can study online. If students were absent they can easily make-up work online. For example, If student got injury and nurse told him/her to take 10 day bed rest but student have finals after 2 weeks and they don't want to miss their days. But, student have to take bed rest because he/she got serious injury. If they have online or video conferencing classes, it would be benefit them a lot. They can make-up all their work which they missed. It would be help them a lot. Student would be benefit from taking online classes. Every students need to take advantage of this.

Students would be benefit from taking classes online because students who want to study in abroad but cannot come of some reasons. They can't afford it. In their country there are not such a good education system thats why they want to study in abroad and fulfill their dreams. It is the good initiative which school take it to give online classes. It helps those students who want to study in abroad. They don't need to go anywhere. They can stay in their country and study through online or video conferencing classes. For example, a student, who has dream to study in abroad to become a doctor but he/she has not enough money to go to abroad and study there. There parents do everything for them but cannot make that enough money to send them abroad. Student think that he/she will never become a doctor. If student take online or video conferencing classes, it would help them to fulfill their dream and reach their destiny. Student would benefit from taking online classes. Online classes give them boost.

Students would be benefit from taking classes online because students who are disable, can learn/study online easily. It is the good initiative which school offers for the students who are disable because disable student lose their hope and they think they cannot do anything now. They think everyone is going to make fun of them which never happens. Some disable person cannot come to school , who cannot walk, so they have advantage to attend online classes from home. For example, disable student who dont want to go to school and study just because of their disability. Nobody can force them what to do. They don't have to go anywhere. They have one advantage to take online or video conferencing classes to compete with others. It will give them more confidence in life. To take online classes, they can fulfill their all dreams which they made. It will give them more happiness.

Students would be benefit from being able to attend online classes . Students can learn easily online when they were absent from school because of some emergencies. Students can learn easily online because the students,

who want to study in abroad but cannot go because they cannot afford it. Students who cannot go to school because of some disabilities, they can learn online easily. It would benefit them a lot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     