Dear Senator,

My name is PROPER_NAME. It would be beneficial to keep the electorial college because it is in the constitution as a compromise between election of the President by a vote in Congree and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens, if we used just popular vote candidtates would just go to bigger states like Florida, California, Texas, and Georgia and win the popular vote, and lastely without the electorial college there would be a greater chance of a dispute.

Five reasons to keep the electiorial college are:

1. Certainty of Outcome

A dispute over the outcome of an Electorial College vote is possible but it is less likely than a dispute over the popular vote because the winning candidate's share of the Electorial College invariably exceeds his share of the popular vote.

Almost all states award electorial votes on a winner take all bases.

This means that if a president wins 51 percent of a states popular vote they win 100 percent of the Electorial votes.

In the 2012 election Obama recieved 61.7 percent of the electorial vote, but only 51.3 percent of the popular vote.

Althought a tie in the electorial vote is possible because there is an even 538 votes it is highly unlikely.

2. Everyone's President

The Electorial College requires a presidential candidater to have a trans-regianal appeal, what this means is that no regian has enough electorial votes to elect a president.

Therefore a president with only one regional appeal is unlikely to be succesful.

If the president could win the electorial vote with just one regions votes the other regians would feel disenfranchised and feel that the president wouldn't care about what they want or need.

3. Swing States

The winner-take-akk method of awarding electorial votes makes candidates focus on states called swing states.

These voters in the swing states are most likely to bve the most thoughtful voters and they are the ones that decide most elections.

An example of a swing state is Florida.

Florida always changes between Republican and Democrat and having 29 electoirial votes that is a big deal.

4. Big States

The electorial College gives back some of the weight in big states that they lose in the senate where every state has only 2 representatives.

Florida is also a big state having 29 electorial votes.

This makes Florida even more attractive to candidates to visit because it is both a swing state and a big state.

5. Avoid Run-Off Elections

The Electorial College avoids a problem in which no candidate receives a majority of the vots cast.

The Electorial College takes away that complication by providing a clear winner.

Lastley if popular vote was used candidates wouldn't have to go to a variety of states, they could go to the same big states including California, Florida, Texas, Georgia, and Washington.

Just winning the majority of these states they could win the whole election.

This would cause smaller states like Ohia, North and South Dakota, and Michigan to not be a piece of the election as much because of their low population.

I hope this helps you decide what to do about the decision between Electorial College and Popular Vote.

Think about the smaller states.

They don't want to be left out.

Thanks,

PROPER_NAME   