The concept of aliens is a topic that some of us believe and some of us do not. Whether it has to do with how aliens may have affected how Earth was created or that there are other living organisms on planets other than Earth. Most scientists have used reasonable research to discover that aliens are not real, but yet there are still some scientists that believe they are in fact real. Based on the photos taken of the Face, aliens did not create this structure, it is simply just a natural landform.

In 1976, NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft visited Mars and discovered the Face while snatching photos for landing areas for the Viking 2 ship. It looked as though it was the shape of a head, which is why it is known as the Face. This formation was gigantic, measuring almost two miles across. Something so giant couldn't have been formed from aliens, especially if it resembles a head, symbolizing that it may be an imprint of an actual alien. As they studied the photos of the Face, they began to realize how similar its features were to those of a human's face, or this case, what could be an alien. These facial features were then recognized to be just shadows, which adds to the fact that the imprint of a human, or alien face, could not have been formed. A formation this large cannot resemble that of a human, nethertheless an alien.

For twenty-five years, "The Face of Mars" was a famous attraction, attracting many people to be interested and cause an even broader range of thoughts about how this landform was created. As more people become engaged in this unusual formation, NASA continued to snap photos of the Face to uncover more information about what it really was and how it was really created. Later on, Michael Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera team took one more picture that had ten times the resolution that the orginal Viking images had. When this picture was viewed by many on a web site, it then revealed that it was, indeed, a natural landform and there was no evidence of aliens, as many people thought. Information from the several images that were taken establish that this structure is a natural landform, and not a creation from aliens.

Even though images proved that the Face was a natural landform and not something created by aliens, there still remained people who didn't believe this concept. At the time the most recent photo was taken, it was winter on the planet, and the Face on Mars was located in an area that consisted of a cloudy region. Those who still believed that aliens created the Face also believed that this area of clouds could have affected the picture that was taken during that time. The scientists claimed that it isn't an easy task to find the Face and capture a decent picture of it when possible, but still yearned to capture another shot to prove that aliens had not created it. So, on a summer day that consisted of no clouds, the team captured another photo with the maximum resolution. Because of the outstanding resoluation of the photo, it then again proved that it was simply anatural landform and that aliens did not play a part in it's creation.

Throughout the journey of discovering whether this creation was formed by aliens or that it was a natural landform the scientists and photos taken proved that there were no aliens. Although somemay still believe that there were aliens, these photos demonstrate real evidence that there was not. Like the scientists said, it was very similar to a landform on Earth, that is created naturally. Because of this discovery of the Face, scientists have been given the chance to explore the realmsof creations on other planets and prove that they cannot be formed by aliens, but simply by the natural occurences that take place on that planet.                