Ever since the invention of the car people have driven over walking or biking. while it does cause gas emissions as well as other forms of pollution such as smog, there is no better way to get from point A to point B in every day life.

Henry ford revolutionized the world when he produced the model T. Ever since then driving has been a huge part of life in the world. it makes life easy and it has almost become our own "coming of age"  ceremony to when you can finally get your lisence. having a lisence is just more freedom and it as become in most societies more than just a piece of plastic showing you can drive. now it is used as your ID. it is used to show your age, where you are allowed into, whether or not you can buy alcohol. getting your lisence is almost a necessity now.

Now, if the entire world were like the Vauban where there were individual suburbs with wide sidewalks, their own restaraunts, and own grocery stores all with in reasonable biking distance, then sure, I'm all for  ditching the car. But, in every day life the car is a necessity. Now im only speaking from what ive seen in my little town on the coast of Florida. I agree that the car in New York carries less value and need than where i live. But people still own them, the streets are still always full, and taxi cabs are still cars. It'd be different if you took the subway of the big eat coast cities or the cable cars of the west coast ones. But taking a taxi is still burning precious fuel that is harmful to our air.

These "car free utopias" sound very good. They may even be a success, but the main thing they lack is practicality. There is nothing practical about these places. They reduce fuel use and smog and air polution sure. But the use for a car or a truck cannot be replaced. lets say there is apractical emergency, your wife's water just broke. you are not going to be able to get to the nearest hospital on your bike in time. calling an ambulance may take too long as well. or lets say you need to evacuate. (not a threat that happens often, but still a pliable scenairo). I'm not saying these cities arent amazing nor am I bashing them. I find them very progressive and excellent. i think that they can really make their mark. There just is no replacement for the automobile.

These cites can grow and sprout all over the world. they can prosper and get phenomenal feedback and support. However, they will never replace the automobile. At least not in my lifetime, probably not even in my childrens' lifetime and perhaps not even in their childrens' life time. Every sinc Mr. Ford produced that first model T. The automobile was here to stay for a very very long time.                            