Have you ever asked someone for advice and they give you a bland answer or an advice that you just do not like? I think when seeking for advice you should always seek multiple advice from a variety of people because you have more options to try, it widens your knowledge about the subject, and you learn more about the people you are asking.

Your overall knowledge of the subject would grow majorly by asking for multiple advice. When you knowledge is widened about a subject it helps you understand the problem or event more. Knowing a lot about the event or problem is just one part of making a good choice. You can you use knowledge about the problem with ideas that other people had. Overall when you know more about the subject you are asking advice for it can fuel a better choice.

Asking for lots of advice gives you more options to use to build a good choice. Therefore you get lots of feedback when you try different advice. You can also use feedback to your advantage. Resolving a problem is all about trial and error and learning what you have to do to overcome the problem. You may not even have to use trial and error if the advice works and you can come up with a good choice. Therefore the knowledge from your feedback and advice you can form it all together and make a great choice.

Pushing the problem solving to the side, when asking for advice you will learn a lot about a person from the advice they give you. Asking for advice and agreeing on something could spark a friendship with someone. If you agree on a advice while caring out the choice that you made your would have a good attitude about it and the advice would probably work. Working together is also a great option when you have to make a good choice. It can combine two different views into one great choice.

In conclusion, I think you should always seek multiple people for advice because it widens your knowledge, you have more options to try, and your learn more about people. Your overall knowledge of the event,subject, or problem would grow because you just asked a couple more questions. 