Do you ever feel like you need to better yourself? You may want to join a sport or club. A team or club can be beneficial in many ways to more than one person. Most students dont have the will to be on a team, this is why they may need it. I believe that extracurricular activity should be required because it trains students up for different activities, helps the teams, and puts kids into a social environment.

Extracurricular activities train you. Activity make kids learn something new such as how to shoot a goal or how to arrange meetings. Some activities have skills that can help you in school, such as book clubs that make you more open to reading. The more sports you play or the more clubs your in, the more your taught new games and skills that you can use later. Most collages require an extracurricular activity to enter, so it is helpful to get it done early on. This opens a lot of opportunity for jobs in the future.

It's not only beneficial to the student, it is beneficial to the teams. Each team or club has an organization running it. It may be a school, or governmental agency, it's run by someone. The more kids doing activities can build the teams into larger ones. Once more students are in a team, it becomes more popular, making more students join it. This includes future generations, which keeps the team running. The more popular a team or club gets, the more money they collect, benefiting the people running it.

Some activities put you into a social environment. Being social is a key part to being healthy; It can both cause and relieve stress. On a team, all the teammates work together creating bonds between themselves, boosting confidence. To build confidence you need to be proud of what you do, and friends and teammates can help build that with you. Being able to talk to someone is also a needed skill, and coordinating with teammates can form that skill. Working on a team where no one plans with each other, doesn't help much with social life.

Overall, extracurricular activity should be required because it helps the teams, trains students for different activities, and puts kids into a social environment. It is very beneficial to anyone on a healthy team. 