Allowing students to take classes online would be extremely beneficial. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend class from home by way of online or video conferencing. Offering online classes to students would benefit them because some students may have to stay home to help out their family, it would allow students to learn more during summer to get ahead, and it gives students the ability to pursue multiple majors or classes at once.

Some students might be going through struggles in their home and are not able to go to school. For example, someones family member may be really sick and they must stay home to help them. Providing online classes would allow these students, who cannot go to school, to learn more. Another example may be the student needs to stay home to work and provide money for his family because they are not as fortunate. These students only way to learn would be from online classes if they are not able to go to school and dont know anyone who would be their teacher. Therefor, online classes should be offered in as many schools as possible to provide for all the students who cannot go to school.

Students who want to get ahead of their peers in the academic seen may want to take classes online during their summer. Taking classes in the summer would give students a jump ahead and allow them to take a more advanced class in school the following year. For example, I took academic math back in sixth grade and it put me behind in math, which is one of my better subjects, so I decided to take algebra over the summer in eighth so I could go into geometry when I got to high school. Distance learning really gives students the ability to get ahead if they decide to put the extra work in and work during their time off. I also think students should take advantage of online classes over the summer because they do not take nearly as long as the normal class would and it can bump you ahead.

Lastly, providing online classes to students would give them the ability to pursue multiple majors or classes at once. I know of many people who got a double major in college and online classes make that much easier. With all the free time some students have they could spend some of it working on another class online and gradually try to achieve a second major or put them ahead. Multiple majors give a person the power to pursue multiple fields of work to greater their chances of getting the best and most enjoyable job they possible can. Also, multiple schools offer online classes so a person can try to find the best school for that major or class and get the online class from there, if available.

Although providing online classes would allow more people to learn and grow their brain, I do believe it is more beneficial for a student to be working in school than from home. I think being in the school atmosphere has less distractions and is more demanding of your commitment. For example, working from home provides more distractions and the student has no one to enforce them to turn in their work. However, offering distance learning would allow people who cannot go to school learn, which would increase the worlds educated. Also, I believe online classes are the greatest way for students to get ahead and start trying to get into a good college early. Finally, online classes would allow the very dedicated students learn multiple classes or majors at once. Therefor, online classes should be always be offered until they come up with a more efficient way to learn from home.