There are many advantages and disadvantages to driverless cars. Overall, more things could go wrong with driverless cars than goes right. Every since the first cars were built, people all over the world have loved drving, owning, and working on cars. It is part of Americans life to own a car. Driverless cars will make us lazy and unrealiable in times when we need to give direction or actually drive. I think driverless cars are inferior because people love cars, millions of jobs revolve around people driving cars, and people would become far too lazy if they didn't have to drive.

First, people all over the world love cars. They love everything about them. They love the freedom they have while driving them and the feeling of independence. People love working on cars and restoring old cars to be like new. If cars suddenly became driverless, all of the things people love about cars would history.

Next, millions of jobs involve people driving. Truck and taxi drivers would lose their job to computers. This would result in even more unemployment and frustration. We would lose control on things that humans could do better. Not to mention bus drivers, how would driverless cars know when to wait on someone running late? Or if someone on the bus forgets to get off? Human drivers can remember and remind the passengers if they forget or are not paying attention.

Finally, people would become lazy knowing that they don't need to drive anymore. People would not memorize routes and get lost without the aid of the driverless car. If the driverless car were to break down, how would the passenger know how to fix it or what to do? Over time the driverless cars would be the only cars available and everyone at the BMV's, taxi companies, bus stations, and trucking, comapnies would lose their jobs to driverless cars.

In conclusion, driverless cars are inferior because people love cars,millions of people's jobs revolve around driving cars, and people would become far too lazy if they didn't have to drive. Driverless cars could cause a lot more problems then people realize. It could cost millions of peole their jobs. Also everyone around the world that loves cars the way they already are would be heartbroken. The automotive industry is a major finacial buff to the US economy and driverless cars could jeprodize it.  