Driveress cars are in our future because of all the scientific innovations and new Technology, we will be able to work through all of the issues and problems. These cars could save countless lives and add to the safety of people going from place to place on their daily routine.

Each and every day people are getting up early and driving on a few hours asleep, which causes them to be less aware and cautious behind the wheel of a car,this is called drousy driving. People die from drousy driving each day and some people do it without noticing the dangers of not getting enough sleep. No one thinks about how just closing your eyes for a milisecond to a few seconds can kill someone, you could unconsciencely merge into the oppositre lane and harm someone. Drousy driving is not only dangerous for the person driving but for others around them and the people in the car with you. This is more prevelent with teenagers because they wake up, go to school, go to work and/or Athletics Practice, finish homework , sleep, and wake up and do it all over again. On average teenagers get 4-6 hours of sleep when they actually should get 8 hours of sleep to be healthy. An inexperienced sleepy teenage driver is just a bad combination, that could be avoided by the driverless cars. We would not have to worry about people falling asleep at the wheel because the car would be driving itself and whether the driver was asleep of not would not matter.

In general, with driverless cars there would be less accidents relating to distracted driving because these cars are able to brake themself before hitting things and function all on their own with little to no aide of a human driver. And sometimes the aide of a distracted driver can be as good as none.

Lots of accidents could be prevented by driverless cars because HUmans are not always the most observant to aware people. These Driverless "Smart cars"

could drive themselves and be more aware of surroundings then a fatigued person driving,therefore preventing more accidents.      