Using a computer to identify human emotions sounds good and bad. It sounds like it can be good in a way like if a friend was having a bad day and we didn't know what was wrong with them, we could then use a computer to help us. It can also be bad because what if a person doesn't feel like talking about a certain subject, using a computer to detect that humans emotion is unfair to that person, invading their private thoughts.

Im gonna support my claim and say it is not a valuable use of technology in my opinion. The use of the Facial Action Coding System sounds like an invade on someones deep thoughts and ideas that the person might not want anyone else to know. In my eyes a person's personal thoughts are very, very private if they want them to be. If we feel a certain way and we dont want to say it, that system totally invades the privacy of others. Again, in my eyes that is not right.

An example from the excerpt was detecting if we can see if a human is faking a smile or not. I get it, it would be outstanding to read everyones emotions, but at the end of the day its about what that person that is feelng a certain way feels about expressiong their emotion or not. If a human were to force a fake laugh and a computer shown that that was indeed a fake laugh, it would make the person who thought they were really laughing feel stupid, or upset. I am not saying lying is good, but sometimes its best to fake a smile for a better outcome of any situation.

As humans, making others feel good, or be happy is something we all try to do for others at one point. If we allow the Facial Action Coding System to enable a computer to tell our true emotions we may not be able to make a person feel good or happy. Lying is bad yes, but when it comes to making a person feek good about their apperence it is good to make them feel better about themselves. Like i stated before, Lying isnt always a bad thing.

In conclusion, i do not support nor do i agree with the Facial Action Coding System for any use at all. In my eyes telling someone they are beautiful, even if you dont mean it can make that persons day so much better. At the end of the day that is all it is about, making someone happy. With this technology it would be invading all human principles and person space. If a person does not want to talk about a certain topic, that is perfectly okay, drop it. Using that software in our computers to decet how they are feeling in my eyes is totally not okay. With that i close out my statement with no, usuing this technology in a classroom is not valuable, at all.