Have you ever participated in a extracurricular activity at school, Did you enjoy it? In today's day and age there are tons of extracurricular activities and even maybe some you never heard about. Its always nice to give something a try even if you have never done it before. You could even join something that you have already done before and that your good at. For example, if you are good at basketball you could join the basketball club and have fun doing what you like. I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they can gain new experiences, it could help with their health, and they can make new friends.

My first reason that students should participate in extracurricular activities is that they gain new experiences. Its always nice to try something that you've never done before. For example, lets say you have no experience in cooking and theres a cooking club you can join. By joining that club you could learn about different foods and how to cook them. Those cooking skills that you learned could take you a long way or help you with something simple like cooking you or somebody else some food at home. Another example could be joining a club that has to do with the wild and things like nature. You could learn about things like how to make a fire or what plants are dangerous and which are not. There could even be some hands on experiences like fields trips to go camping or just explore the wilderness. These could help you if you ever wanted to go camping on your own later on in the future. These are just some of the things you would get to experience joining new clubs,there are so many more.

My second reason that students should join extracurricular activities is that it could help with their health. If students join a club they will be surrounded by other students and this will help them stay socially active. Instead of being at home in a dark room playing video game or on their phones, they could be talking other students and enjoying the activities in the club. Its always nice to have people surrounding so that way your not alone. Being alone could lead to things like depression or social anxiety and no student should have to go through any of those things. Another way it could help with their health is by joining a sports club. By joining any sports club students will be getting at least forty minutes to a hour of daily exercise. This exercise that the students are getting could help them with things like weight loss or just trying to stay in shape. Its always good to try and maintain good health and these are some great ways to do it.

My third and final reason that students should participate in extracurricular activities is that they can make new friends. By joining these extracurricular activities students may meet other students they have never seen before. This could be a opportunity for them to be able to make new friends. On top of that, they could most likely have the same interests as they chose the same club or activity. For example if they joined soccer they may have a interest in soccer and they could build off of that. Once they become friends they could do things like help each other in school or maybe even hang out. They could even introduce each other to other friends that they have. For example, One student could ask the friend he made in the Art club if he wanted to sit with him during lunch and now that the student has been introduced and they can all be friends now. Making friends is always a good and fun thing to do.

Overall, extracurricular activities are a good thing for students. Whether its if your making friends, helping out your health, or even learning new experiences. Extracurricular activites are a big help to students. They should be encouraged to join and try them. I agree that students must participate in at least one extracurricular activity because they gain new experiences, it could help with their health, and they can make new friends.