In the artical it give the example of smiling at a certain ad or frowning at another and the computer will no longer show you ads like that. I believe that the FACS software can be very useful in schools and other places. So here are some reasons that I believe that we should use this new software in our schools.

The new FACS software would be very useful in our schools because, like it states in the artical and by Dr. Huang, the computer could recognize when a child using the computer is starting to get bored. The computer could then change the way it is presenting that particular lesson to make it more interesting and enjoyable. This software could help bring up the overall grades by the student(s) because they now have an interest in learning the subject at hand.

In the artical it shows that this software could recognize the subtle emotions made by the Leonardo da Vinici's painting of Mona Lisa. FACS can recognize the facial expressions made by a child or teenager and recognize the six (happiness, surprise, anger, discust,fear and sadness) basic emotions, just like us people do in our everyday lives. The software can also recognize mixed emotions; FACS has found that the Mona Lisa is displaying 83 percent happiness, 9 percent discust, 6 percent fear, and 2 percent of anger.

Studies have found that when you are sad and fake a smile it can make you just a little bit happier. When moving your facial muscles it not only shows emotions, but also can produce them. When studying a lesson and a child is looking sad' the software could alter the lesson to, lets say, make the child laugh. Everyone knows that laughter is the best medicine. It may not make the child happy over all but it could brighten their day and make the lesson more appealing.

So, in conculsion I feel that the FACS software could be useful in schools and just about anywhere. There are so many things that this software could do to help in our everyday lives, from making lessons more enjoyable, to showing ads that you are interested in. FACS is just overall a good software to help computers figure out emotions and maybe brighten up the day. 