Dear Senator,

I feel that the electoral college should be be removed from the voting process and replaced by the popular vote. The vioce of the people is the most imprtant thingin ensuring the president elected is truly the people's president. The Electoral college is an unfair system for many voters and keeps our nation from being the demorcratic society it was meant to be. Even those who oopose this view agree that the Electoral college is a non-demorcratic system. Doesnb;t that seem like an issue considering this nation was founded on Demorcratic beliefs?

I understand that some feel it's ok if the the voting is left mainly to toss up states because they seem to be the the people who are more thoughtful about the lection. The only reason this is the case is because the canidates spend their whole time in the swing states and they completely alienate the other states. In fact, in 2000, seventeen states were completely skipped over by canidates. This causes people to feel discouraged from voting because they feel as if their votes are unimportant or that they don't know enough to cast an educated vote.

Also people like to argue that there is no problem with the electors because they can always be trusted. But this also is simply not the case. In 1960 the demorcratic electors were almost completely replaced by electors who would vote in oppostition of JFK. Sometimes electors flat out refuse to vote for the canidate they were elected to vote for. Cases like this completly undermine the very idea of the electoral college.

Then in the case of a tie in electoral votes the election is put in the hands of the House of represenatives. Each state is only given one vote, so a state with a single represenative vote, such as wyoming, would have the same amount of influence as a state with 55 represenatives such as California. Plus people don't always vote with their party when electing people for congress so how can they be sure that their best interests will be represented in the case of a tie. Some may say that a tie is rare and has no foundation in this argument, but they would be wrong. In 1968 the outcome was only 41,971 votes away from being a tie. In 1976 it was 5,559 away in ohio and 3,687 away in Hawaii. With the Electoral college in use, a few swing voters could throw the whole election.

So to summarize, the Electoral college is basically an outdated system that may have worked when the country first started, but doesn't really apply today. It's time to put the power of the election in the hands of voters directly and make the election a truly demorcratic system.    