Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I have heard about the new academic rule, requiring a B average to play a school sport. For many kids a B average is tough to come up with especially for those are involved in other activities outside of school. You must realize that we are kids and coming up with a B average with all the homework and tests and quizzes that our teachers give is are really hard to complete, along with other extra-curricular activities and other athletics we are associated with.

Being part of an athletic team means a lot to a kid like me. Being able to participate in our interests and the things we enjoy and love to do is just wonderful. If you are going to take that away from many kids, then a lot of kids may proceed to do even worse. That is definitely not what you want. I think that the C average was fine the way it was and is a good academic goal for some of us.

I think many other kids would be able to come up with a B average if you told your teachers to cut down on the homework and quizzes somewhat. Being part of other athletic team and social groups does not give me much time to do my homework. Kids should be able to experience the 'right kind of childhood' and with all this homework and tests, I am staying up until at least eleven o' clock every night trying to complete my homework or studying for a test. To me, eleven o'clock on a school night is way to late, which is leaving me tired every day and not being able to perform to my full potential.

You might say that school is more important than anything else and that if we do not have enough time to do our homework, that we should just quit, or stop attending those extra activities. Quitting those other activities would leave our middle school careers with nothing but homework and studying. Doing homework and studying all day long will bore your students and eventually most of us will stop completing our tasks assigned. As kids, free time is very valuable to us. Participating in other activities makes us well-rounded students and most importantly 'who we are'.

Lastly, I think this rule is a little to strict. I think this because not only are we assigned a great amount of work, some of us are learning harder criteria than others and that is definitely not fair. Overall, I believe what we are given is tough and a challenge to complete. Those are only a few reason why I believe you should re-think about that rule change. I hope you put great thought into even possibly changing this rule back to the way it was and in my mind should be. Thank you.

Sincerely,

STUDENT_NAME