Online teaching has a been a staple for an advancement,not only for technology but education. Progression has been pushed further through the recognition of technology and it's impact on everyday life. Due to the increase in usefulness of phones and laptops education has been reforming itself to adjust to said changes by implementing itself in technologies wide range. I agree with the idea of online courses and video conferences would benefit students. Change is required to excel in all things including education and its usefulness such as manageability,efficiency,and one on one teaching.

An online course isn't restricted to a daily schedule and due to that you can schedule classes that work with your availability or when your less busy. Some people are restricted by travel for education which could either be it's costly or the schools locally aren't very good for them while online schooling has no need for travel. So if someone wants to do a specific job that isn't taught in their area they can take online courses. The availability of online courses is one of it's most praised features thanks to it being able to be done anywhere such as:Cafes,on the road,hotels for if your on vacation,etc. An online course would be a benefit for someone who has large priorities like the military or an athlete due to them having to move a lot.

Online courses are productive for work being done;due to online course allowing work to be done anywhere,anytime. While doing school at a public facility is filled with mistakes such as teachers misplacing work or procrastinating to deal with grades. An online course can hold onto your grades so you or your teacher never misplace them. Classes are far easier to take online as well because, your able to take a multitude of classes that may not be focused on locally. While taking online courses you have the ability to focus on other things as well without the foreshadowing of work that needs to be done,as stated with athletes they can worry about practice and training without worrying for having to get ready for classes and running back and forth.

Video calls have been an extraordinary leap in technology while also influencing education. Video conferences are the best opportunity for one on one teaching and it's ability of privacy. You can be able to have your teacher show you the way to execute problems and solve them while being able to answer your questions you may have. Being taught by someone is experience needed for growth and its exceptionally helpful for comprehending a subject you may struggle with. The privacy and seclusion of online courses is beneficial for a less embarrassing experience if you struggle with a question which can boost confidence in the long run.

An Online course is a thing students should take advantage of when given the chance due to its usefulness. Technology and education are moving forward,creating more ways for a student to learn and comprehend their interests. Time and willingness to learn are the things needed for education and the ability to excel in it. Video conferences are the best way to have a subject unfold before you and to understand it properly while having the ability to have your teacher there for you. Online courses will always be needed for someone is excessively busy or unable to travel as much,so they will always be need.