A lot of schools give summer projects to their students to continue the learning process. These projects helps students stay focused on school work, while they are also having fun. The summer projects should be seen as the perfect opportunity to educate the students in a stress free environment and should be seriously taken because students have a lot if time in their hand and can be very productive. To insure further success the teachers, who have better understanding of the topics the projects are on, who are more responsible and mature and who can customize the projects based on the strength and weakness of their students, should be the ones who design the summer projects.

Some people do not necessarily agree with this position. They argue saying, " Students should design the summer project, so they can easily fit the projects into their schedules". Their point is understandable, but most students want to enjoy their summer break not work on projects; they will try to reduce the amount of work that needs to be done , therefore not cover all the materials that could have been covered. This is a very costly decision, because the students might end up with a lot of work to do when they get back to class and result in a wastage of valuable time they could have used learning new lessons. therefore leaving the project designing to the teacher is the more sensible decision.

To begin with, teachers should design the summer projects, because they know the topics that will be benefit the students, if they did a project on. For example, if a teacher is planning on teaching about exotic birds, he knows which birds will be easier and fun to work on and which birds will be tedious and boring for his students. It needs a specific knowledge to choose the details of a projects, which is a skill most teachers have. Furthermore, if the teacher is going to teach his students about US history, he could create projects that includes visiting historic sites that the students are going to learn about and read books written about those historic incidents. These type of projects will make class more interesting. Teachers can therefore make better decisions using their background knowledge and choose the most interesting and valuable summer projects.

In addition, teachers should design the projects because they are trained and experienced. For example, if students were given a chance to design their school work they will ruin it because they have no knowledge and experience, but since teachers know what kind of projects to give and good experience in what students can handle they will give a reasonable amount of work. Teachers are taught how to give students a solid outline and base on the project without helping them and taking it to far or just leaving them in the dark. For instance, last summer i was given a project to make a poster that explains the life cycle of turtles. The teacher provided me with sites i can get information on, where i can find the poster paper and materials i would need for the project. That greatly helped me in doing the project. Teachers are professionals who knows how to give projects.

Finally, teachers should design summer projects because they can customize the projects based on the strength and weakness of their students. They are familiar with their students and know the areas that need more work on. It is obvious students have different strengths and weaknesses. For example, one student might be getting a failing grade on one topic; the teacher can specifically create a project on that topic. That will help the student gain a deeper understanding on the area. In the contrary, if a students is doing good on a specific topic the teacher could give them a project related to the topic to excel in that area. When students do a project on a topic they are already good at, it is going to be an easy A for them. it will also help them boost their GPA. Teachers can give students a chance to play to their strength or work on their weakness.

In conclusion, teachers should be the ones who design summer projects because they generally have a better knowledge on the area they want the students to work on , they are well trained on how to give reasonable projects and they are familiar with their students giving them the chance to give out customized projects. These summer projects are ideal ways to ensure a better flow of learning in the upcoming school year. Designing the of projects should be done over the summer is a serious matter and should be done by the teachers.  