We should always ask for different peoples opinion on somethings so we all will have more than just one option. I know for me it is always easier to ask different people so I know what they think. This one time I had to make a big choice and I had no clue what to do. So I asked friends and they came up with great things that I had to think about. I chose one thing they said and it turned out great in the end. Asking different people for their opinion is good because I can see all of my options, so I can see witch one is a better option, and so I can see witch one is smarter.

First of all, I want to have different peoples opinions so I can see all of my options. It is good to have options so that we can choose the one we like the best. It is also good to have options so I have a chance to comprehend all of my options before making the final choice. The reason I need to know all of my option is so I do not have regrets. We should also always have the ability to make our own choice if we do not like the options that our friend gave us or if we feel like the options are not as good as our own.

Second of all, we should want different opinions so we can make the better choice. A reason for that is so I can see witch option seems nicer. I should always have options so I know exactly what I should do. I should always make the better choice so I do not live in regret. The reason we should not live in regret is because it is not a healthy thing to do and I would always be thinking about the "what if" and it is not worth it.

Third of all, I always want to make the smart choice. I always want to get all the best options so I can be smart and pick the smart choice. I always need to know the right choice from the wrong choice. I order to do that is I need to make a list of all the options and make out the wrong options so I can choose the right choice. To make the smart choice I need to stay positive threw out the whole thing. A reason for that is because if we are being positive then things will work out better but if we have negative thoughts then it might not work out as we thought.

In conclusion, asking different people for their opinion is good because I can see all of my options, so I can see witch one is a better option,

and so I can see witch one is the smarter choice. I believe making the best choice is good because no one wants to live in regret because that would be very depressing. 