The use of this technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable. Yeah, it might be cool to see how one of your friends if feeling, but at the end of the day, that's their problem. This app could be useful in some way but would you really want to calculate someones emotions? There are three ways that this app is not useful including that the app could not be accurate, it could end up making you lose friends, and how it's none of yout business on how anyone feels.

One way the use of this technology is not valuable, is that this app could be a total joke. There is a posibility that this app could be accurate, like in paragraph 3, it says, "Dr. Huang relies on the work of phychologists, such as Dr. Paul Eckman, creator of FACS (Facial Action Coding System)", but in reality, we really can't know. Let's say you download the app and use it on a friend to see how they're feeling. They put on the brightest smile you've ever seen, and the app tells you that the person is happy. In reality, they're the most miserbale people you've ever met. This app may work, but at the end of the say, no one knows what anyone is going through and this app isn't going to change it.

Another way that this technology ins't valuable, is how it can somehow make you lose friends. In paragraph 3, it reads, "Eckman has classified six basic emotions- happiness, surprice, amger, disgust, fear, sadness- and then associated each with characteristic movements of the facial muscles." What if you use the app on someone who you tought was your friend and you found out how they really feel about you. You're going to feel so sad and disappointed in that person that you're going to be mad that you used that app in the first place. Or maybe you make a gift for your boyfriend or girlfriend and you used the app to see how they realy felt about the gift only to find out that they hated it. You would feel upset and possibly get your heart broken even more when they break up with you for giving them that terrible gift. This app really isn't a good idea.

The last way that this technology has no value, is that the way on how others feel, is none of your business. In paragrpah 5, is states, "For instance, you can probably tell how a friend is feeling simply by the look on her face." That statement is accurate, but no one really knows how anyone feels. Picture this, you have a best friend who you think is the most happiest person in the world, never in a million years would you think they're depressed. You download the app just for fun and use it on your friend to see how they really are feeling, you find out that the're really sad. You try to talk to them, but they get mad at you for being in their business and you come to the conclusion that you did do something wrong, because it was none of your business in the first place. How someone is feeling, is none of anyones concern and this app in an invasion of privacy.

In conclusion, the use of technology to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom is not valuable. This app can ruin your relationships and there's a possibility that it isn't even accurate. 