Phones & Driving

I say we should not be allowed to use cell-phones in any capacity while operating a vehicle. Because according to today's research most accidents are caused by the use of cell-phones while driving. I honestly believe if more people stop using cell-phones while driving, it wouldn't be as many accidents as there is in today's society. After doing research it says " drivers are at a four times greater risk of a crash" and that is because of cell-phones. Also, when you are driving and using your phone it distracts from what's going on around you.

In the United States they have a law that if you are on your phone while driving you can get a ticket or furthermore get arrested.

Now that they have passed that law i rarely see people use their phones while driving. Over the past couple of decades the use of phones while driving was the main cause of accidents. "Driver distraction, a sub-category of inattention, has been estimated to be a contributing factor in 8% to 13% of all crashes". When people get into accidents its alot that can happen like injuries, the insurance companies, and other people may be in the car with them. Before we try to stop letting people use their phones while driving they say it's a lot of other things that distract drivers as well like eating, arguing, listening to music, and yelling at other drivers.

However, i believe most drivers use cell-phones may be having important calls from family, or co-workers saying they need you to fill in for them. I can personally say i've had personal experiences with someone using a cell-phone with me in the car. My grandma she was pulling in to my uncle's church and she was trying to call someone and she hit a block that was holding a stop sign and it messed up the front of her car. Another one is my mom she was driving and she was swerving in and out of lanes and she almost ran into a pickup truck. I have many more but im just praying that everyone leaves driving with phones in 2018 because i don't want any harm coming to me or anybody else i know.

In conclusion, we all as a community and globally we should restrict from using cell-phones while operating a vehicle. This year i don't plan on experiencing any vehicle accidents because of someone on their phone while driving. So i iree' miller say NO to phones while driving.          