I think you should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program because it will feel great to help animals in need. From my experience of being a Seagoing Cowboys felt amazing because I was able to go to Greece and had a cargo filled with 335 horses plus hay and oats to feed them. I had to feed and water them three times a day. Even though it takes a long time to get from place to place, keeping the animals healthy made me feel happy for me and everbody who participated. That's why I think you should participate in this program.

First, If you become a Seagoing Cowboy it could be fun from time to time. When we were still on a cattle-boat trip, I was able to see Europe and China on the way. Another thing that was fun was that one time me and the crew played volleyball and baseball games where the animals had been housed. Other times we would have table-tennis, fecing, and boxing tournaments to help pass the time. So that may be a thing to enjoy while you are a Seagoing Cowboy.

Next, When you are a Seagoing Cowboy it may open up the world to you like it did to me. From my experience, it made me more aware of people and their needs. So after the long adventure, I had lead my family to host a number of international students and echange visitors for many years. This program had mad me become a better person so, I can help people and their needs. I hope you will do the same too.

Then, when you are a Seagoing Cowboy sometimes it can be intersting but, other times it can be painful. One time when I was being a watchman, I had to watch the animals every hour to make sure they didn't wake up. When I went to make my hourly report to the captain, I had slipped on my backside when I went down a slippery ladder. That day I was lucky to be alive because a small strip of metal stopped me from going into the dark Altantic but I couldn't work due to my cracked ribs. I hope when you become a Seagoing Cowboy, you would not make the same mistake that I did.

Finally, from this huge experience of my life, I had enjoyed it for the most part. From the beginning, I started out as a a simple man then become a Seagoing Cowboy. This is why I highly encouraged you to become a Seaboy Cowboy becuase of all the experiences and fun you can have if you join. Sometimes you can have good times and sometimes you can have bad times, but the impotant part is that you are helping out every country in need. Also you are making a difference in the world and in your personality.    