Some schools require students to complete summer projects to assure they continue learning during their break.

In other words, students are required to complete tasks over the summer to keep learning additional information on a specific subject.

These summer project can be designed by teachers to ensure that the students learn something over the break.

They can also be designed by students to have them enjoy summer break while learning something new.

The summer projects should be student-designed because it allows students to choose a topic they are interested in,allow them to enjoy doing the project, and allow them be stress free.

There are many reasons why students should choose a topic they are interested in.

Specifically, it allows students to research topics they are into which can help find their future career.

The task students assigned to themselves can help construct ideas to eventually finding their career.

This can help many high school students who struggle with finding a career at the end of their high school years.

Another reason is, if a student is into a specific subject, then he wouldn't want to be assigned to a topic irrelevant to the subject he is into.

If the student was assigned a subject he was uninterested in then it would be likely that the student won't do the project.

Therefore, if a student is designing his own project then he wouldn't need to worry about getting a topic they aren't interested in.

Summer projects should be student-designed because it allows students to enjoy doing the project.

For example, students can lack motivation in doing a project that they don't enjoy.

Consequently, this can affect a students grade depending on how much the summer assignment is worth in the gradebook.

It will also make the summer unenjoyable for students because they are going to have to do work they aren't into.

Another example is, students can put more work effort in something they enjoy rather than something that is boring for them.

This can get them a decent grade on their assignment and allow them to enjoy the project.

In conclusion, summer tasks should be designed by students to allow them to have the most enjoyable experience in the summer.

Assignments given over the summer should be student-designed because students should be less stressed over the summer.

One way is, students should be stress free from school on breaks because it allows them to truely enjoy their summer.

Breaks are meant for students to calm their minds from school and not having to be stressed of school all year long.

This also refers to the previous example stating that it will make summer unenjoyable and prevent students from calming their minds from school.

Another way is, the less work needed to be done on the project can help keep a student from stressing out.

This can make the student take less time doing work and can enjoy doing other activities over the summer.

Consequently,

student-designed projects can have less work letting the student be free of stress.

Projects should be student-designed because students are allowed to choose subjects they are intrigued by and research them.

They can also have fun while completing the project without lacking motivation.

Finally, having a student-designed project can help keep students calm because they know what they are doing.

Therefore, summer projects should be designed by students.