Options and choices are one of the most important parts of school. Whether it be what classes to take or what school to attend, it is up to the student to decide what is best for them. Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Being able to attend classes from home would be very beneficial to students in many ways, like allowing them to relax in the comfort of their homes or worry less about issues that may arise in a school setting. This could help students stay focused and invested in what is important to them and their future.

Schools start early in the morning. This requires students to wake up early in order to make it to school on time. This could end up being problematic for the students. Many students may have to stay up late the night before to finish homework. Others may not have enough time in the morning to eat breakfast. These issues can affect the student's performance at school. However, attending classes from home could resolve issues like these. By taking classes online, students would not have to worry about leaving the house. This would allow them time to get any food they might need before class or complete tasks ahead of time. This kind of time management is important for the health of the students.

Being around other students plays a big role in the everyday life of a public school student. Students see other students similar to them and different than them each day they are at school. There are nice students, however there are also students who discriminate towards others. There can be students who bully or make fun of others. This can be overwhelming for people, as they may struggle to fit in. For students like these, taking classes from home would be a perfect option. This would allow them to be safe at home without having to stress about what others may think about them or what they are wearing.

With that being said, there are some people who would disagree. Some may say this option can restrict interactions with other students, which could negatively impact a student's social life. While this statement does have some truth, it is not the whole story. Going to school online does mean that students will not be physically interacting with each other. However, the at home classes are supposed to give students the school experience, just from the comfort and safety of their home. Other students will have multiple ways of interacting with each other, like through online assignments. School is not the only place for students of the same age to get together and socialize. There are many opportunities just outside someone's door.

To close, the option to attend classes from home could be something great for students. It can provide a safe environment, as well as give them the time and space they may need to get things done. In a time where many things are done on the internet or online, there would be no better time to get invested in this new way of learning. The choice to take online classes could be a very beneficial experience for students that could change their future for the better.