Imagine the world in the future, completely full and covered with cars. Roads are going to start taking up every area of Earth, if people continue driving everywhere and buying cars. I think people should limit car usage because it's environmental friendly, they'll get more exercise, and people will be happier. Cars can be handy from time to time, but i think they should only be used occasionally. Imagine if there was a car for everyone on the planet. Car usage should decrease.

First of all, the Earth is beautiful and the people on it need to take better care of it. For example, just one day without the use of cars in a city, allowed them to construct bike paths, new sidewalks, and reduced traffic jams. Fuel from cars will polute the air and cause smog. If everyone continues to use cars as much as they do or more, there will be no way to clean all the air. When Paris banned cars for a while, smog was cleared and reduced by a lot. Limiting car use will not save the Earth completely, but it will help very much.

Secondly, if people started using cars less, they could get outside more and get more exercise. Biking will help people get fresh air and decrease pollution because cars won't be used as much. People should start finding jobs or doing activties that are close enough to walk or bike to. Cars are for situations in which you really have no other way there or long distances. That's all I think they should be used for. Everyone would be much more fit and healthy if it weren't for being lazy and having to take a car there.

Lastly, not using cars could increase people's happiness. Some people suggest that having a car makes them tense. Everyone would become much closer together and explore more of the world without cars. We could all be outdoors or around each other more. For example, you could take the bus to work instead of your car and meet a new friend. You never know what could happen when you try something new. It's good to change things up once in a while, like not taking your car every now and then and finding another way there.

In conclusion, the positives definetely outnumber the negatives of limiting car use. The main three reasons in my opinion is that it's environmental friendly, you'll get more exercise, and you'll most likely be much happier. Think about all the good outcomes that could come out of not driving your car and try it sometime.    