Phones and Driving

Many people text while driving or call while driving. Snap chat is the most used app by teens while driving, mainly to show off that they are in their new car, or to show that they are out somewhere. Some talk while driving holding the phone up to their ear driving with one hand on the phone and one on the wheel. Others face time still driving with one hand holding the phone to their face and the other one the wheel. Some text while driving with one hand on the phone and the other on the wheel. Others use the hands free were people can just talk into the phone, and tell the phone what to send in text. Drivers should not be able to use cell phones while driving.

One reason why people should not use cell phones while driving is they could get in a car crash. "The national safety council reported that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year," (Edgar Snyder & Associates). People using their cell phones while driving have one hand on the wheel, and one on the phone causing less control of the wheel. Also some people crash their car due to looking at their phone trying to text, call, or take a picture or video of themselves. Driving and using a cell phone could be dangerous and can lead someone into a car crash.

Another reason why people should not use cell phones while driving is they could get pulled over by the police for the use of texting driving. This will cause the driver to get their license suspended, or lose it. "Nearly 390,000injuries occur each year from accidents caused by texting while driving," (Edgar Snyder & Associates). Police try to pull people over before there can be a possibility of an accident happening. People think that police are being too strict when they pull people over for texting and driving, but they just want to help people out before it is no other person in the world to save.

On the other hand, others may go against, and say that Drivers should be able to text and drive. For example if people learn how to text and drive there will be less accidents. In that learning process people can crash the car from being too cautious do to slamming on the breaks trying to stop. Learning how to text and drive is more dangerous than getting stuck at the top of a rollercoaster. Therefore, people should not text a drive ever.

Cell phones should not be at use while driving ever. More people are being killed by it, and others are losing their licenses from it. Texting and driving is not worth losing someone's life, or worth going to jail over. Texting and driving is a big danger and can lead to many bad out comes at the end.          