Dear state senator,

I strongly believe that we should get rid of the Electoral College, not only is it unfair to voters, but it lacks democratic pedigree.

Firstly, my honest opinion is that I stongly believe that we should get rid of the Electoral Colledge. It's very unfair to voters, and most of the time their votes hardly count. When voters vote, they don't really vote for the president, but for a slate of electors who elect the president. Awhile back in 1960, states sent two slates of electors to Congress, instead of one. Now is that really fair? Maybe it was a mistake, but I hardly doubt it. What if it happens again, it's very hard to trust these people. The electoral college is unfair to voters also because of the "winner-take-all" system in each state. What's wrong with this you may ask, well see candidates are very smart, and know what they are doing. They don't spend time in states they know have no chance at winning. 2000 was the worst, during the campaign, seventeen states didn't even see the candidates at all. Rhode Island, South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't see a single campaign ad.

Secondly, the Electoral Colledge lacks democratic pedigree. Democrats in Texas, or Republicans in California, really don't pay attention to the campaign because they know their vote will have no effect. If the president were picked by popular vote, not only would it be more fair and official, but people would take more intrest in voting. But, no voter's vote swings a national election. In 2012 about one-half of the American population did vote, but the difference is, is that they want to express a political preference, rather than others who think that a single vote may decide an election. In 2000, there was a dispute over the outcome of an Electorical College, it could happen again. The Electoral College method is not at all democratic in a modern sense. When you vote for a presidential candidate, you're actually voting for a slate of electors. See, it's not the people who elect the president, it's the electors who do. So how is that fair, basically your votes don't count toward anything and you're waisitng your time. Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Bob Dole, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the AFL-CIO all agreed on abolishing the electoral college, so why hasn't it happened yet?

I stongly believe that that the electoral college is unfair, outdated, and irrational. It's very unfair to the voters, and it lacks democratic pedigree. The electoral college can cause many disputes, and arguments. Why not just get rid of them? I hope you read this, and understand where I'm coming from.             