The concept of a driverless car seems very interesting and even mind-blowing. There could be many ways that the world could benefit from the development of these cars, but thinking deeper into it, these cars could also be quite a problem. Technology is not always the most reliable source. Having a self-driving car based on technology will not always be reliable either. Sometimes, things malfunction, and if these cars are self-driving becasue of technology, these cars will most likely malfunction as well. Therefore, I do not support the manufacturing of driverless cars.

Regardless of still being able to take control of the car, drivers may still find it hazzardly to be sitting in a piece of metal and technology and just rely on that to get them where they want to be. If the car malfunctions, and the person inside the car gets injured, it would not be their fault, nor the other people driving on the road with them. Most likely, it would the be the manufacturer's fault because of faulty design or poor assembly. Example of a malfuntion of these cars could include simply losing its directions. Sitting in a car that has no idea where it is going could be scary. Though the driver could take control if need be, this would still be concering if the driver was not paying attention, and therefore arriving at a place they did not want to visit. Even if the car could be perfected, there is always the thought of bad weather and icy roads, or roadblocks and accidents. Again, taking control could be an easy solution, though one not might have the time to do so.

Driverless cars still would need a lot of work. They would need to be tested over and over again, even if nothing is wrong with the car to enusre safety. It would have to be tested in different weather conditions and different roads with accidents and roadblocks on them to test the feature of letting the driver take back control of the car. There very well could be fewer accidents with these cars, but problems can come with solutions. While self-driving cars is a wonderous idea, I believe there are still too many risks. Today's technology is getting to the point where it is very possible, but technology will always be technology; there will always be some kinks that need to be fixed.