Even in classroom everything catch student's attention!

Do you think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home?

I strongly believe that there is no benefits from attending to classes from home. Next I am going to illustrate three reasons for saying that. First, by taking online classes at the end of the semester students do not learn anything. Second, students most of the time get distract very easily, they don't focus on what they are suppose to be focusing on. Last , is more convenient when someone is teaching you literally face to face.

To begin with, sometimes students don't learn anything in classroom imagine in front of a computer.

In other words, being at home students will do everything in a rush just to finish it quickly and go do something else. Another consequence is that they will not put any interest in the classes and later, when the time to show your knowledge comes, they will not know what to do.

For Example, in my case when I am learning something something in the computer I feel like the light of the computer blocks my mind.

To continue,

is very easily for students to get distracted by something. Taking online classes at home means having access to any electronic device to distract them like, cell phones, same computer that you are using, TV, etc. For example, sometimes when your family sees you at home they will tell you to take care of your siblings; the student will have to be supervising the kids and not focusing enough in the classes. imagine that in the classroom friends distract students at home that will be more terrible because young students always have friends playing video games at their home.

At last,

is more convenient to be learning in a classroom where you can see the teacher. For example, In my case I like to interact with the teacher and my classmate about the topic that we are learning, to get better understanding and sometimes to get other viewpoints. Therefore, is more efficiently to be seeing the teacher literally teaching you to get all the knowledge needed to pass the classes. Most of the time that students are learning somethings in the computer they tend to forget it right away.

In conclusion, being in a classroom and interacting with the teacher and classmate is the best way of learning, getting all the information needed to pass the classes. By taking online classes at home the only thing that is going to happen is losing the semester by not being able to score what is needed to pass.

Electronic distraction is more available at home and get students attention very easily.

Attending to a classroom is more convenient and better way of learning and get educated the way it should be. It is not just about classes but also how to interact with people and and everything that is needed outside in the world to be educated and successful in life.  