" Can you imagine a time in te future when no one buys cars because no one needs them anymore?" From the passage that i've read they've predicted that driverless cars will first be issued around 2020 thats just 4 years away! I believe driverless cars could severely lower the percentage of an accident happening. The odds of a teenager crashing with driverless cars could go down nearly an astonishing 68%. The police force would have to watch out for distracted drivers that are on there cellular devices or even doing there make-up in the car. Would you like to see driverless cars in the future.

There are a handful of companies developing prototypes and concept cars, such as Toyota, BMW, Google, GM, Tesla and even apple has attempted at it before, but havent had as much success compared to the brands listed before apple. GM has had Computer driven cars since the 1950's. In 1950 GM created a concept car that could run on a special test track. Of course that didnt suceed due to the expenses the government would have to pay for new roads with sensors and electrical cables which was way too expensive to be practical.

In 2013, BMW created a development called "traffic Jam Assistant." The car could handle driving functions of speeds up to 25 MPH. I would love to drive everyday, but i do understand when parents say it's boring after so many years you just have to change up stuff such as a new car. Why would anyone want a driverless car? It would be interesting to show off your driverless new car, but in the end everyone would get bored just sitting in the drivers seat while the car takes you wherever you want to go. Even if a driverless car was created certain states wouldn't let you drive it on their roads. In states such as California, Nevada, and even Florida doesnt allow people to test a computer driven car without a human driver at the wheel. Would you want a driverless car to take you everywhere?

Tesla has projected a 2016 release for a car capable of driving on autopilot 90 percent of the time. Back in the 1950's none of this was possible without costing millions of dollars just for a simple car now that we have all the sensors the prices of that manufacturing rates will go down if we ever continue are dream of creating a driverless car. in the 1980's, automakers used speed sensors at the wheels in the creation of the antilock brakes. Antilock brakes have helped prevent millions of accidents in our world today that could have led to thousands of deaths. So do you believe we should keep on striving for driverless cars.                         