Dear TEACHER_NAME,

I know you have been thinking about changing the phone policy here at LMS and it may seem like a tuff decision, but i have a solution for you. In my opinion I think the first policy is the best choice. I just think we need to change some of it to fit what the students want better. I have several reasons why it would be good to have the first policy instead of the second one. So, please listen to what I have to say and hopefully we will be able to see eye to eye on this subject.

You know how it is when kids are told to do something they usually want to do the opposite of what you say. That is why there are several of kids that text in class, they like to obey their own rules and have nobody else make rules for them. Hence bringing in the new policy of allowing students to bring and use their cell phones during free time. This lets them know that you can trust them to use it during the time they can because students like knowing they can be trusted by an adult.

What I suggest that you could change with this policy is instead of having to make them turn their phones of in class allow them to keep it on and don't force the subject of no texting in class because that's what students like to hear. Switch from being forceful and mean to gentle and kind. Let them know that they can have their cell phones on during class and that you just want them to make the right decision to not text in class. Now I know not everyone will go cold turkey and not text in class, but the majority of the students will. What will go through there minds is the fact that you have trusted them enough to allow them to use their phones during free time and they will appreciate you for that.

So, now that you know what we think about rules and being able to use our phones I think that you can understand that students really want to have the right to using phones. You have read my reasonings to all of this and should hopefully know more about kids if you have forgotten what teenagers think and act like. I will leave it up to you to make the right decision and as i said before i really hope we can see eye to eye on this. Please don't hesitate to make your decision just know that if the second policy is decided on kids will continue to disobey the schools rules.            