"Hey Generic_Name! Do you want to join the Dance team?" Said Generic_Name. "Oh I'm planning not joining anything." replied Generic_Name. "But the principal said all students must join a activity! If you don't join any of the activities than your most likely going to get in trouble." said Generic_Name. "Oh, I didn't know that! But that is not a good idea because what if no one don't wanna join any of the activities?" replied Generic_Name. "Maybe your right, I kind of don't wanna join any of those activities. Maybe we can tell the principal!" said Generic_Name. "Yeah! We can convince him that not every student should join a activity." replied Generic_Name. So Generic_Name and Generic_Name went to the principal's office to convince him that not everyone should join a activity.

I disagree that all students participate of joining a activity because maybe no one is interesting of any of those activities, maybe its too much to do at school, and s ome students maybe don't like any of those activities

.

Maybe no one is interesting of any of those activities.

First, I think probably no one is interesting in any of those activities cause what if some students don't like sports or stuff at school. For example, my sister don't wanna be any of those activities because she says its boring. Also, some students can't do any of those activities cause maybe they have disabilities or they just don't like it. For example, my best friend can't walk because she broken her legs a lot from doing a sport and she doesn't want to do anything activities. Next, there are some kids at school who are too lazy to do anything but they can join anything else but sports. For example, my dad wants me to play football but I want to do something else. In conclusion, you don't have to any of these activities because maybe its not the best for you.

Probably too much for some students.

First, some students maybe have some important things at home with his or her's parents. For example, some students can have choirs to do at home or babysit his or her's siblings. Also, they could be very tired if they have a long test or didn't have enough sleep to do sports or any activity. For example, I always get tests almost everyday cause my teacher loves giving us quizzes and sometimes I don't go after school activities. Next, some activities can put too much pressure on a student because maybe he or she can't play that good. For example, students can't do everything in life good but they don't have time to do these sports or another stuff. In conclusion, students don't have to do these things cause maybe they have to do something else that is important to his or her's activities.

Some students maybe don't like any of those activities.

First, some students don't even like sports or any school doings because its probably boring or scared getting hurt or get in trouble. For example, my friends don't like school and they don't wanna to any clubs, sports, or even play outside. Also, some students can be really scared of trying something new at school. For example, I don't wanna be in Book club but maybe it can be fun and try to improve reading! Next, students can be forced by joining a activity by his or her's parents. For example, my mom wanted me to be on the Track team because she says I'm good at it. In conclusion, students don't have to this because they probably don't like it.

" Oh my gosh! I can't believe the principal change his mind about joining a extracurricular activities!" said Generic_Name. "Yeah! So that means you don't have to join anything." replied Generic_Name. "Yeah, Im so happy too! But I'll join the Dance team with you if you like." replied Generic_Name. "Awww thanks bestie! Now lets go to lunch, Im so hungry." said Generic_Name. "Okay lets go!" replied Generic_Name. In conclusion, students shouldn't be force to join extracurricular activities because its too much for some students. 