Every summer, many students are sent home with work to to over their summer break. Not only are these projects often very labor intensive, but they are also put together by teachers, The students don't have a say in the formation of the projects. These summer projects should be designed by the students themselves because they know their brains better that anybody else, they will be more likely to complete something that they put together, and summer is supposed to be a relaxing time, so easygoing projects that are student-made could help keep students away from stress in the summer.

Every student learns differently, so designing a project to fit their needs and their learning style would not only help them complete the project, but it would also help students learn more. For example, if one student in a class is a visual learner, and the other is an auditory learner, the visual learner will have an advantage on a project that is assigned ever summer and made out of poster board and pictures. This will also cause the visual learner to obtain information on the project more easily, while the auditory learner could gradually fall behind in school every summer. Even if a teacher took a poll to see what kind of learner each student thought themselves to be, there would not be one learning type that would be unanimous throughout a classroom or a school. This is a major obstacle that comes with distributing the same teacher-designed project to every student as a summer assignment.

There are very few students around the globe who enjoy doing homework given to them by their teachers, but what if the students were the architects behind the masterpieces of homework and projects? Students, knowing that they put the powerpoint, poster, or worksheet together, might be more than motivated to complete the assignment. People may argue that a student being able to design their own assignment might not work out beautifully because they may know things that are usually not given to them on a normal worksheet. However, students will quickly realize that what is easiest for them is not enough, and they will need to challenge themselves throughout these assignments to make sure that they are ready for the school year that is to come. Also, students would not be given free reign to do anything that they please, teachers would provide guidelines and rubrics to make sure that students are incorporating the correct information and at the right difficulty.

Every student looks forward to summer as a time to take a break from school, have fun with their family and other companions, and to simply relax. Assigning rugged and stressful projects for students to complete over their few months of relaxation could result in building stress and anxiety, which can lead to depression and things much worse. If students were to design their own projects and know exactly what they need to do and when they need to do it, they may not need to stress a great deal about the amount of time they have and about how much it will take away from their summer. This will ensure that high school students are still being high schoolers and having fun with friends and family. Some teachers could argue that they will stress about any project that they are assinged, but they have to understand that students know what they enjoy doing, and what they do not enjoy doing. Therefore, students could tailor their projects to be fun and stress free.

Students should be allowed to be the lead architect on the glorious building that is their summer assignment in order to make sure that they are completing work that keeps them away from stress and learning in the way that their brain knows how to learn. If students were able to design their own summer projects, a mass change in the way scholars learn could be coming, and it would be for the better.