What comes to mind when you hear the phrase, driveless cars? Does this phrase bring fear and discomfort or confidence and curiousity to mind? There is a phrase that goes as follows, curiousity killed the cat, and I believe that our curiousity will provide fatal outcomes in the future with so called, driveless cars. The author of the article "Driveless Cars Are Coming." provides some key points on why driveless cars may never be completly driveless and some problems they might provide as well, for example the author states about how in some situations human skill may be required, as well as how the law doesn't fully approve of so called driveless cars and even if it did many laws would have to be placed just in case there may be some faults in the technology and etc.

One problem with the so called driveless cars is the fact that human skill may be required in certain situations. For example, the author talks about how in certain situations such as traffic jams, work sites, and around accidents human skill may be required. If human skill may be needed then the purpose of driveless cars is defeated. What would be the point of having a driveless car if you just had to sit there and wait for your turn to drive the car out of a challenging situation. That doesn't sound very driveless to me.

Another problem driveless cars impose invlolves the law. For example the article states that most driving laws focus on keeping everyone safe, and they all agree the best way to do that is to have alert drivers at the wheel. Many laws would have to be put into place to even allow the full use of so called, driveless cars. How would a driveless car react to a regular automobile passing them on a highway? Even if driveless cars did become legal and functional not everyone would be running to buy them. As well, whose fault would it be if the technology some how fails? Technology doesn't always work, and with lives being at immediate risk of a technological fail and more, the chances of the law allowing it seems very low.

To conclude, driveless cars would not be safe and or even driveless. The need for an active and alert driver in a driveless car would defeat the purpose. As well, the law and it's laws would have to change a lot to provide the safest way of travel using the so called, driveless cars. Sure it sounds like a good idea on paper, but in reality I believe that it just wouldn't work or even be driveless at all.