Do you like waking up early everyday to go to school? Do you like the school environment? Do you sometimes wish that you could learn at home instead of at school? Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would have less distractions and less stress on them.

To begin with, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because they would have less distractions. The environment of school is usually distracting because the students usually distract each other. They start drama with each other. If students come to school to give their attention to drama instead of actively learning in a classroom, there is no point in going to school. Also, all the rules and limitations that schools have tend to be a distraction as well. Students are focused on things like what they should wear that won't get them dress coded or how they aren't allowed to use the restroom at certain times. If students are focused on things like this, they won't focus on learning.

Secondly, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it could minimize stress. One stress that students have is waking up early everyday. Most students don't get enough sleep and it isn't even their fault. Some have extracurricular activities and get home late. Then, they have homework to do so they end up going to sleep late. To add on, home is a more comfortable environment. There is always so much going on in school that stresses students. When you are at home, most of the stresses go away. Also, it is a safe place. For example, most bullying happens in school. Bullying is one of the worst stress causes and people are always trying to find a solution for it or to minimize it. If we can attend classes at home, many students wouldn't have to suffer from it and that would be one less stress.

People with the opposite opinion may say that at home students will be easily distracted and will have so much more freedom that they won't get any learning or work done. Although that could be a possibility, studies show that when you give someone many limitations and rules, they tend to break the rules more than the usual. On the other hand, people with more freedom tend to break the rules less. They also might say that at home classes could affect their social skills, but school isn't the only place or way to develop social skills. Students could go out into the real world and talk to older people with different mentalities or get a job and start getting experience with finances.

In conclusion, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home because it would be less distracting and less stressful. Education in school today is not taken as seriously as back then. Students don't come to learn anymore and end up distracting others who do. Students taking classes from home could benefit them in so many ways. Do you believe that students could benefit from this? If so, in what other ways could it benefit them?