Do you ask more than one person for advice? It's better if you do, people can lose a lot from just listening to one person. Asking multiple people for advice is good for you because they'll help you see a different view of things, give you best points of view, and could build your character.

Asking more people for advice changes how you view things. This is mainly because all people think differently, in their own way. Everyone will have their way of seeing things. You might not even notice or realize what they see. Asking these multiple people can change you, completely. Getting advice from the right people changes how you feel about that certain something your someone. That one sentence could change how you feel about so many other things, that could be unrelated. Multiple advice from people can help you view your whole life differently. Certain advice can make you feel more awake or more aware of your surroundings. Make you feel that certain things are acceptable or not acceptable. You should tell your children that kind of advice at a young age but adults can learn to.

It's best to get the best advice from the best kind of people. Successful people can give you advice that can help you become successful yourself. This kind of advice could save your life, depending on the situation. Your loved ones can give you more trustworthy advice. Your loved ones can support you with all of your problems. These people will help you keep moving and motivate you as a person. They will give you all they they have in their mind to help you to the fullest. People who struggle more than most give you advice about life. They've seen life and pushed forward more than most people. They can give you a better understanding of life and trust. Everyone is smart in their own way.

Multiple advice can build you up as a person. You can build your mental health or how you think. Certain advice can help your way of thinking completely. It could also make you feel more certain about things in your life. This could encourage you to do better things in life. Most advice could help you achieve goals that you thought you could never do. Advice can make you a stronger and more resilient person in general. This could make you feel like you can do more with your life, or make you feel more social, or happy.

You wont see and changes at all if you ask only one person for advice. Asking more people for advice is an amazing way to be more open to others. It's also very motivating, loving, and a great way to set a goal for yourself. Asking for advice is good on it's own, but asking multiple people for advice is a wonderful thing to do for yourself and your future. If anyone asks you for advice give them all of the support you can. 