Limiting motor vehicle transportaion by simply carpooling or just riding a bike to work or wherever it is that your doing would be such a great advantage not just to you, but also to the environment.

One main reason limiting motor vehicle transportation would be the best thing to do for the environment is because of the fact that, for example the exhaust of the vehicles in a densly populated area would cause a lot of physical damage to parks or gardens. The gasses that come out of the exhaust prevent full healthy growth of plants, which in terms means less trees and we need trees to help turn carbon dioxide into oxygen so we can breathe. It also helps us to breathe better if we could all just carpool with friends because it would cause less vehicles to be out on the road and in turn create an environment where all those chemicals aren't coming out of as many cars.

Besides just the fact that it would create cleaner air for us to breathe, the fact also remains that it would also be safer to drive everywhere without getting into a car crash. Car crashes are one of the leading causes of death for people all over the world, but if people stop driving their own cars everywhere there wouldn't be as many cars on highways, intersections or any other roads, there would be much less congestion making it easier to see what is around the vehicle you are traveling and it'll help save lives.

But limiting motor transportation doesn't only help out with the environment, it also helps out with your budget! If you were to sell your vehicle and ride a bike to work everyday or just catch a ride with a friend or relative, you won't have to worry about your payments on the car. You wouldn't have to pay for your car insurrence, your actual monthly payments,for any repairs on your car incase of an accident, and since you won't have a car you won't end up with any tickets for speeding or parking in the incorrect spot(s). The only thing you'd have to worry about is giving a $20 to whoever takes you to work that week.

If people would ride a bike to school, take a public bus to work or simply walk to their destination, it lower emissions, conserve resources, and it would improve safety in general.    