Students would benefit from being able to atttend classes from home. First of all, this will let students be less stress from going to school and receiving their education. Students can also work at their own pace at home in a relaxing enviroment which I think works best. Lastly, this would give students more free time for themselves and choose whatever they want to do what they can't do during the day.

Most students around the United States dislike waking up early in the morning and having to take the long proccess of getting ready and parents yelling at them "Wake up" or "The bus is going to leave you". There are some schools that offer online classes that benefit students from going to school and taking the classes online. I think this would help all students from stress becasue you won't have to think about early morning wake ups. This would help students not having to deal with overloads of work stressing about "where did I put my papers" and losing valuable homework. This also helps with time management. Students won't have to go to school for more than 7 hours and be stuck in class sleep deprived and would just be at home taking there time with there classes online. Furthermore, this would help students getting into trouble at school and dealing with teachers about who's right and who's wrong.

In addition, students would benefit even more becasue they would work at there own pace. Students can take time by working in each subject at there pace and won't be rushed by and teachers or anybody. I think this is a great way for students to build self-indepence for the real world becasue they will be on there own and have to manage there time wisely and accordingly. I also think you can get more worked down where the you can choose a place at home or a nearby coffee shop where students don't have distractions. Students can also engage with other students if they taking the same materials and help each other out.

Moreover, this allows students to have more free time and social time to themselves. Many students these days want to have some change in there pockets and find partime jobs. This would allow students to either choose a job or a hobby they like to pursue during the day since they won't be physically at school. Most students can join a sport they like and also have plenty if time to condition and practice to get better.

In conclusion,

students would benefit from being able to atttend classes from home. I would reccomend many schools should have online classes for students who just dont feel school isnt where they can learn but at home they can enjoy there comfort and still excel. 