"All of our development since World War II has been centered around the car, and that will have to change," said David Goldberg, an official of Transportation for America. David Goldberg says this in means of trying to decrease car usage, such as in Vauban, Germany. Car usage after World War II continued increasing for a long period of time until 2005 in the United States the number of miles driven started to decrease. In the year 2013, the miles driven in the United States decreased nearly 9% since 2005 and was equal to the amount of miles driven in 1995. Throughout the whole world people have been experiencing problems with air pollution and due to that many have been trying to decrease the usage of cars in different ways to slow this air pollution.

To start off, pollution from cars has been a large factor of the air pollution today. In the United States, 50 percent of the greenhouse emissions in the United States is caused by passenger cars. Then there is Paris who has been experiencing heavy smog. Recently, it has had days of near-record pollution. Reason for such high levels of smog or air pollution can be attributed to a tax policy that favors diesel over gasoline. Diesel makes up 67% of vehicles in France. Then in the rest of Western Europe 53.3% of the vehicles are diesel.

Next, is how some people attempt to slow the car pollution. The first example of a community trying to decrease the usage of cars is Vauban, Germany. In Vaubaun street parking, driveways, and home garages are generally forbidden. For the most part, Vauban is car free. The only way to use cars in Vauban is to carpool because there is only two places to park in the whole city and they are two large parking garages on the edge of development. Then you have to pay $40,000 to keep a spot. 70% of the people in Vaubaun do not own cars. Anoter example is Paris, who is one of the biggest air pollutants next to Beijing. They have been trying to decrease the smog in their area through slowing the amount of cars on the road. What they did is make it so only cars wih even-numbered license plates could drive one day and odd-numbered license plates the next. Almost 4,000 drivers were fined due to this policy, which showed some  reluctance in following the plan. This did not matter though because the smog cleared enough to where the polcy only lasted for one day. Another attempt in lowering the usage of cars was Bogota's car-free day. In this program it is quite obvious that it was just a day of no car usage at all. During this event Colombians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work. Even in the rain people of Bogota participated in this event. Then there is one other case of lowering the usage of cars, which is the natural way, having people just grow away from the car. This is currently happening in the United States, one of if not the largest car users. Like I said earlier since 2005 the usage of cars has decreased. Whether this trend stays in motion or not depends on the idealism of the current and future generations.

To conclude, the use of cars is creating problems in air pollution and due to this there have been attempt to slow this usage. Then back to what David Goldberg said the development of the car needs to stop being the center of attention. So instead what we have to do is take our attention away from using the car to ways of finding ways to limit the cars use.    