Back in the day getting a car was a right of passage into the adult world, now it just seems silly to get a car. Biking, walking, trains, buses all seem be taking the place of cars. Why? Seems to be the big question that car companies are asking. An here are the answers new towns are being constructed all over the world where car are unnessacery, also new programs to show other ways of transportaion, but also for less population.

The Europeans seem to be taking ton the idea of a "car-free" life. In Vauban,Germany they have created a community where street parking, driveways, and home garages are geberally forbidden. 5,500 residents live within a a rectangular sqaure mile, making it more compact and more accessible for public transportantion. This makes stores a walk away, there is a main street, rather than a distant high way. Vauban, is an example of a growing trend in Europe, United States, and elsewhere. They are separting suburban life from auto use, a start of a movenment called "smart planning."

Bogota, Colombia is starting a program that is spreading to other countries. Millions of Colombians hiked, biked, skated, or took the bus yesterday. This is the third year cars have been banned, using only buses and taxis, these are only trasportantion permitted for the Day Without Cars. In this captial city, the goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog. The turnout was large even with the rain showers, "The rain hasn't stopped people from participating..," said Bogoto Mayor Antanas. And for the first time two other cities are joining the event. The day without cars is part of  improvement campaign, they have constructed 118 miles of bicycle paths, the most in Latin America.

In Paris they have started to enforce partial driving ban to clear the air of smog. On Mondays motorists  with even numbered license plates to leave their cares at home, and on Tuesdays odd numbered licenses plates must do so as well. If they use their car they will get fined, 4,00 people were fined that Monday! This new plan of action is due to the intensifying smog in Paris, that monday 60% of the smog was down. In the Untied States less people are starting to use cars, not because they will be fined but because a change in culture. Many sociologist believe that a decrease in car usage will have beneficial implications for carbon emissions and enviroment.

To conclude limiting car usuage seems to be a trend around the whole world. The advangtages of less car usuage, is they are building communties where cars arent nessacery, making programs to show there are other ways of trasportant, and less cars means less smog. The whole world is starting this new trend of less cars, you never know cars might not be a thing 50 years! We seem to be heading towards a new age, that only seems to be increasing throughout the world.    