It can wait

As a young teen in America, I understand that using your phone while driving is very common nowadays. Although it is common, it's probably not the best decision to make. As technology improves, cell phone usage will continue to increase, especially in millennials. This does not mean that all cell phone usage is bad, but it does mean that everyone should reconsider using cell phones while driving. On a daily basis, I hear about people my age dying due to car accidents, because they chose to be on their cell phones while driving. Using your phone while driving can cause distractions, accidents, or put passengers and other drivers in danger.

While studying for my driver's test, I was overwhelmed by the seriousness of the laws about phone usage and driving. Phone usage while driving is against the law for several reasons. One reason why cell phone usage is against the law is because of the distractions that it can cause. We commonly see people using cellphones while driving every day, but it is illegal, Found on GHSA.org . Using cell phones while driving can cause distractions such as texting, or using social media. I strongly feel individuals should solely focus on driving when their car is in motion. When I started driving, I understood the importance of waiting to respond to any notifications that I receive, and putting my phone on do not disturb. I think that everyone should consider using this feature on their cell phones because it can potentially save their life or someone else's.

Furthermore, I think that driving while using your phone is not only dangerous, but it's also could be the reason for half of America's fatalities. It only takes seconds for someone to look down at their phone and cause a wreck. Cell phone usage itself is expanding, but I think that if people aren't considerate of their lives they should be considerate of others. For example, phone usage while driving could include snap chatting, taking selfies, searching for a song, or as simple as using your phone for directions. Phenomenally, phone usage has turned into a habit.

I've seen people use their phones while driving and it makes me question if they even care about their own lives. I think that risking someone else's life to check social media, respond to a message, or simply changing a song is ignorant. In today's society, phone usage has become a serious problem and I want to stress to millennials and my fellow peers, it can wait. Seeing people using their phones while driving not only bothers me, but it concerns me about the well being of my family. Phone usage while driving can cause car accidents, which can lead to a lifelong lesson. Whether the car accident results in a bad injury or death, it can change your life, forever.

Subsequently, as a teenager, I commonly see my friends posting videos while driving down the road with my other friends. Cell phone usage and driving are very illegal but most get away with it because they do it discreetly. I think that in today's time, everyone struggles with the concept of not "texting and driving". As mentioned before , my peers texting or making snapchat videos while driving, could cost them their lives. Mentioned on Healinglaw. com, there are stories teeneagers getting into wrecks because of the distractions of phone usage and their passengers distracting them. This careless act resulted in a bad wreck, which caused serious injuries. I often think to myself, "why would one want to put someone else's life at risk, over a text?" Something that I realized was that I cannot control my friend's actions, but I can control my own. I love my life enough to not risk it over a text message.

In conclusion, I think that even though phone usage while driving can be very tempting, it is not necessary. I think that phone usage while driving should continue to be illegal, I do not agree with putting someone's life at risk over a simple text or video. Putting your own life in danger or someone else's life in danger is a careless act that must be shunned upon. I also don't agree with the simple distractions that come along with phone usage and driving. Once one is behind the wheel, their phone should be on the do not disturb mode, and they should put their phones face down until they reach their destination. If a person has to use their GPS system while driving, it should be properly mounted in their car in concordance with all of the existing cell phone usage while driving laws. With that being said, I understand the concept of using a GPS while driving. However, I disagree with the concept of cell phone usage to text others and the use of social media platforms while driving. It can wait.

Work Cited

1. GHSA, www. ghsa. org/state-laws/issues/distracted driving.

2. Basu, Anupriya. "Facts about Teen Distracted Driving and How to Prevent Crashes." Healing Law, 18 Mar. 2020,

healinglaw. com/blog/teen-distracted-driving/.         