Driverless cars becoming the new thing i think is pretty cool. In the argumentive essay i will be for driverless cars! To think that a while back some people didnt have cars and now we are trying to create a driverless car is amazing. In this essay i will state my three reasonings on why i am for driverless cars.

While reading this paper i saw that a plus side to these driverless cars would be the gas. The text states "The cars would use half the fuel of today's taxis and offer far more flexibility than a bus." Gas prices are something many american people have to deal with on the daily. We all know that gas is not the cheapest thing the world has to offer. By these driverless cars though if they found a way to improve in technology and use half the feul it takes for a real car then this is a big plus side on the driverless cars.

Another reason i am for driverless cars is because they seem to have made this car as safe as it could possible be. In the driverless car there are sensors located everywhere doing different things. Without these senors the car wouldnt be able to function as a driverless car. The text says "The information from the sensors can cause the car to apply brakes on individual wheels." If it wasnt for senors this car would no longer be safe, in my persepective. The senors located in these driverless cars all play an important role to keep the driverless cars driverless.

A huge reason i am for these driverless cars are because if we can accomplish a driverless car, who knows where that will take us next. In the first paragraph the author says "He believes such cars would fundamentally change the world." I personally could not agree with the statment more. If the driverless car becomes a thing then what will be next, everyone has there own high tech planes?

As i said that i am for driverless cars i can also see through people who arent for it. New things are always scary, but how will we advance in technology if we never give new things a try. I hope this argumentive essay might of helped convince you a little more to open up to the idea of driverless cars.               