In the mid 70s, NASA discovered a massive face on the planet Mars, they photographed it. It resembled eyes,a nose and a mouth. NASA leaked the photo, then people, including scientist and astronomers,started to wonder if it were created by aliens!

I disagree,I do not think the face was created by aliens, and there are various reasaons. I do not think the face was created by aliens and I am going to explain why,a face can`t be created by aliens unless it were remains,scientist would have already discovered aliens before the face if it were to be created by aliens, and NASA revealed the face as 2 miles long,it couldn`t be created by aliens.

The face on Mars couldn`t have been created by aliens,how can a face be created by aliens, unless it were alien remains? If it were alien remains,that means aliens would have to exist. Scientist have not found aliens or alien remains to this day. A sharper picture of the face proved it wasn`t created by aliens, mentioned in paragraph 7. Besides, aliens can`t create a face.

If it were to be created by aliens we would have discovered aliens before we found this huge face. Space rovers have been searching the planet mars before the face was found. The face is two miles long according to paragraph one,it would take some time to build it. We would have found aliens building it before we found the face itself. Thus, the face is a natural landform.

The face is two miles long, if it were aliens existing, they would not be able to build something like this. An alien wouldn`t create a two mile landform if it exsited. It would not be a reason to, there would be no benificiary reason for an alien to build a face. It was also discovered as a natural landform. It couldn`t possibly be created by aliens.

In conclusion, I do not think the two mile landform was created by aliens. The only way it would be alien related is if it were alien remains. If it were created by aliens, we would have discovered them already. Since the landform is two miles long,it would take some time if it were to be build. Besides,it`s two miles long, there is no benificiary reason for an alien to spend this much time on a landform, it couldn`t possibly be created by aliens. This is why I dont believe that the face on Mars, was created by aliens.