Do you sometimes wonder how it would feel to take an online class? To take an online class students would have to push themselves each and every single day to get on a computer and learn. People may find that hard and stressful to do on a daily basis. Students wouldn't benefit from taking online classes because they wouldn't be able to interact with peers, they wouldn't be able to ask for help, and they wouldn't be motivated to work as hard.

Some people would disagree with this position. Some may argue that if schools offer online classes it would benefit students. For example, schools are now offering online classes due to the new illness COVID-19. Students around the world are now forced to stay in doors at all times, so that the illness can't be spread. This is where online classes can come in and help students learn without leaving their homes. Nevertheless there are other viewpoints to consider.

To being with, online classes wouldn't benefit students because some students learn by interacting with others. For example, Fredrick Douglass was a famous slave that didn't know how to read or write. When Fredrick Douglass was sent to do groceries he would find kids and play games with them. He challenged the kids in a game to see who can sing the alphabet better. He tricked the kids over and over and thats how he learned to read and say the alphabet. Fredrick Douglass was not aloud to learn, but he learned by interacting with others.

In addition, online classes wouldn't benefit because when students make a mistake they want to know what they did wrong. For example, when Tom Brady throws an interception his coach will sit down with him and tell him what he did wrong. The head coach teaches his players what not to do and what to do. Without his coach he would have to learn from an online source. It would take forever for someone to reply back. This is why after the game, all players and coaches will sit in a classroom and learn from what they did wrong. They will be criticized and assisted as fast as possible.

Finally, online classes wouldn't benefit because students wouldn't have the motivation to work hard. For example, when I go to school I want to feed off the energy around me. I want to know if the people around me are engaged to the learning. Thats what motivates me, people who want to learn and succeed like I want to. You can't get that experience from a online class.

To conclude, online classes wouldn't benefit students because they wouldn't be able to ask for assistance, they wouldn't be motivated to work hard, and they wouldn't be able to interact with peers. Students wouldn't succeed if they learned from home. Schools shouldn't change to this rule because every student should have the opportunity to explore the feeling of a classroom and other outdoor activities. 