A planet that may have once been like earth now capable of liquefying many metals with sheer atmospheric pressure, a dangerous adventure for thoes wanting to explore the terrian. In "The Challenge of Exploring Venus" the author is talking about how even though Venus is very dangerous, it would still be wise to go out and see if one could discover anthing. Although he provides many reasons not to go out he lacks many reasons that support his idea to send a anything to Venus.

In the begging of this article the author gives many reasons why Venus is a dangerous place. In the article he describes Venus as a place that seems close to a pit of fire stating "temperatures avrage over 800 degrees Farenheit..., Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus 3). These factors make it impossiable to explore Venus at all and earth technologly would take awhile to be able to make anything that withstand these heats for too long. To try and make a rover that could run around Venus could takes million or billions of dollars and is not worth that much. It also says that "no spacecraft surived the landing for more than a few hours"(The Challenge of Exploring Venus 2). Even if NASA could get another robot to Venus the data collected in just a few hours does prove to be very useful, other than a few pictures showing the likeness of Venus to Earth. The author lacks sustainable sloutions to these problems and provieds more reasions not to go rather than to go.

Next he provies a slotuion to these problems but does not have ones that are exceptionally good. The author says that the likness of Venus to Earth is something that is amazing with "a surface of rocky sedimant and familiar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus 4). Although these are interesting they provide little evidence of prevous life and very few reasons to go to Venus. Just because it has hills is no reason to send expensive equiptment or risk lives to go there. He does however give a sloution and safe way to travel to Venus but it has big flaws. He says "imagine a blimp-like vechile hovering 30 or so miles above the rolling Venus" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus 5). While this seems like a fantastic idea there are not only many safety issues but also many other issues with this. It has a big flaw of "only limited insight on ground conditions because most forms of light cannot penetrate the dense atmosphere" (The Challenge of Exploring Venus 4). If the whole point of the mission is to look at the surface of th eplanet then why send a spacecraft that cannot do that. It may seem like a good short tearm idea it is not usesul in the long run and does not give good enough reason to explore Venus.

In summary the author does not have enough evidence to support his idea of going to Venus. While he tries to provide sloutions non of them work for a long trip on the surface. It may be awhile before a human can go to Venus but in the mean time humans will continue to move forward and push humans to the edge of space.