The Face on Mars

The Face on Mars is a natural landform.

The formation is just another Martian mesa. Many conspiracy theorists get too overwhelmed when they see this face, because they are so eager for scientsists to find life on another planet. Although it looks as if something made the Face, it was made naturally.

First, the Martian mesa is very common around the area of Cydonia. It was not a big surprise to some scientists to find that it was formed naturally. NASA revealed the image captioning, "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth." The unusual shadows made the landform seem to be a human face.

Next, the Mars Orbiter Camera team captured a photo that was ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. This made the picture even more accurate. When the picture was first unveiled on a JPL web site, people found that the Face was a naturally landform. It was not caused by aliens or other life forms.

Then, Malin's team took a clearer photo than the 1976 Vikining picture. Malin's team's captured a picture on April 8, 2001, in which each pixel spaned 1.56 meters compared to the 43 meters per pixel in the Viking photograph. According to the article, you can distinctly view objects three times bigger in a digital image than the pixel size. In paragraph 11, the author says "So if there were objects in this picture like airplanes on the ground or Egyptian-style pyramids or even small shacks, you could see what they were!" The 2001 picture shows that the Martian is equivalent to landforms that are common near the American West.

Ultimately, the research and pictures were clear, the landform was not made by any life forms. The Face was formed naturally. The Martian mesa is very common in the area of Cydonia, where it was found by. Scientists and their teams captured photos that showed that this was landform was caused naturally. With the technology the scientists like Malin used, it is easy to tell that there was no aliens that affected the mesa.