Venus is a very unique and unknown planet to us on Earth. Studying Venus would get us insight on what truly the planet of Venus is. Venus gives us many dangerous and hostile conditions, but our knowledge and cluelessness gives us even more curiousity on what the big unknown is. Our knowledge shouldn't be limited to what is possibe but should be limited to what is impossible.

Venus is one of the brightest points in the night sky. Venus is known as the " Earth's twin" while being the closest planet to Earth in density and size. "These conditions are far more extreme than anything humans encouter on Earth," stated from the passage. Given this information we can conclude that Venus has some unreal features and are unlike what anyone has ever seen. This planet has so much uniqueness about it and should be evaluted to the most possible limits. It holds many unknown factors of what Venus really is.

Studying Venus could bring so much more insight of the planet itself. The passage states,"Venus stil has some features that are analogous to those on Earth," this means that Venus has some features that are like the features that are present on Earth. Paragraph four states," Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in out solar system," this tells us that Venus could of once been Earth-like, but what made it change? Studying Venus could give us significant information on what Venus once was or maybe even what the Earth will turn into.

Studying Venus could be one of the most complicated and dangerous things ever done. In paragraph five it states," NASA's possible solution to the hostile conditions on the surface of Venus would allow scientists to float about the fray." This possible solution could help scientists observe and evaluate Venus's surface, but would have to avoid unfriendly gound conditions. "Not easy conditions, but survivable for humans," was stated in paragraph six, it signifies that it is possible to observe Venus, but may not be the easiest mission. Despite risks of the mission," many researchers are working on innovations that would allow our machines to last long enough to contribute meaningfully to our knowledge of Venus. No matter the risks or how dangerous Venus is, studying Venus would be one worthy pursuit and one of the most innovative and significant observations in history.

As paragraph eight states," Striving to meet the challenge presented by Venus has value, not only because of the insight to be gained on the planet itself, but also because human curiosity will likely lead us into many equally intimidating endeavors." Studying Venus would be one of the most worthy pursuits despite the dangers it presents, because it would give us information that could change the way we live today. The planet Venus gives us such curiosity that we meet the very edges of our imagination and innovation. Reading this passage, the author gave us ideas on wondering what happened to Venus, was Venus once Earth-like, and if whether or not the impossible is possible when observing Venus. No matter the dangers persented to us on Venus, studying the planet would be one of the most innovative, extraordinary, and unbelievable missions ever accomplished on Earth, that would give us such insight on our world today.