I needed help with all my homework, it was very hard to have advance classes in school. I asked my sister for help and she said "going fast does not help you, you have to be slow and secure to succeed in life". I thank my sister for giving me advice that is very valuable to me and helped me a lot too, hopefully I pass middle school.

People ask for advice and they ask more than one person because theres other points of view, they can help you decide, and discus the advise that they gave you.

People ask for advice because theres other points of view. She was lost in her own mind with darkness inside of her. She was reaching for help but she did not know that she was trapped in a bad path, I helped her to get up and gave her advice on not going in the wrong way. She was desperate for someone to reach her hand and help her and I told her "if I wasn't your real friend I will not had helped you but real friends are there for each other". People sometimes need help on making decisions because they need another person to help them to make the right decision, think about the advice and how can it help you.

Another option that why people ask for advice is that they need help on decide something. Facts show that 50% of the people need help on making decisions to be more sure and confident with the decision that they have made. People sometimes need more help than others to make decisions to be more confident and more secure with what they are doing. Getting help from others it can help you on everything that you are doing and get advice if you are doing something wrong, they can help you with what ever you are going through.

Finally people ask help because they want to discus the opinion or advice. I asked my mom for help because I didn't know that if a girl from school was a good influence on me. My mom said "if she does something bad will you do it too or will you do it so that she can like you as a friend". My mom was right and I followed what she had told me because that girl was on a bad path and Im glad that I was not friends with her. Sometimes we need to talk to someone with what is going on and what problems we have and how to solve them. If someone gives you advice do not turn it away first listen to it and try if it helps in your life.

In conclusion some people need help with decision making or getting advice because they want other points of view, help on deciding, and to discus the advice or opinion. If you have a problem or something you are struggling with talking to someone will help you to make a decision or they can give you advice and try it in your life, if it helps remember it don't forget it. Do you have someone you trust and gives you great advice?