The Face on Mars is just a natural landform. This face has only come out once and we have not found any other faces planted on Cydonia, the region the face was located at. The face has been fading, There is no real proof of the face being kept there by aliens, and there was no alien momunment after all.

One reason is that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform because the face has been fading. The text states that they have tooken pictures of this Face on Mars and both times they have the face becomes unnoitcable. For Example: When one of the people went out and took a picture, "What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or mesa - landforms common around the American West."

Another reason for the Face on Mars to be just a natural landform is because of no real proof leading to aliens being there. The passage states that no aliens have interloped the area or anything. The text showed that overtime the face has deceased of showing up. The Garvin states that the Face has come down to looking like "Middle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho, that's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars."

My final reason that the Face on Mars is just a natural landform is that there was no alien momunment or alien archifact. The text states that on April 5, 1998 they got the first really well took picture of the Face on Mars. When they uploaded the picture, nothing of the sort of alien industry being there. The text also stated, "Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL web site, revealing...a natural landform. There was no alien monunment after all."

The Face on Mars was incredible to see. The people were craving to see the alien life become on Mars and as so was the NASA people. Everyone was stoked to have maybe a new set of living creatures come out. " The 'Face on Mars' has since become a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magazines, radio talk shows - even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years!" Although, the Face on Mars was the only face that could be seen on there. The more pictures taken of this Face on Mars the more everyone found out that the face was more of a natural landform. "That's a lava dome that takes the form of an isolated mesa about the same height as the Face on Mars."