The principal just announced a new school rule. The rule says that every student has to participate in at least on after school activity. To some people, this is a great idea. To other, it might not sound too great. In this paper, I will tell you my side on this new rule. Afterwards, I will try to convince you why you should support my claims.

First of all, I should let you know which side I'm on. Whether I support the new rule or not. To be brief , I do support this new rule. The principal took a risk with this. The risk he took is the reaction of the parents and the teachers. Even with all of that though, in the long run, this rule will pay off.

In this paragraph, I will be stating different factors, pros, opinions, and more. Everything I state is to convince you to support my side of this new rule. First of all, the extracurricular activities can make students happier when they choose an activity they love. This can motivate them to work better and harder in and out of school. Secondly, it will push students to be well-rounded. Third of all, it can push kids to do their very best. The coaches, helpers, and other adults in the students' life will push them and have them strive to be great.

Going off of my last paragraph, I will continue listing ways that the new rule is a good thing. The difference is that I will be talking about mostly the parent benefits. First of all, when kids are at their activities, the parents have more time to relax and not worry as much. Also, if every single student is at an activity, then more people can set up carpools. In addition to what I said before, about the student being happier and doing better in school, they can have better behavior and attitude at home. The kids will be happier all around, which can make the parent happier. Some parents may be concerned on how their child will juggle having the activity going on and also maintaining good grades. Eventually, the kid will learn to handle it. This teaches them responsibility. This skill can be used at school, home, and anywhere!

In conclusion, that is my paper. I talked about how the principal introduced a new school rule that every student has to do an extracurricular activity. I talked about how I was all for that rule and the benefits that came with it. How the coaches and other adults can encourage the kids and help them strive for greatness. Also how the activities can teach them responsibility, and make them have better behavior and attitude. I hope by reading this I convinced you to accept and support the new rule. The reason is, in my opinion, the extracurricular activities make the students all around happier people. 