Mesa's form all of the time and they are a natural occurance and they should not be considered differently just because the land formation looks like a face. Mesa's form due to rocks that pile up nad form when erotion occurs from wind and other nutrients and minerals brush over the rock and the wind loose minerals that cause the Mesa to look like a face.

Nutrients and minerals loosen and crack over time as strong winds blow over formations and look like they are faces, trees, and other land for mations femaninans. the scientists have proven this over the years adn even done tests and studies on certian erotion types. some differnt erosion types are wind, oceans, rain, and other natural causes that over the years have caused thing to fade away mineral by mineral or brick by brick.

As you can see through the pictures as the years go on the cameras used by the space ships adn space things have evolved like erition only differnce is that erosion is bad sometimes, technological advances have occured througout the years and this is even another sign of erotion. Some of the tiem advancements can be abad thing becasue natural resources are lost by advaces and erotion. Stomachs can erode thing by the acids in them. they eat away at the food inside and can be fast or it can be slow.

The "face" on the planet mars is considered a face because it looks like one. Humans can look like animals but they arn't, technically. The "face" is there becasu eof the mineral build up and the rocksa dn dust that have collected there becasue of the strong winds and the mild winds and just winds in gernal. as the mineral build up grew and the winds picked up the minerals and dust blew away and then went somewhe else.

So this particular arguement is going to be ended by me saying that I am right your wrong and your going to go look all of this up and find out theat erotion and minerals are all natural and then you will come back adn thank me so you dont look odd when some asks you about the "face".