Advice is an important key in life. People always have different anwsers to share. Diverse responses can help a person majorly; they can learn others' points of view as well. If someone has similar responses, the person might feel more comfortable with their own anwser. After listening to others' responses. People ask others for advice because people can recieve various responses, learn others' points of view, and possibly help their own anwser.

First, people ask for advice when they mainly want others' thoughts. Others' responses can be totaly diverse. Which can benefit their own thought on the topic. When listening to others' anwsers, it certainly help them. People can learn multiply reasons, on which they never thought about intill after. Advice can certainly, postivily or negativily affect a person's anwser for the best.

Secondly, learning others' points of view is a huge factor, when people ask advice. People can learn different thoughts that they never thought about before. Those responses always impact or change their own anwser later. In the future, people can always rely back on others' responses to benefit them. Advice always boosts a person's thinking process. Each response is super important because people can always look at a topic in multiply point of views.

Thirdly, almost every response benefits a person's anwser. It helps them become more confident in their anwser later. People also become more knowledgeble going forward. Many people ask adviceto help their awnser. People tend to ask advice when their unsure; which others' responses help them think about the topic or help their anwser. Advice is a great way for people to understand their own anwser, and others' responses.

Lastly, advice is super important in life. Diverse anwsers help a person's thinking process on that topic. Others' points of views benefits a person's thought and awnser. Each response postivily affects everything, their thought process, their anwser, and how they look at certain topics later on. Advice is a great way for people to share and recieve thoughts. In conclusion, asking multiply people advice alway benefits a person in the long run. 