Does the study environment really affect students to study knowledge? There is a lot of people be success from the slum. When they are in the school period, They don't have much modern equipment for them to use, and also do not have a experience teacher to teach them, but they are success finally. I think the environment are not important for students study, as long as you are a hard working student and always pay attention when teacher is talking, you will be the next success person in this world. So for students attend classes in home or in school, it means same things, it's all depend on which students. It doesn't matter in which place or environment, a good student are never make himself fall. So I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home.

First of all, if students are attend classes from home, I think the students can be more focus on their class, because no one can distracting you, It is impossible. You can only sit on your chair in your room, and then put all of your attention on your online class. For this scene I can make a example, you are just wake up in your bed, and your parent are already go to work. Then, watch the clock, you remind that today is still a school day, and it's the timing for you to open your computer and go to the online class to study. Next, let's image, the house is almost empty except you, no one can talk to you, only the quiet air fill the house. In this moment, you hear the sounds from the computer,

yep, it's Generic_Name! Generic_Name is a good math teacher, he is always coming on time, you really love him. After the several hours, he is teach all of the students who is on the online class to solve some math questions. That's the scene will happen I believe if the students are attend online classes from home. No one can distract you and you can focus the class.

Second, if students are attend classes from home, it can reduce a lot of time from the move, like some students may walk to school or some may get bus go to the school, it both takes much time. So reduce time is very important for students. For a example, as a student, I feel so tired when I was wake up on 7:00 am in every morning. And then, get the bus go to school. When bus arrive to school, I still have to waiting until the first period start, yup, 8:10 am. It cost 1 hour from when I wake up to the first period start. So on the other hand, let's try the way on online class, I can wake up around the 7:55 am,

15 minute is enough for me to do something like wash tooth and face etc, It reduce 55 minute. Recently, I saw a data report from the internet, it shows young teens at least need to have 8 hour for sleep everyday. For me, I think 9 hour is better, so I care about that 55 minute, it can make me feel more energy in morning. So if you are the students like me, and your school have the online classes option open, don't worry and stop wasting your time, just apply for it, trust me you will not feel regret for this decision in the future.

Third, if students are attend classes from home, then you will not have to worry about the food. For my personal experience, many students will feel hungry when they are in school, because the lunch time is too late, study knowledge are steal too much energy from our body. So if we are attend class in our home, we can eat anything we want in anytime, even is science class. Also, I think the lunch in school is not that health as we think, especially for some fat people although I not. I always believe if the food is cooking by myself or my parent is more delicious and health, because we know which food is good for us, we know some small detail that they don't know, like what source should add to this food, or what kind of meat is my favorite etc. That's home, the other place can't beyond it. So if you are the students really love the food that making by yourself or you are the students often feel hungry in the class, just apply for the online classes, you will know the feeling when you are eating the food while focus to teacher, its like you're stand in heaven.

In conclusion, above is the reason why I think the students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Many people know that study knowledge is the most important things for everyone, it doesn't matter in where. But if we have the free to choose the places, we can choose the place that we are more comfortable with. So if you are the students love to sleep more longer,

love the food is cook by yourself, or you are the students hate other to distract you. Then, you can consider to apply online classes, there is still have the unlimited benefit that I didn't show you. When you are really attend online classes, those benefit will become the surprise to you. Last, As long as you are work hard, be serious to every work, kind to others, the gold are always shiny, no matter it is stand under floor or on top of a building.