Hey Generic_Name I said, "i need help i'm stuck in this problem right now." Generic_Name answered and said, "what's up." I said, "i need help i'm trying to get a job but i don't know where i should work." Generic_Name said, "just go work at Generic_Name because they give benefits." i agreed with him and went home. later that day i ask my mom and said, "mom i need advice where should i work."

She said, "Generic_Name because its a great first job to have as a teenager." Getting advice from more people is good because, It could bring more ideas that you didn't know about, it can help you to make the right decision, and it can help you because others could have experience from your problem.

My first topic is it can help you because it could bring new ideas about the advice you need. when i was asking Mom and Generic_Name where i should work they both gave me new ideas about Generic_Name. My mom said, ''that it's a great first job for a teenager.'' which it is because it shows me how to be responsible with my time learn how to save money and so much more. Generic_Name told me that they give benefits which i didn't know. So if i work there i get benefits like a little of my college payed for . Now i got 2 new ideas about working at Generic_Name i think i want to work there.

My second topic is it can help you with making the right decision. Like my friend Generic_Name need help because he wanted to ask this beautiful girl out but didn't know if he would get rejected or not. ''Generic_Name", called Generic_Name i need your help i wanna ask Generic_Name out but i don't know if she likes me. Generic_Name said, ''dude she totally likes you i have seen her stare at you before and she keeps checking you out.'' Generic_Name said, "Thank you.'' and walked off. Generic_Name later that day ask Generic_Name and said ''do you think Generic_Name like me or no." Generic_Name said, "she 100 percent likes you i have seen her look you up and down." Generic_Name said ''thank you'' and walked away. Later that day he built up the courage to go ask her out. As Generic_Name was walking he's hands started sweating and he became nervous but he said, Generic_Name will you go out with me" and she said yes. that why asking other people for advice can help you because if Generic_Name didn't ask Generic_Name or Generic_Name he wouldn't have asked out Generic_Name.

My final topic is that asking people for advice could help you because they might have experienced it before you did. I was running home from school and ran into my neighbors garden. i didn't know if i should tell them or not so i asked my sister and said, "Generic_Name i ran into Mrs. Generic_Names garden should i tell her or no." she said, ''i would tell because if she finds out you did it and you didn't tell her she going to be mad and i know she would because i ran into her garden too awhile ago and I didn't tell her and she found out and i got in more trouble." So i walked up so scared that Mrs. Generic_Name was going to be so mad but she open the door and i told her that i ran into her garden and she was upset but happy i told her. that's why asking advice is good because other people might have done the same thing but did the wrong choice.

In conclusion i got the job, got my friend to date the girl he liked and didn't get in trouble with Mrs. Generic_Name because i asked people for advice. so that's why getting advice from other people is good because it could help with new ideas, it can help you make the right choice, and it can help you because other people might have experience it before.