Has there ever been a day where going to school just wasn't an option and got a ton of makeup work? All of that makeup work can be resolved with providing students the option to take class at home. Although some may believe otherwise having class as a at home option truly benefits the students because they learn better in their own environment, sick students can still attend class, and when an unexpected closing occurs class can still go on.

My First reasoning to why students should be allowed to take class at home is that students tend to learn better in their own environment. Working at home is a more efficient way to get things done because work can be completed on an individuals own time. For example this summer I took an Econ class, being a requirement to graduate I was obligated to take it. Instead of taking the class during the school year I opted for the summer providing me with lots of time to complete the class and getting the class done in a shorter amount of time. Some may say students will just get distracted or look answers up online but, that reasoning is flawed due to the fact that if they are in their own home less distractions like classmates or classroom activities will occur. Hannah Meloche, a famous youtuber, completes her school work at home. Learning on her own time and excelling in her classes online benefit her in so many ways. She now has traveled the world and runs a million dollar company all while still being in school and learning more than she does in a school day. These opportunities would have not been an option if it wasnt for online school. Creating more opportunities, online school benefits the student in being able to succeed outside of the classroom

Second, if a student wakes up sick or has another reason why they can't make it to school it is easy for them to still attend class and get their work done. Lots of students get sick during the school year and have to miss school because of it. This year eleven out of the twenty-three kids in my class were out sick because of the flu. My teacher had to stop teaching because she didnt want the other students to get far behind in work. This issue can be resolved with the online class option. People may argue that students will just fake sick just to stay home in affect increase the amount of student absences. While that is false because students will still get credited for attendance if they show up online to class and get their work done which will actually decrease the absence amount.

Famous actress Millie Bobby Brown, has no time for school while being in many TV shows and movies. Being able to take her classes on set while still getting credit allow her to star in award winning movies. She still learns all the same curriculum that everyone else does and puts in the same amount of work.

Attending class online when a student can't make it in, benefits the student in being able to still learn the subject while outside of the classroom.

Lastly, students who live in areas with harsh weather conditions sometimes have days where school has to close down. Snow days, heat days and even wind days can all affect the school work getting done by a student. When snow days occur in my area teachers usually hold class that morning to still get our work done and stay on track during the school year. Once my math teacher held a three hour math class on a snow day morning to keep everyone from forgetting the subject. With that some might state that students would choose not to do it or miss the class. All work is still up for a grade and those students will need to complete it. In 2009, the east coast of the U.S. had a huge snow storm closing down school for two weeks. Students fell really far behind on their school work and had to rush to learn everything when they got back. If schools provided online school everyone would have stayed on track and could learn at their own pace. Having weather affect the students learning, online school benefits the students in learning even when school is not open.

In conclusion students will benefit from this tremendously and be able to keep on track of their work. Getting work done on their own time and keeping their grades up each and every student will be able to learn better.

Although some may believe otherwise having class as a at home option truly benefits the students because they learn better in their own environment, sick students can still attend class, and when an unexpected closing occurs class can still go on. 