My response is that I think that completing summer projects over the summer should be student-designed. When you take a long summer break, sometimes you can forget details you learned from schools because you have not been to school for so long. Also I think it is a good idea because doing this can give students more responsolities to have will they have fun during the summer.

Another reason why I support this is because when student's don't go to school for so long they can forget alot of things in that time period. So a good way to keep their brain actively particapating in school things, should be the students doing projects over the summer. Also the students doing projects will help them for the next upcoming school year and their brain will already be warmed up. Another way this helps students is this prepairs them for the upcoming school year so the students wont be behind on things and they will be actively ready.

My second supporting reason is that it's okay for students to take breaks, but they also should always be learning and doing things at the same time. I dont think the teachers should be doing school projects because they have already got their diploma's and knows what they are going to teach for the next year. But by the teachers giving us projects keeps us busy and more focused on school work. Also making students do projects can teach students alot of responsibilities, because doing these projects is like our job for example; when you work for an company and you don't do assignments when you have free time you can get fired for not taking responsibiity and doing what you are supposed to do, Students taking projects over the summer is simular to an actual job.

The third reason on why I support my response is because students doing there projects helps them stay focus, consistant, and on task. If the teachers are doing the projects and the students are not actively learning on their summer break then they are not going to be prepared for the next school year. Also when the students are not learning for a long time, the students can get lazy and not want to do work because they are so used to going home and relaxing. By the students acting lazy and relaxing they won't start off with a good school year and can affect their grades and not stay focused. Also when a students is not actively learning, they can loose intrest in learning which can affect their behaivoir.

Staying actively learning can help students tremendsly. It's very immportant for students to stay actively learning and not getting out of focus. When students stay actively learning and doing projects over breaks, it can impove your working and learning skills. All of these reason can help students in their school work and continuesly want to do work and do their responsibilites. These are my reasons on why i support students doing their projects over the summer.