Have you ever wondered about what would happen if you did something you knew that was bad, or good. What would have been the outcome. If you didn't really know then would't you ask someone like a friend, a family member, a trusted adult, or maybe all three of them. They would give you some sort of advice but it's not all the same sort of advice. When getting advice from different people they would tell you something they experienced or their biased on, but it would all give you some sort of idea.

Imagine you have a project to do about something, but you don't know anything about it. If you wanted to find out about you would go research. When you research you see all sorts of websites filled with information that you could use. When you open these websites you see that they don't all have the same type of information. When you keep reading these different websites you get an idea about what it's about. It's the same thing with finding advice. You don't get the same advice from everyone, but it gives you an idea which is the similarity with all the advice given to you.

People deal with all sorts of things. It could be a job they had, a problem they suffered from, a crime they made, a honorable thing they did to the community. People had experience all sorts of things. When seeking advice, people first think of the experiences they had with that sort of topic. Then they tell you something based on their experience like what would happen, and what the outcome of it would be. People would say all sorts of things based on their experience because it something they experienced. People could experience the same things but in different ways, which could create the idea of some sort of advice.

Everyone has something that they like, it could be some sort of food, video game, bored game, book, TV show, movie, and sport team. Peoples opinion would be either they do like it, or they don't like it. They are reasons do like certain things, and there are reasons people don't like certain things. People are just being biased on things. It's like when you get advice from multiple people. They would be biased on their advice that they give. They would tell you should do this, or do that, but they are just being biased, and you have a choice on listening to it or not.

In conclusion when seeking advice from multiple people, they would all give you some idea of something, and how this happens is cause they all have different opinions but they all tell you something similar. How to know you are going to get some sort of advice that would really help. Depends on how much you trust each other, and how much you care for each other. People could just tell you whatever they want. That is why you should get advice form someone you know is trust worthy.