Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. And my thought for that concept is yes, students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home so students would have an advantage of getting their education from even farther distances.

In procedure many students get bullied, which causes them to be frightened or anxious that would prevent them from going to school. Also it would make them hesitate to speak up to an adult such as their parents,teacher,and even friends cause it would make them look weak. meanwhile from the offerings given from the schools it could repel from those incidents that will allow students to be more comfortable, since their at the house which makes them feel safer and less worried. Then students would have a much better capacity of their classes online that would make them focused and getting assignments from school finished. Students would'nt have to be concerned if they arrived to school late cause their able to attain school at home.

Next, The schools benefits from online learning assists students by having to worry about walking from class to class all day cause they could be at home relaxed; still accomplishing the tasks that are given to the students. While they'll have less distractions that would get students work done faster. Which is also better for students to comprehend and able to obtain the knowledge that he/she needs to pass tasks such as tests,homework, and projects. Also it won't include students to fall behind the classes having to catch up on their assignments. So students would relieved about having any missing work to turn in.

To other circumstances, multitudinous of students want to or have jobs after school. From the benefits it should be easily stabled so they can finish the classes at home and drive to their jobs. With that its useful for many students soon to graduate and may only have to take a few credits that would allow students to finish early in the semester for students that dont have jobs and are able to start working. Then when the students are done wit their classes they dont have to worry about school anymore. It would also be a help for them that want to start working for awhile so that they can think about what they want to do in the future.

The offerings that some schools have for online classes have potential for students to be successful in their education, and gain more wisdom. The schools benefits would be remarkably helpful and less overwhelming for students to attend classes home for students.

In conclusion these examples given are precisely my reasons to clarify and why I think students would have the benefit of being able to attend classes home.              