The school have to opion the student is benefit to being able to attend classes fro home ,some school should not requite to attend classes online because the student not study in home, don't put more attention the online class your degree not tube high if not interest for your class online, but some time the all school think about how you take better in the school not at the home, we thinking about to take class online. when the people think the school give more work is for that want to maybe pass the class or graduate in your school, but all school help the student for pass all class they don't care how to pass. Some time the school benefit the student have class online because the teacher not more to be stay after school or maybe de programs help more the student is like more intereste when riceved class online or maybe they concentration more but in the program the my school to much student don't like the class online because not have teacher to explain the class or the work they need better to look the person to real for ask the question at have the problem for homework.

The stduent not study in home because you have more distration not focues in your class online or maybe forgert the start at the time when you have the class online,for example you need to start at the home 11:30 Am, but you not these in your home; because your play maybe in home the other friends, or maybe these in the beach therebyor maybe in the city or park do not have internet. Some school don't like to take class in home, but your counselor help how to pass when you go to tha vacation she help you how to keep work or homework is good idea sometime the student not improved when the teacher or conslur give your class online is like not interesting because you feel exaitde is your vacation. For example in holiday the family stay all in house if they have party you not concentration in your room or your house because your cousion or your friends plays you need to stay which they but only have thist time for play is you have class online you nor play which your family you need saty in your class. Is not to benefit is more better pass all class and not have to more online class .

when you have class online your degree need stay hihg in your attend,work and good degree because all count, for example when my friends Generic_Name not these in video conferencing in class the economic only one day the degree is loss domw only one day that she say omg i need saty at time in this class; I need do homework all days is as resposibility when you have class only. In my opion the take the class only, is not the good idea nothing for nothing put atention and also nothing that resposibility; when have class is like the people don'tcare the class is loss the time is not the good idea. Or maybe when you have video conferencing, the class you put more nervous because the teacher ask the question is you not how to answer you dont like enymore to take class online ,but only stay you and the teacher in one part is very nice but only is audio you need your breain more relax atac the class.

.

Another reason is how your plane tube better in the school not the home or maybe if you need more time satay in the school is more perfect study, your teacher have more example for you maybe you concentration more tha your home is like as good idea, if you think you take time you concentration more, in your school if you have teacher for your explame, your reason is your degree is more better, the one reson is you need to pass this class you don't need take one more time is more better to have time for pass this class that you need to take again one year more,for example If you want to graduation in this year, but you need to take online class or video conferencing but you not want to stay at the home at the time because your work or your games,I don't we have to pass this class if you think you not to resposibility is more better to take one year more that your loos your time if not interesting for the class .

In my conclusion the all school need to pass the class online or video conferencing but someone student dont care how pass class or how to take another class maybe for your graduation or maybe for your futrure is more importan or maybe your attend, is good when you decisde to go to the college, you need in your essay to put to attend is like explain your life in your school. but the school should not be requier, to take class online is not good idea the student not study in your home,

not interest the class, and student need to be good degree for pass the class. for example when I decide to go to the college Generic_Name she is the careercenter in Generic_School she tellme first your attend is good, your take class online your pass class she askeme all the question why?

when you initial your application you need to put good record, if when you think omg my record not good or maybe good if when I say neede to pass but is to much late only for not pass the class only. in my opinon to take class only is not good idea not body to explain your work more you need think your lonely. To pass class online is importan not only for pass is for when your college or univercity is you want you have class online maybe is good aidea but when stay in Hihg School os not good idea yoiu have time you have all and have more preparated for your class our your deplom.