Dear Mr. Senator,

The Electoral College is ruining everything that our fore fathers have worked for! When Americans vote, the majority believe that they are voting for the President of their choice, instead they are voting for a group of people, who will hopefully vote for the candidate they had wanted. The Electoral College is wrong for many reasons, but I'll narrow it down to two for you; People are voting for electors, not the president and electors might not choose the President based off Popular vote.

First, The Electoral College is wrong because voters are voting for electors not the President. When voting there are two groups of people voting for the President; the People and members of the Electoral College. Members of the Electoral College are actually choosen by state legislatures, meaning that their can be a point in time where the statre legislature chooses to pick a certain group of people based off of their political party. In 1960 the state legislature almost replaced the electors from the Democratic party; meaning that even if most people voted for Kennedy (the president at the time) he would still not be elected because electors would not vote for someone who was not apart of their party. It's happen before, so who's to say that it won't happen again.

Second, electors may or may not choose the President based off Popular vote. Even though if we did base the presidental election off of Poplular vote people might vote based off of region, meaning that most people in the south would vote for someone like Romney, but we have to consider that not everyone in the south would vote for one person. Also it is also true that it electors rarely vote against the Popular vote, but it is possible that the majority of the 538 electors will vote against the people.

In conclusion, The Electoral College should be terminated because People are voting for electors, not the president and electors might not choose the President based off Popular vote. In 1960 the state legislature almost replaced the Electoral group, meaning that the Popular vote would'nt even matter against the Electoral College. Also the Electoral College may acknowledge the Popular vote, but still vote for a different candidate. If you do choose to help me terminate the Electoral College, I say we try to get help from the guy who actually played the "Terminator" I heard that he is part of the government system in California now so he could probably help us.    