Venus, also known as the "Evening Star," is one of the most challenging planets to work on. With its many volcanoes, and its atmosphere full of sulfuric acid, there is nothing safe to this planet. So why do us humans continue to pursue the trip despite the risk? Is it due to the similarity between it and the Earth? Is it really "a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents?"

To start off, Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system, despite being second closest to the sun. This is because Venus contains the most volcanoes out of any planet. The thick atmosphere of Venus is composed of almost ninety seven percent carabon dioxide blankets. Like so, the clouds are made up of highly corrosive sulfuric acd, in which adds to the dangers of exploring this planet. On the surface of Venus, temperatures have the capability of averaging over eight hundred degrees Farenheit. To build off of that point, the atmospheric pressure is ninety times greater than what we experience here on Earth. Thus, these conditions are far much more extreme than any human being could handle.

An environment like so has the capability of crushing a submarine that is designed to dive into the deepest parts of the ocean, and along with that the temperatures would liquify many metals. Other factors such as powerful earthquakes, and frequent lighting strikes seek probes attempting to reach the surface.

In addition to atmospheric conditions, lets revisit why we even discuss further visits to Venus? Todays astronomers are extremely fascinated by the planet because they believe it was once one of the most Earth-like planets in our solar system. It is prpedicted that in some point in time, Venus was once largely covered in oceans and may have even had the capability of supporting various forms of life, similar to Earth. Venus still has failiar features to Earth, such as a rocky surface, valleys, mountains, and craters.

To continue the idea, how close are we to Venus? Earth is located between its two planetary neighbors, Mars and venus. Lets recall that Venus can sometimes be our nearest option for a planetary visit, in which is a crurcial consideration while considering the long time frames in order to pursue space travel. This may seem indisputable to many, however we need to consider, "what are some other options for pursuing such a risky mission, while creating something in which can be both safe and scientifically productive? NASA has proposed an idea of basically hovering thirty miles above the surface in order to avoid the harsh conditons of the atmosphere. The upside, it would be a moree safe alternative. The downside, Astronauts would be unable to collect samples from the surface of Venus, which brings up a whole new concept of being "scientifically productive."

In conclusion, is Venus still worth the pursuit despite the conditions humans can and will face? We still are unsure of a final answer. If we want to further human exploration in space, then it is quite possibly worth the risk. If we are not in nedd of expanding research, then it is not necessary. However, it is quite the given that NASA

would like to expand its knowledge. NASA

continues to work on otherr approaches such as using a heavy duty material in which would last weeks in the conditions. Some equipment used in the past for others sorts of events, doesn't even require electronics at all, which is a major upside to the research of Venus and its aroma. Modern computers would be much to delicate to function in such conditions, and that is why NASA conitnues to pursue research and exploration of Venus. Finally, it is worth it to pursue such a captivating planet despite the intimidating factors. We can now reach a point in which nobody else in the world has reached. 