Some schools, require students to complete school related projects during holiday/seasonal break. Teachers, who give their students assignments to be completed during break are more likely create; a more educated student, responsable student, and a more ambicous student.

Teachers who assighn students work during holiday/seasonal breaks, are more likely to have greater test scores from students than teachers who don't assighn work to be completed during break. Study's show that teachers who assighn work during breaks are likely to have better test and quiz grade outcomes, do to students gaining extra practice and gaining more information on a unit that had prevously been taught before break. For example, students who complete assghnments that their teacher had assghined them to do and be completed during break have more study time which students gain more information and knowledge about the unit then a student who dosn't have work assghined to them, meaning students gain extra information and knowledge that they can use during test, quizzes, and class work when comming back from break do to teachers giving them work sheets to be complete at home making them more educated students.

Secoundly, students who are given work during holiday/seasonal break and complete the work that their teacher has assighned them, will become more responsable students. For instance, students who are assighned work and know that their work has to be completed by a certain Date and time, tend to focus on what's really improtant such as their grade in class. Students, know that completing the work on time and at the best of there abilty know that they will gain a good grade in the gradebook and will have a better grade in the classroom as well, But the students also know if the assighnments are not fully completed and on time that there consiquence maybe there grade will drop drastically due to them not completing the task their teacher has assighned forthem. Making the students that where assigned projects to be completed during break, more responsable then other students.

Furthmore, Teachers who have assighned projects to be completed during break are creating ambicous students, and not lazy students who dont want to do class work and assighnments during class time when it becomes time to come back from break. for exmaple,students know that they will be returning back to school when break is over causes students to not loose their focus for school and the their class work when time to come back to school and remembering that holiday/seasonal breaks are just breaks from the school envioment and from fellow class mates that you have been stuck with for a long time period of time. meaning this will cause students to understand that they will be returnng back to schoola nd when they do it will be back to the basic and usaul clas room setting, work, test and quizzes. students who analyize this thought in there mind while doing there work assighned to them on break will not become lazy students that don't want to do anything when they return back to school but instead cause a more ambicouse student who is willing to exceed expectaions from their teachers and their class work.

Summer projects that are assighned by and from teachers are tottaly nessacesary if you want more educated students, responsable students, and a more ambicouse students in your class room.

;