Dear Senator Rubio I feel that there are some conserns about the Electoral College, now i feel that it should be kept as the way to pick the president and not just change to poular vote. I am sending this letter to tell my oppinons and to mabe here back from you about what you think is a better idea.

Well here is the first thing if you keep the elctoral college than you still have a possiblity of the man in the poular vote to win and with all the states having to pick how gos is helping the poular vote man because it is putting some how will vote for you  in that chair. aswell as  being able to campain in sertain places i mean sure you campain any way but if you know you have the elctoral votes you can focus on the regions and states that have the big voting numbers like Ohio Florida Pennsylvania New York and few others. these show that you need to campain in high Demacratic states if you are Repulican and visa verse. But if you relize quite a few states dont get visited to by the candates. why is that? well some states are dominatly Blue and others are dominatly Red like no Repulican goes and campains in Califonia and no Democrat campains in Texas. If looked at you see all those states that arent being paid attentin to the are the little one ore two vote places that the runner doesent feel that they absolutely need and it is like a little bounus if they vote for them.

Well know the stats show that a little over half the US does not vote,WHY? Because they feel there vote does not matter one bit and that leeds to them saying na why vote examples are showen like in texas if you are a Democrate why vote when you know that your vote doeent matter any whay because of the college. Also same for Repulicans in Califonia there votes are cancled outbecause of the state they are in. they all say that there are many that belive there is a big problem here with the college that it is riged because you can put your own people in there that may not vote for what you belived in well there is an example of that happening in one state they threw in men that wouldent vote fpr JFK to prove they can change the vote. know if they want to stay as an oficial than they need to do what the party states well that is exactly what most people do and that is why there has not been very many surprises while the votes are in after the voting that night.

So Senator Rubio you heared what I had to say you have heard my counter claim know it is time for you to go and tell me what you  think of the Electorial College so send me back a note and tell me all your oppinouns on this topic.    