Why should we stop using cars especially to our everyday advantage? Cars can pollute the air running on normal gas rather then hybrid cars though. Why is being car-free such a big hit? Will the use of cars come to an end? Not driving cars can be good for us in many ways.

"Congestion was down 60% in France after 5 days the smog rivaled in Beijing, China, wich is known as one of the most polluted cities in the world." (as Robert Duffer says in pragraph). The pollution can spread and make it worse some where else but be pollution free there. In france diesel feul is to blame for their pollution 67% compared to 53.3% of gasoline. Not using cars for only just a small amount of time can get rid of much of the pollution. Some people say its more stress free to not have cars around.

Being car-free is becoming more known and more people are trying it. There has been less traffic jams too. "The goal is to promote alternative transportation and reduce smog." (as Andrew Selsky states in pragraph 21). Also that of having no stress and nonpolluted air. In Bogota, Columbia cars have been banned for 3 years. People are being more active and walking more, this is helping a lot because everyone is getting more excercise and being healthier and having no pollution is a plus because you can also breathe easier.

"Studies suggest that Americans are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by." (as Elisabeth Rosenthal states in paragrah 29.) The United States is very cultural based on cars. The use has dropped drastically because in 2013 the miles driven was 9% below the peak. A part of it was because some people dont make much money or have jobs. sociologists believe that being car-free can be a benefit to society but bad for car companies. More people are using technology to communicate rather then driving somewhere too see them in person.

Being care-free is a great way too live your life, theres so many advantages to not having to use your cars. This helps save money from gas or car problems. It helps you be healthier and more active. All in all it even helps pollution one of the biggest problems we have and a main cause is the gas from cars.            