It had finally come, the letters from my dream colleges. One from UCLA, and one from Stanford. I had been accepted to both. Making the decision on what to do can be hard, that is the reason we ask for others thoughts on the situation. People might have the same idea you do. Another reason is you could make the wrong decision that will not only effect you, but also the people you love. Finally, someone may make a point you did not think of.

People might agree with the thought you have. If the people you ask think the same thing, it can take so much stress away from the situation. Many people agreeing on the same thought can show it is in your best interest. The choice might be difficult to make, so people agreeing on the same thing can show that this event was supposed to take place. Asking for others opinion on the situation can have a fantastic result, because they might have the same idea you do.

Making the wrong decision can not only effect you, but also the ones you love. Making a bad decision may result in something that will cause you loved ones to be majorly effected. If the decision you make is not very bright, it can result in consequences on your behalf. There are many decisions that involve yourself and others. Making a decision without consulting the others involved can result in unfortunate events, like a taken opportunity from yourself and the others involved.

The final reason why you should seek other's opinions is they might have a point you have not thought of. You might not be sure on what to do in that situation, someone might point something out that leads you in the right direction. The people you have asked might give you scenarios about what your future could look like depending on the decision made. Their thought could make you realize why your idea is the wrong decision for your future. If others make a major point as to what could happen; it could entirely change your life.

To conclude, asking for others opinions could give you a reason as to why you are making the best decision for yourself. They could show why you are making the wrong decision and how it will effect you, and the ones you surround yourself with. They could even prove a point you had not thought about. 