A machine identify human emotions doesn't seem to be valuable. The Facial Coding System is not nessesary for students in a classroom. Therefore, it just does not seem to benitficial to the students.

" The facial expressions for each emotion are universal" meaning everybody has there own way of expressing each others emotions. One can say that they are and another can say that they are sad. There's really no for need for a system to tell your expression at that time. You can obviously tell there expression. Plain and simple.

A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused of bored. Instead of the computer idenfitying the students emotions why doesn't a teacher actually go up the student to ask if everthing is fine and ask if he needs help on anything. Rather than a computer doing all the work. Not everybody is going to feel the same, but atleast it's worth a shot to try.

Dr. Huang and his colleague are experts at developing better ways for human and computers to communicate. We already have enough of technology to do those kind of obsticales. That is a everyday thing for us humans. Why develop more technology that doesn't seem to be useful for your emotional expression. Students in classrooms don't even use there textbooks anymore, they now use ipads for online assignments and online textbooks. Technology is just overrated.

Echman has classified six basic emotions happiness, surprise, anger, disgust, fear, and sadness. These are some emotions that everybody has on everyday. A computer that identifies these expressions on a person is just not nessesary. A student can come to class knowing he or she is happy. The FACS is just in their way.

In conclusion, the FACS is just not valuable to students in classroom. It is much better if we just stop waisting money that e could use for something else. Like putting into education for students that actually want to learn rather than telling students what their emotional expression is by what a computer is reading. Therefore, it is not benitficial nor valuable.        