All Aboard

Do you enjoy having adventures? Do you want to see different countries? Then, I know the place for you! The Seagoing Cowboys is a group that helps countries who need animals after war obtain new livestock. You and many others will care for and deliver horses, young cows, and mules to countries in need.

One great reason to join the program is that if you enjoy seeing the delighted faces of a person in need after they have recieved something that could help them live a better life, you can now! After the devastating World War 2 many countries are in ruins. They have lost their food supplies, animals, and more. You can help them recieve new livestock if you join the Cowboys today! Another wonderful reason to join the Seagoing Cowboys is adventure! The Cowboys travel overseas to deliver the animals. It takes about two weeks to reach your destination. Imagine all excitement a two week passage will bring! The last reason that the Seagoing Cowboys are for you is the places you will visit. Seagoing Cowboys isn't all work. You and fellow crew members can play baseball and volleyball after you drop off the animals. You may also play table-tennis, fencing, and boxing. Crewmen like to read or whittle, too. Cowboys may visit many exciting places. Some visit China. Others visit all of Europe! I, Luke, visited the Acropolis in Greece. It was marvelous! I also visited Venice, Italy. Riding in a gondola because the streets are water was quite enjoyable! Visting an exacavated castle in Crete and marveling at the Panama Canal was wonderful! If you want to visit these places like I did join the Seagoing Cowboys.

Are you ready to care for those in need? Are you craving adventure? Are you ready to explore the world? Well, nows the time. Come join the Cowboys and I promise you wil pursue these dreams. Being a Cowboy will make you aware of people in other countries. Being a Cowboy will give you adventure and a chance to explore. I promise you will cherish the memories you make as a Cowboy. Now, what are you waiting for? Come join the Seagoing Cowboys today!                       