Have you ever seen somthing, but it was not really what you thought it was? I'am a scientist at NASA, and i am trying to explain that the face that everyone saw on the planet Mars was not created by aliens. It was created by naturel landform. There are many clues that the face was created by natural landform. Also many people can disagree with me, but I will prove to you that it was not created by aliens.

Many people thought that the face was created by aliens because at the time they did not have much eveadince of it was real or not. They thought that unusal shadows made it look like an Egyptin Pharaoh. We then showed people the pictures of the so what called face. It became a big hit everywhere, and people loved it. Some people thought it led to maybe living things being there. It then became an acient civlazation on mars.

In about April 5, 1998 they sent another ship out to take more adavnced pictures. These fine pictures would be much sharper, and they would capture more evedince. 1,000s of people waited to see what the fastinting pictures would bring a new. It revealed a natural landform and there came to be no alien monument after all. Many people were disapointed. They wanted to belive that it was real. Well, I am here to tell you that it is not real.

As you can tell there was a lot of dispute going on. Some people did not want to belive that it was not real. They wanted to keep trying. They then wanted to take a second look. The poeple wanted to make sure that we did not miss anything. We had an extraordinary photo that had pixel spans that were 1.56 meters. That was much better compared to1976 when the yfirst took the picturses.

What the picture actually showed was land forms that were common around the Amercian West.

Now do you see why the face was not created by aliens. Yes, maybe at one point in time it seemed like it could of been real, but all in the end it was not. It just took a little explaning and evidence over the photographs. In my opoion it would have been pretty amazing to of been that way. I guess some things just do not happen like that, and maybe some things happen for a reason. With my helpful eveidence and my clues I hope that you now understand why the face was not created by aliens, but why it was created by the natrual landforms. 