My name is Luke Bomberger, and I just got back from an amazing trip from being a Seagoing Cowboy.

I got to help animals recover from World War ll, and this trip was an amazing, and beautiful adventure. This program is hard work, and I know that some people aren't interested in helping animals, or working hard.

But, this is a really good program that I want to tell you about.

Maybe by the end of this article you will be convinced to join this program with me.

What did I have to do on this trip you ask? I had to help animals recover from World War ll.

This was a fun job, because even though this was hard work the animals are fun to play around with. If you don't take this job those animals won't have any body to take care or play around with them.

I know some of you don't really care for animals, but what's better: watching you favorite Tv show or helping poor animals recover from World War ll ?

The animals are a great part of this experience, but do you want to know what I really loved about this trip? I adored all of the tourist attractions on my way to China, and the great experience this was.

The cattle-boat trips were unbelievable for a small-town boy like me.

Seeing the Acropolis in Greece was special.

I loved the gondola ride in Venice Italy, it was beautiful to see the streets of water.

When I toured that excavated castle in Crete, and marveled at the Panama Canal on my way to China, it was amazingly beautiful.

I was bored with my high school job, so I took this job.

I was not bored anymore.

This job is a great job for someone who loves adventures, sand a hard working job.

I sure hope that this essay has convined you to join the Seagoing Cowboys program, because my arm sure is getting tired from all this writting.

Like I said in the first paragragh, work might not be for some people, or some people might not like animals.

But I am telling you this program is worth the work, with the amazing places you see, and sailing on a boat while taking care of animals.

Hopefully, you will join the Seagoing Cowboys program with me, and if you do this program it will open up the world to you, and you will be writting the next essay to someone.  