Fellow citizens, there are advantages of limiting car usage! Many of citizens are estatic about barely using their cars. Media trainor and mother of two Heuidrun Walter said "When I had a Car I was always tense. I'm Much happier this way." As You see Not having a car gets that stress off your shoulders. In the united states the environmental protection agency is promoting Car reduced communtities. Meaning the air pollution would go down a huge amount. In Source two " Paris bans driving due to smog"  Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the city. After a few days after they enforced that partial driving ban Congestion was down 60 percent ! Public transit was free of charge from friday to monday.

In source 3 "Car free day is spinning into a big hit in bogota" A program set spread to other countries .Millions of colombians hiked, biked , skated or took buses to work . In colombia cars were banned for almost three years can you believe that!! Bogota Mayor atanas Mockus said " the rain hasnt stopped people from participating" from the program. This shows that the people of bogota do care about their daily lifes and that they care about the environment. Not having a car is a good way to get out and be more productive with your life. Lots of authorites from other countries came to bogota to see how many of bogotas citizens participated

.

This program was apart of an improvement capaign That began in the 1990s .

Colombia has seen 118 miles of bicycle paths ! Parks and sports of colombia had revealed itself to the city. Rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic. Shopping districts have cropped up .In " The end of car culture " Prseident obama plans to to talk about the greenhouse gas emissions .Recent studies  show that americans are driving less and buying fewer cars . That leaves a big question to the president "Has america passed peak driving". America has been one of the worlds prime car cultures . " It is the birthplace of model t ".

What makes me wonder is the rates of car ownership. Michael Sivak who is a research professer at the university of michigans transporation Says " I think that means something more fundamental is going on " Which is actually a really smart way of thinking            