Dear Principal,

A lot of people who play sports in schools don't have B averages. I think they should have a B average to play in games but at least a C average to go to practices. You should have a B average to play a game because you have a higher grade and since you have a higher grade than a C average you deserve to play because you've kept your grades up. If you have a C average you should only be able to practice because you haven't really gotten the best grade. If you have a C average, yeah you're still passing but you should have i higher grade to play the sport because the people who have the higher grade has probably worked on their work in school and they got good grades but sometimes people with a C average don't always try their hardest and they just rush through things without looking them over and deciding what is wrong and what is right.

Or maybe they could all play in the game but the one's with the higher grades can play more than the ones without the high grades. You might also say that they need a higher grade to do sports because you don't want the people falling behind and then having to kick that person off the sports team because they have a bad grade. You also might say that because you want to teach them that if they don't get good grades, they don't get to participate in good things like sports. The child could be trying their by golly hardest in school but they don't get good grades because of their tests and because they don't turn in their homework. But if the people or kids with the good grades only get good grades because they turn in their homework and they do good on their tests. At least they tried and you should give them credit for trying their hardest or just trying because in life you have to fail numerous times in order to succeed. Usually you can tell when someone is trying their hardest because you can see it in how they act and if they try to study and turn their homework in and at least try to get good grades and make an effort.

You can also tell when someone isn't trying because their not turning their stuff in on time and they aren't getting good grades and when you try to talk to them about school they just move to another subject and act like they don't know what you're your talking about because they just try to make excuses out of everything and then you try to bring up a subject and they ignore you and then a person would ask someone about the littlest things that had to do with school and that person would completely blank you out because they could really care less about what you think and about school and about what you think of them and school and they aren't doing so well and what you think they can do to fix how they think and work at school. I also think that you should let the students at least participate in the sport even though they have a bad grade.

Thanks,

Student