The Seagoing Cowboys program is a wonderful program. I really liked this article it gave me a lot of information about this program. The Seagoing Cowboys program is a helpful program. I think other people should participate in the Seagoing Cowboys program. I will give you some reasons to support my opion.

One reason is they are very caring, because World War II ended, and it is 1945 and many countries were messed up from the war. so 44 nations joined together to help it's called the UNRRA, the UNRRA hired the Seagoing Cowboys. So they both were helping these countries. So that is a reason why you should join because they are caring. Another reason is they go across the world to help countries. So when you think about you can go on tours to some places across the world and go sight seeing, so that is pretty cool. Last reason is just doing the right thing it is a very caring and helpful program to help innocent people who were not in the war, that died and houses got damage. so it is a helpful thing to do and fun thing to join.

some details that support luke claims is in paragraph 5 it says that one of the boys in the smalltown said besides helping people he had time to see Europe and China so like luke said it's not only just helping people you have time to go on tours of places in some of these different countries that you never ever seen that place before and go on a tour of that place in that country. Another detail is in paragraph 8 it says that it is fun on board coming back because they played baseball, volleyball, table-tennis tournaments,and a few other games so joining will be fun because when you are on board or on the ship you can play games.

So that is all I have. I think people should really recommend participating in

Seagoing Cowboys program beacuse I think it is a wonderful program. I agree with Luke point of view you should convince others to participate in this program. It helps others and yourself. I would participate in this program if I could.