Have you ever realized how driving everywhere isn't always the best way to get places? Well, there are a few advantages of limiting car usage for fellow citizens. Think about it, cars aren't all that great, yeah they get you to your destination much faster than, let's say walking or maybe even riding a bike, but that isn't always a good thing. Bikes and walking are so much easier than driving everywhere because in order to drive to your destination you must have gasoline in your vehicle. If you were to walk to your specific destination you will not only get excercise but you can also walk with a friend, it will give you time to hang out with others and be social! Limiting car usage will also limit the amount of accidents on the roads everyday. It will end the "texting and driving" situation throughout the streets. The less people driving the safer the ones that do drive will be. People don't realize what cars do that are bad, all of us only see the good in vehicles because we don't want to have to push ourselves to change for the better.

Oh my! $2.56 for a gallon of gasoline will add up very quickly! That isn't the only gasoline that is affecting people either, there is also greenhouse gas from cars driving by. "And that, experts say, is a huge impediment to current efforts to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emisions from tailpipes..." (Source 1: In German Suburb, Life Goes On Without Cars (IGS) Paragraph 5 Line 3-4). The greenhouse gas percentage has gotten very high going from Europe to the United States, it is getting quite out of hand if you ask me. "Passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions in Europe... and up to 50 percent in some car-intensive areas in the United States." (Source 1 (IGS) Paragraph 5 Lines 4-6). Prices on gasoline stand very high now a days and it is bringing people downhill because the higher the price the less money they begin to have until they can't go out anymore. In result to trying to solve the pollution of gasoline problem the fined who ever it was that was causing the situation. "Almost 4,000 drivers were fined, according to Reuters... [Twenty-seven] people had their cars impounded for their reaction to the fine." (Source 2: Paris bans driving due to smog (PBDS) Paragraph 12 Lines 1-3). I believe that every country, state and city should take at least one day out of the year and make it a no driving day. "After days of near-record pollution, Paris enforced a partial driving ban to clear the air of the global city." (Source 2: (PBDS) Paragraph 10 Lines 1-2). If we do the same as Paris we can clear the air and not worry about the pollution as much but there are still other disadvantages for car usage.

Lifting weights? Joining a gym? Those are all good ways to get your excercise but really you could just get in the habit of walking to wear you need to go and get more excercise than you would in the gym. "While there have been efforts in the past two decades to make cities denser, and better for walking, planners are now taking the concept to the suburbs." (Source 1 (IGS) Paragraph 6 Lines 1-3). Making the cities denser will mean that the citizens who live in them can walk to the stores and resturaunts down the street instead of driving. "In this new approach, stores are placed a walk away, on a main street, rather than in malls along some distant highway." (Source 1 (IGS) Paragraph 6 Lines 8-10). Not to mention the traffic while driving! Walking to your destination will make getting places so much more afficient because you won't have to be late to a meeting or even work at that matter if it is walking distance. "Congestion (car traffic) was down 60 percent in the capital of France, after five days of intensifying smog..." (Source 2: (PBDS) Paragraph 14 Lines 1-2). If there are less cars on the street and more people on the sidewalks, the world wouldn't be so gloomy. No one is social anymore, they don't care for others they only care for themselves and that is very wrong. If the limit of car usage decreases, the more people will want to walk and be social with others.

Watch out for that....! *crash!* Safety is so important when you are driving, accidents happen so quickly and if you aren't careful it could be you. This is another reason why limiting car usage is a rather good idea because it will cause accidents to happen less often than they do now. Car accidents happen everyday, maybe to a complete stranger or to someone you know, either way walking is safer. "In a program that's set to spread to other countries, millions of Columbians hiked, biked, skated or took buses to work during a car-free day yesterday, leaving the streets of this capital city eerily devoid of traffic jams." (Source 3: Car-free day is spinning into a big hit in Bogota (CFDB) Paragraph 20 Lines 1-4). Walking to places is more, what's the word I'm looking for..? Oh! Walking is more social and safe, if you took one whole day without using your car, you could walk and as others catch on to why you are walking they will begin to walk along with you and you will develop the idea that walking is more fun and safe than driving. "Parks and sports centers also have bloomed throughout the city; uneven, pitted sidewalks have been replaces by broad, smooth sidewalks; rush hour restrictions have dramatically cut traffic; and new resturaunts and upscale shopping districts have cropped up." (Source 3: (PBDS) Paragraph 28 Lines 1-4). More people will begin to go out and walk for fun after getting in the habit of going with you and you can enjoy the world so much more knowing that the air isn't being as polluting and there won't be a many car accidents. You will save yourself and whoever follows through with you to limit the usage or cars and other vehicles.

Get a few of your friends together and go for a bike ride to the mall! There are some advantages of limiting car usage. Being in your car, whether it be alone or with others, is quite boring. You get to places very quickly but also don't have the experience that you could if you try something different. Try walking to the mall or a resturaunt not so close to you and bring some of your friends, see if you have more of a good time walking than you would driving. Driving is too expensive, you need to pay insurance to drive as well as paying to get gasoline. "With all these changes, people who stopped car commuting as a result of the recession may find less reason to resume the habit." (Source 4: The End Of Car Culture (TEOC) Paragraph 36 Lines 1-2). People are beginning to realize that cars are not all that great and don't do good for the world, they pollute the air we breathe. The less people to drive the better our cities will be, they will start to have less pollution in the air, less car accidents and more excercise to walk and bike to where you need to be. Be the one to make the clear the air day, and be a role model, show others why you decided to limit car usage.    