Texting and driving

Although cell phones have not been around for a very long time, they have become a key part of our lives. People use their cell phones for just about everything such as: texting, talking, schedule planning, internet surfing, etc. Sometimes we can even do two or more of these things at the same time. Unfortunately, people are also choosing the wrong time to be using their cell phones: while they are driving. As a society, we have become so focused on how much we can do at one time that we are willing to risk our personal safety as well as the safety of others because we can't put down our cell phones. Using a handheld cell phone while driving is dangerous to the driver themselves for a couple of good reasons.

In society, money is tight when it comes to doing different thing with the way the economy is now. If you can, try being careful because the money you put towards careless accident that can be prevented can be put toward a light bill, etc. The more the number of tickets you attract against your name, the higher the insurance will be.

Despite offering huge benefits, cell phones have become a grave concern and a major cause of road accidents. Drivers using cell phones are not able to give their complete attention on roads exposing not only themselves but also other people on the road. Therefore, most of the governments, including Austria, Australia, Switzerland, Greece, Germany, and different Asian as well as African countries, have imposed restriction on using cell phones during driving.

In conclusion, you should not use a cell phone while driving because it is inconsiderate of other drivers, because it is illegal, it causes more automobile crashes, and because there are alternatives that are safer than cell phones when on the road. If you regularly answer calls or texts when you are going shopping, to work, to a friend's house, or whatever you may be doing, consider the consequences. What is more important? The text message or your life?                      