I do not completely agree on the driverless car.

I think tectnology has become to big of a part in life.

We should not have to rely on tectnology for eveything.

People are becomeing to depend on tectnology whats going to happen if one day it falls?

If we have driverless cars and something happen? No matter how safe they seem are you really willing to put your life in the hands of tectnology, they might say it is perfectly save but what happens when the car melfuntions and you get into a crash?

If we keep so hevaly relying on tectnology for everthing we do we will never learn.

In the future if all these cars are driving themself and it goes out one day kids that grow up without learning how to drive because they relyed so heavly on tectnolony can not get anywhere.

I think people should stop being so lazy and forget about tectnolony for a while and start to do things on there own.

Kids that are growning up in a air like today will never learn how to surive without tectnolonly and for the most part that is really sad.

I think tectnology in grenaly is becoming more and more over powering in the world today.

Some may see that as a wonderful thing we are smart and can experiance things, but when can we lurn to start doing stuff by hand and taking control of our own lives.

If something were to hand to the driverless cars what would people do?

Are people just to sit in their houses because they can not drive themself anywhere because they forgot or may do not even know how?

I think we should not make these car or not give them to anyone.

We need to have people learing how to drive.

I remember when I was younger I could not wait to drive a car by myself, is tectnolony going to take away some of the biggest moments in a teens life?

If everything were to fall one day we need to be able to be independ and be able to live on our own and take car of our self.

We do not need cars that can drive themself we need people behind the wheel.

People will always be smarting then a mashen.

We have coment sence and can think about how to get out of sisutations as for car they do not if something were to happen cars can not think like people. I will alway feel safer with a human behind the wheel.