Automakers are progressing closer and closer to bringing fantasy and reality together by creating the driverless car. Many people debate whether they should be legal, or if they even have any real use to the world. The driverless car is not a practical option for the world to turn to.

To allow technology to completely overrun our lives and to go on "auto-pilot" for the rest of one's life, would do much more harm than good. The driverless car will allow drivers to essentially ignore the road and their surroundings during their trip. Though the manufacturers may warn consumers to be alert during their ride, one must find it pointless to pay for an automatic car, when they may have a normal car that requires a slightly higher level of attention. One must fear that for going on "auto-pilot" for so long, the people may forget how to drive properly.

When these cars get in an accident, there will be a law suit between the driver and the manufacturer. If the car gets in an accident caused by the car itself, then the manufacturer will have "wrecked" it's reputation, and hopefully will be forced to recall every autonomous car of that model, which would be extremely expensive fpr the company to do. To add to that, these cars will be far too expensive for consumers to be worth all of the legal and insurance hassle that would be attached to it.

Finally, one should find that the automatic car would disconnect their emotional connection to their normal car. Tthe automatic car takes the fun out of driving, making the task seem to be a mundane way to get from point A to point B. The automatic car would steal one's confidence in having control over where their going, which also means drivers would do less "taking the long way home" and more "get me to where I'm going".

In conclusion, the automatic car is not going to become the future of driving. In American society, people have emotional relationships with their cars, and the automatic car would not fill in that gap. For the people that would go for the automatic car would become unaware of their surroundings, and frankly would be set on auto-pilot for so long, that one fears that they may forget how to drive properly. In the end, the automatic car may be good to some, but inpractical and inflexibole to many, but no one knows what the future may hold