Many people believe in conspiracy theories,that may sometimes not be backed by evidence. Some examples of this are Bigfoot or aliens. Another conspiracy theory is of the face on Mars. In 1976 NASA's Viking 1 spacecraft was orbiting the planet, when it came a across something that appered to look a lot like a human face. Many conspiracy theorists believe that this landform on Mars has to do with aliens.

There is evidence that shows that the face on Mars has nothing to do with aliens. Modern technolgy has allowed us to further investigate on theories like this. "Micheal Malin and his Mars Orbiter Camera (MOC) team snapped a picture ten times sharper than the original Viking photos. Thousands of anxious web surfers were waiting when the image first appeared on a JPL website, revealing... a natural landform. There was no alien monument after all." (paragraph 7). In 2001, the Mars Global Surveyor was able to take a closer look. "As a rule of thumb, you can discern things in a digital image 3 times bigger than the pixal size."

With the last visit of the Face on Mars in 2001, scientists were able to get a closer look at the landform. They were able to compare the landform on Mars to the landforms here on Earth. " What the picture actually shows is the Martian equivalent of a butte or messa-landforms common around the American West. It reminds me most of the MIddle Butte in the Snake River Plain of Idaho". (paragraph 12). With this evidence we can tell that the landforms on Mars are simliar to the ones on Earth. Making it more likely to be caused by natural events in Mars's atmosphere.

Scientists at NASA, have enough knowledge and have done enough reshearch to differniate if events or landforms, like the Face, happen natrually or unaturally. For example," Scientists figured it was just another Martian mesa, common enough around Cydonia, only this one had unusal shadows that made it look like an Egyptian Pharaoh." (paragraph 2). Another insistance was when NASA shared the image of the Face and the author who wrote the caption clearly explained how the landform looked like a face. "huge rock formation... which resembles a human head... formed by shadows giving the illusion of eyes, nose, and mouth."(paragraph 3).

As you can see people who belive in conspiracy theories, often do not have the evidence to back up that theory. The reason for these theories often come from movies and tv shows. "The "Face of Mars" has since become a pop icon. It has starred in a Hollywood film, appeared in books, magizines, radio talk show- even haunted grocery store checkout lines for 25 years! Some people think the Face is bona fide evidence of life on Mars- evidence that NASA would rather hide, say conspiracy theorists." (paragraph 5). Many theories erupt from things like movies and books, but if we have the right evidence, than soon we will be able to know the real facts and really understand what is going on around us.