Driverless cares are the future. They are going to be great! With driverless cars we have to worry less about our safety and everyone else's safety.

Safety is always key, and these cars are safe. In this articule it states, "In reality, Google has had cars that could drive independently under specific conditions since 2009. Their cars have riven more than half a million miles without a crash" (Paragraph 2). These, driverless cars, have been proven to be safe. There are many people who have not had wrecks before, so yeah, those people are safe drivers. But, there are also people who have had one or multiple wrecks, and all of them may not be there fault but they still have been in a wreck. The driverless cars Google has been testing have not had a wreck yet! The though of driverless cars taking over the world and us not having to worry about losing anyone to a car wreck ever again is amazing.

Another good attribute about driverless cars is that they follow the rules. The cars do not speed, or run red lights, or not stop at stopsigns, they follow the rules. Some of those rules are also leading cause of wrecks; people who are driving out of control way over the speeding limit, or someone running a red light in a rush and they pull out in front of someone and cause and accident, also if they just do not think they have to stop at a stop sign and someone going the other way does not have to stop or they already did stop and it was their turn to go. Also, the number one and two things that get most people in wrecks, texting and drinking. People do not have to worry about a driverless care texting someone back or on the phone looking at social media. Driverless cares do not get distracted. People also will not see a driverless car in a bar getting drunk. It just will not happen. The driverless cars will not be pulled over for being intoxicated or swerving because they will not be intoxicated and will be driving safely.

Now some people are going to argue and say, "These really aren't driverless cars, you still have to drive them." Yes, they are true, as of now. But people should be fine with having to take the wheel sometimes. The text states, "Google cars aren't truly driverless; they still alert the driver to take over when pulling in and out of driveways or dealing with complicated traffic issues, such as navigating through roadwork or accidents" (Paragraph 2). and it also says, "...none of the cars developed so far are completely driverless. They can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but all are designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills, such as navigating through work zones and around accidents" (Paragraph 7). So they are correct when they say they are not truly driverless. But for now that is the technology we have we should accept it, and who would not want to feel as if they were in control during situations such as a wreck, or a work zone. And it we all ended up having driverless cares we would not have to worry about us having to take over the car through a wreck zone because these cars do not wreck.

The one downside is that the next generation of kids will never get to really learn how to drive. That's most peoples favorite thing to do when they get to the age to drive. They all want to go out to their car and take it for a spin. The next generation will not have to learn with driverless cars. Now, since they do not know any better because they will not see their parents driving, they may not miss it as much, but they will be missing out on a privelage it has been for many generations of people all across the world. But on the other side as parents, we will be glad to know that we will not ever have to worry about our kids being in a wreck or dying in a wreck, and we will always know they will safely make it to where they are going.

The future is coming and everyone needs to be ready! Driverless cars are a great things to come to this planet and everyone should be excited. Safety has always been something everyone in this whole world wants, and with driverless cars, we get that.