In this reading, the author is talking about exploring venus, but all his evidence speaks differently. I believe the author does not support the clam that Venus is a worthy pursuit because the evidence given is mediocre. He contradicts himself in many paragraphs proving why we shouldn't send people over, and has not given any reason why we should go over there.

In this short persuasive article, the author does not pursuade at all. In paragraph two, the backround of Venus is given, but it's not stated why its important to visit this planet. "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size." The only valid reason givin in this short story is when it is said in paragraph 4, "Astronomers are fascinated by Venus because it may well once have been the most Earth-like planet in our solar system." This statement gives no reason for traveling and researching Venus except for the fact it used to be like Earth.

Though it is said Earth is one of a kind, this article states Venus is the most like Earth planet they've ever found. That could be a valid reason to explore and consider inhabiting, but it is proven with evidence that Venus is inhospitable and would serve no purpose in researching and visiting. In paragraph three, it is said, "On the planets surface, temperatures average over 800 degrees Fahrenheit, and the atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater than what we experience on our own planet." These conditions are said to be inhospitable in paragraph four. It is also said, "Such an environment would crush even a submarine accustomed to diving to the deepest parts of our ocean and liquify." This evidence says the planet is almost impossible to visit and collect data on, except in the fifth paragraph, it is a very long explanation as to how we could even study venus. This is then contradicted in the sixth paragraph by saying photography and videography are ineffective because of the thick atmosphere, and no samples would be possible because the ground conditions are too bad for humans, and even metal.

In conclusion, the evidence the author has given us condradicts and outweighs the evidence given for the idea Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers, meaning he did not support this idea. 