When you seek out someone's opinion, you want to make sure that it is the best option for you. But sometimes other people have different opinions or different perspective from that matter and might make the decision that you're making much more difficult. For example, a friend of yours can give you an opinion, but it can also give you a different perspective from that choice and make you look at it in a different way. However, getting different ideas might help better your decision or make it much easier. Another example, hearing advice from someone that is closer to you or someone that you really trust(can be more than one person)can make you feel more relaxed or make you feel more confident in your decision.

Sometimes making decisions on your own can make you a bit worried or it can make you over think/stress about it. Therefore, asking other people for advice can help you improve that and can make you more comfortable/confident about the decisions you make in the near future. It can also affect how you work with others and build a better relationship. When asking someone for help on a decision that you are having worries about, hearing other people's opinions/advice can affect on how you communicate with that person.

If you feel comfortable talking with someone or communicate with someone that makes you feel confident on the choice that you are making, it can help/make you rely on them a bit more. As in from their perspective, it can make them rely on you and might ask you for advice in the near future. When helping each other on something that both of you are having trouble with, talking to each other will help you guys feel more secure about your decision and can grow and build the way you both communicate with each other and others. Getting different opinions from other people isn't a bad thing, it most likely won't make the choice more harder. It might actually help you on how to make decisions on your own in the future. As some people say, having a great relationship with someone or just having good people around you can really affect you as a person and can help you improve yourself for the better. For example, having good influences around you can help the way you think or communicate with others. Having someone to help you out can affect you and your decisions in many ways, of course it might change some things but it might change for the better.