Dear Senator,

The Electoral vote should be not used in the office anymore. It is casting the popular vote aside,its also basically saying that we the people don't know how to vote for the president ourselfs, and it brings too much confusion. It might have been used in the past when it was needed, but this it the 20's century and there is no need for them any longer. Somethings just have to change and try new things.

Popular vote is the vote the people cast on who the new presidnet should be,the one representing our contry. The motto of this contry since the consitioution was signed was "We the people" as in we the people have a say in what we belive is right and justice. The Elector vote although gives someone else power to vote for us, like as in a state has more people lets try to win this state over. The amount of electors given to the state is based on the amount of people in the state and in the house of representives. For example the state of California has 55 electors becuase it is one of the larger states in the United States. In the passage "In defense of the elecortal College" by Richard A. Posner, he states it himself " The advocates of this position are correct in agurging that the Electoral College method is not democratic...when it is the Elecorts who elect the president, not the people.". That right there states that our votes are no longer taken into consideration, but now it is only the Electors voting for us, and not "We the people".

The method of using the elelctors is saying that someone is needed to represtent the ideas of the people, as if one doesn't know how to express them alone. The liberty of freedom of speech was granted as one of our very first amendment, as one is able top express their. One might be able to vote for whoever we want but in the end the vote may not matter in office. The vote of the people does not go towars the presdient it goes to the electors of the state, it takes a lot of time out of osmeones day to vote, the least that should be is that we can at least vote for the presdient himslef and not someone to elect for us.

The electoral vote is was used before and it seemed to have been sucessful because its is still used in todays society; but that was back then when the people weren't informaed as much as we are now about the things that are around us. the Electopral voted severed its perposed but now it is time to let it go and be able to give the power to " We the people" and to do it ourselfs. Thank you for your time Mr. Senator and please take this under consideration.

Sincerly,

PROPER_NAME.    