Many citizens around the world could not imagine there like with out a car. But the more and more we use our car the more and more we are hurting our earth with the pollution our car gives off. The more we use it the more money we have to waste on gas. Maybe if we get rid of our cars it will save us money. There are better alternitives insead of using a car. There are many advantages of limiting car useage.

To begin with, have you ever heard of greenhouse effect? Greenhouse effect is where air gets traped and causes it to get warm. Well earth has a greenhouse effect, all the emissions for tailpipes gets traped. If you live in a high elevated area you most likey have a lot of polluted air. In the first passage

In German Suburb, life goes on without cars it states that "passenger cars are responsible for 12 percent of greenhouse gas emissions", "in the Untied States up to 50 percent in some areas. All of these gases from our cars causes so much pollution. In the second artical it states that "paris had near-record pollution", this is not a good thing, our earth can only take so much. All this pollution is not good for our earth. If we limit car usage the better our earth will be and the better we will be able to breath.

Furthermore, the less we use our car the less gas we have to buy. Not using our car that much can actually save us money. Its better than getting fined in France. We waste so much money on cars, from the gas to the insurance bills to the hula dancing girl on the dashbored. Why not trade in our car in for a bike.

Last but not least, if we get a bike, we will be saving gas money, we will not be polluting the air with the emissions, and we will be getting exersize. exersizing is relaxing. It relases stress. Also you wont have to stress about waiting in traffic and the time. Riding a bike has way lass traffic than cars.

in conclusion, some people can not image their life without a car, but life without a car is honestly better. Less pollution for our earth. We will save money without cars. There are many ways to get to places with out a car. and you can get exersize with some of those other ways. Their is so many more options than cars, and there better. so limitaing the car have many advanteges and theses are just some.                        