Fighting, drama, bullies, and irritated teachers are all factors of attending public school. We live in a society where social anxiety and depression are now a common problem. Everyday, somewhere in the world, a child is diagnosed with anxiety. Attending a public school can worsen the symptoms of the mental illness. Anxiety can have major effects on your body including; panic attacks, depressive spells, anger outburst, crying episodes, and nausea. Drama and fighting can be an easy trigger for a student with the mental illness, and for an unknown reason, public schools have a lot of drama. Most drama comes from bullying, the popular girls give the smart girls a hard time. The typical teenage "movie". Bullying is a serious matter, we lose at least 10 children a day due to bullying. When someone is mean to you over and over again, you begin to believe that it is your fault, which can cause negative thoughts in a young persons mind. The suicide rate in the past 20 years is higher than ever. Most of the recorded suicides have to deal with bullying. Doing classes from home sounds like a positive way to keep physical bullying at a minimum.

I understand waking up early, not getting enough sleep, didnt get a chance to have your morning coffee, or even you're still a little bit sleepy can have a negative effect on ones attitude. I believe teachers suffer with this reality more than the students. Their day can begin as early as 5 am!

School usually starts around 7am-8am, and when students arrive, some carry mean and ugly attitudes with them. The often take out stress or anger from other things on teachers who are already not having the best of days. In return, if being sent to the office isn't occurring, teachers will scream and fuss at the class causing a chain reaction of bad energy.

Doing online classes doesn't sound half as bad when you hear you get to go to school in your pj's. I remember having "spirit week" at school, and we would have special day where we did different things. My favorite day was always "Pajama Day". Remaining comfy and calm can relieve stress from a student, which is why school from home sounds like a pretty good idea. In school, there are more than just you in the building, which means moving at your own pace isn't really an option. Students get extremely irritated when they feel like they are being rushed in or out of a subject, which can cause a lot of hostility or sadness. I believe this can take a lot of the stress school applies away.

I do understand that with doing school from the comfort of your own home comes with some cons as well, such as shielding children from a reality they soon will face. I am also aware that not all children have such access to these things such as; WiFi, a laptop, school supplies at home, or a good support system at home. I do believe that the "one-on-one" time a child will receive is extremely beneficial. The student will not have to worry about being left behind or being confused. They will have the time to understand while working at their own pace. Allowing the student to have a peace of mind, not worrying or struggling in school.

In conclusion, the whole idea of school from home has both positive and negative outcomes. I believe it will help decrease the anxiety rate, and suicide rates of younger adults. I also believe it will help the graduation rate rise higher than ever. Students and teachers will have more time with family, friends, and themselves. Following the decision of home school, the time it takes the average student to complete school could be changed. Instead of the 12 year average it could be shortened due to the pace students work at with one on one education. The system definitely will have a better success rate with the homeschooling idea at hand.