The Electoral College its a process, not an actuall place. The Electoral College process works by a selection of electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president, and they count the electoral votes by congress. I think this should not stand no longer because "under the electoral college system, voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president."This is only one reason why the Electoral College should not be in progress. Another reason why is "If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for [John] Kerry, you'd vote for a slate of 34 Democratic electors pledged to Kerry."

"This explains why we as a hole nation united in one should change the Electoral College system to election by popular vote this allows everyones vote to be acounted for."The single best argument against the electoral college is what we might call the disaster factor. American people should say there pretty lucky that 2000 fiaaco was the biggest election crisis in a century;the system allows for much worse."Consider that state legislature are technically responsible for picking electors, and that those electors could always defy the will of the people."Now you might be getting an understanding of what I mean by we need to get rid of the electoral college method to popular vote.

"Back in 1960, segregationists in the Louisiana legislature nearly succeeded in replacing the Democratic electors with new electors who would oppose John F. Kennedy. But just because we did not get the electoral college removed doesnt mean we cant still try afterall we were close. The main problem with the electoral college is the fact that "each state casts only one vote, the single representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. "And if an electoral tie seems unlikely, consider this: In 1968, a shift of just 41,971 votes would have deadlocked the election; In 1976, a tie would have occured if a mere 5,559 voters in Ohio and 3,687 voter in Hawaii had voted the other way. "The election is only a few swing voters away from catastrophe." That is why the electoral college must end because it lets congress choose who they want to be leader not us.

That is why the electoral college must end because it lets congress choose who they want to be leader not us. That is my reason why.    