Dear State Senator

,

The idea of a Electoral College sounds great at first. In all reality you have to look at the facts. People of the United States should choose who they want to for president. Only having a few hundered out of the billions of people doesnt really seem fair to everyone's opinion, I agree that not everyone's opinion is satisfactory to others.

Each candidate running for President in a certain state has their own group of electors. These electors are chosen by the political party of those candidates running. The state laws get involved by only selecting electors by their responsiblilities. So this means not every elector is involved with the process.

We voters help choose our state's electors when we vote for President. When we vote for the person of our choice we are really choosing the electors in that candidate's political party. The "winner-take-all" system used in most states, gives the electors to the winning presidential candidate. this system is used in all states except Nebraska and Maine which have the variation of "proportional repesentation." The number of electors chosen for your vote will representing your chosen candidate.

Again with the fact of having a Electoral College, the people are not really voting for the President, they are voting for a slate of electors. Then they in turn elect president.

If you lived in Texas, for instance, and wanted to vote for John Kerry, you'd vote for 34 Democratic electors for Kerry. Off chance that those 34 electors won statewide, they would go to Congress and Kerry would in return get 34 electoral votes. These electors can be anyone not holding publice office. Electors have their own opinion rights as well.

Our votes dont always control who the elctors vote for. This causes confusion and arguements that it is unfair in the Electoral College's ways that the people are not always voting for their president because they are giving a slight chance for electors to change that vote.

Popular vote allows the people of the United States to choose what out of the majority is best for the United State's Presidential candidate. Unlike the rules and rights of the Electoral College, the popular vote allows the voters a absolute vote. Everyone's thoughts are put in concideration instead only 270 people out of like I said billions(and growing) population.

The facts show that popular vote in the long-run will be better for the United State's state of government than Electoral College. Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational. We should abolish the electoral college.

With Concideration,

A United State's citizen    