Although some say schools shouldn't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because students would not get enough educations away from school, actually students should have benefit from being able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing.

However, some say school shouldn't offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home because students wouldn't get enough knowledge at home, it's better in school.

Actually, students should be able to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. First, Online is useful in many ways. Students can research the information, or students can watch video on YouTube. For example, Math, some students don't understand how to solve the equations, but they can watch the video and find more math learning. Also, English essays. last year, my English teacher told me to write an essay about the night by Eli Wisely. I researched him because I didn't know who he was at first, and I found his history in the holocaust, I read it. It was very tragedy. So, I wrote it down for project, and I found a lot information in the holocaust. It was useful finding information on Google.

Second, video conferencing is helpful. There is a website called Edubirdie. This website is use for teachers communicating with students for education. Students can spend time with teacher like 24 hours or depends on what time students chooses. Edubirdie helps students with essays, math problems, social studies, science, etc.. Also, I remembered when I had a final exam for chemistry, and the problem was I didn't learned anything from chemistry class. Because my teacher was horrible, I didn't learned anything from him. So, I searched to Edubirdie website and watched some videos of stochiometry problem and word problems. Then, I face timed a Chemistry teacher from Edubirdie. I spend like 10 hours with her. It helped me little bit. After that, I took the final exam and I barely passed the class with the D+. at least I passed the class and I'm happy with it.

In conclusion, schools should offer distance learning as an option for students to attend classes from home by way of online or video conferencing because it gains knowledge and helpful for future education.