We often have to remind ourselves that phones are very distracting. Phones often distract us from looking in front of us while walking. This is important because phones also distract us from driving now. This very dangerous, and we should pay more attention to our surroundings. This is because driving with our phones can cause us to have a wreck, cause harm to others, and get in trouble with the police.

To start with, having a phone as a distraction can cause you to have a wreck while driving. Your eyes should be focused on the road at all times. If you take your eyes of the road for a split second there is a chance you are not paying attention to what is in front of you. Chances are if you are looking at your phone you could end up on the other side of the road and could possibly hit a car. You could also run into the back of somebody else's car in front of you.

Next, you could cause harm to others or yourself. If you are speeding while driving the impact could be very harmful to you and someone else as well. If you are on the other side of the road while being distracted by your phone you could have a head on collision and the impact could be very powerful. Having a wreck by not driving safety and being on your phone could raise the price of your car insurance. You could also have damage from your air bag.

Finally, you could get in trouble with the police. If you are driving reckless passing by a police they are going to notice. This could get you a ticket or possibly cause you to go to jail.

If you are on your phone and get pulled over, you could possibly get a fine. It is a law that you cannot be on your phone while driving or even have it in your lap.

You should always be responsible while driving. It is very important you are also always aware of your surroundings. You should not be on your phone. As long as you are being responsible while driving and not using your phone, you will have a better chance of the following not happening to you. This will help you avoid wrecks, causing harm to others, and getting in trouble with the police.   