Why people ask for advice they sometimes talk to more than one person. When they are asking more than one person for advice they are usually seeking for multiple opinions about your topic. Because gives people better ideas, asking more experienced people, or helps people feel more prepared.

Sometimes people ask for multiple people advice. Sometimes asking multiple people is better than asking one person how to do it. For example you have a essay on the 1960's, you have called your relatives that lived during that time period to help me with ideas and after me and my relatives discussed we changed our topic too something better. Well discussing with multiple about there ideas and opinions makes people change it to something even better.

Asking experienced people who has been there done that rather than someone who inexperienced. Someone who is experienced is someone who has been at that point and has accomplished it.

Asking advice too some one who is inexperienced and doesnt know as much is like this time when I was playing basketball tournament, I asked my dad for advice on how to score on this team his advice didnt work, then asked my coach who played the same position as me in high school and his scheme worked perfectly.

Most of the time asking someone who is more expireneced tells you what a better decision there is.

Finally by asking for multiple people opinions you feel prepared and ready. When you are asking for multiple people advice it feels like you are ready and when just asking one person you feel iffy about it and you dont want to do it. One time I did a public speaking at my school, it felt like I was going to fail this but lucky enough that my friends have already done it and gave me advice at being up at the podium and I did fine. Sometimes by just asking your friends for advice can make you feel prepared and ready to go.

In conclusion asking for advice from someone who is experienced rather than someone who doesnt know as much as them in a certain topic, asking advice from more people gives you ideas or more opinions, and asking more people about there topic makes them feel prepared. Someone that ask for multiple opinions/advice can help someone make better choices.