Benefits of Distant Learning for Students

Imagine going to a school for a class that's far distanced away from home, then you get a call from back home informing you that there's an emergency. How would that make you feel being in a completely different state to take a class when there's a family emergency back at home? All students have responsibilities outside of receiving their education. Some students also must pay large amounts of money to receive the education they need. Some people may say, education is the most significant aspect of a student's life. However, there are more important aspects to consider in a student's life, such as taking care of your family and other responsibilities, or being mindful of the cost it takes to get the education needed.

Students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home by the satisfaction that they won't become homesick. Some college students tend to be homesick after leaving there family to go to school far away from home. This issue can result in depression and the inability to complete their schoolwork successfully. The reason for benefits of being able to attend classes from home would be for students to not become homesick, leading to failure in their studies. Some people may say students can always go back home to visit family, or use the FaceTime app to see them. Clearly, that would be an option for a student to use as far as seeing their family, but it's not the same as being able to have a real connection and presence of your family everyday. Students also have other responsibilities to take care of at home, such as family emergencies. For example, this year of 2020, the corona virus has been quickly spreading worldwide, affecting many citizens of the US and other countries. The sickness could reach a student's family member, resulting in the student having the responsibility to take care of the rest of the family during their time of crisis. Any other responsibilities to be mindful of at home are significant in students lives that require the limitation of traveling far distances. With the opportunity for students to attend classes from home by using online sources, or video conferencing will eliminate homesickness and increase the ability to take care of responsibilities at home. Some people may say that students have to make sacrifices for their education. However, why would students run the extra mile of receiving their education, when it can be easily be obtained in another way.

Another benefit from being able to attend classes from home would be schools willing to occupancy the students needs. Most of the time, when traveling far distances away from home, it can be expensive and the price of being in a new housing is difficult for students to pay. Every student receiving an education may not be wealthy enough or have the financial stability to move far distances from home. Attending classes with distance learning by utilizing online or video conferencing can be beneficial, so that student doesn't have to pay large amounts of money. For example, imagine a student having the opportunity to attend classes in another state but the rent for housing in that state is expensive. It would be beneficial for the the school who has given them the opportunity to take classes there to offer distance learning. The reason for schools being able to offer distance learning is beneficial is because the school should be willing to occupancy all students needs. For example, I attend a school that's not within my zone school due to being a participant of the International Baccularete Program. Before joining the program, they guaranteed transportation needs if I couldn't provide my own transportation. I ride the hub bus every morning to get to school on time. Since the program was willing to occupancy my needs in receiving my education, all schools and programs must do the same. Some people may say it's the students responsibility to take care of their own educational needs. Clearly, they are wrong because educational organizations must support the needs of every student despite the amount of how much help they need.

Some people may say schools offering distance learning for students to attend classes by using online or video conferencing isn't beneficial. However, they are wrong because there are many benefits using that option, such as decreasing homesickness, taking care of family and responsibilities at home, limiting expensive needs, and schools willing to support their students. These benefits can reassure a student receiving a successful, comfortable, and significant education. Clearly, there's a large amount of things to consider in a students life when they are receiving an education and it's important for the student and the school to have a working system regarding needs and aspects of that student's life. Students benefiting from being able to attend classes from home can result in success for students education. 