You would get a lot of different answers from a lot of peopleif you were to go up to sme and ask them on what they think about the driverless car. But if you were to go and ask me that question i would have to say that I don't think we need to really be focusing on that as much as we should for other thngs in this world, it isnt as safe and could be very dangerous, there isnt anything wrong with having others drive themsleves.

First, I personally believe that there are more serious issues going on in this world that we should be focusing on more and putting more ofthe money twoards that then spending millions trying to get a car to drive by itself. A driverless car is not something we need to be worrying about when we can keep it easy and simple like it has been for many years and just have drivers driving the car.

Secondly, it has yet to been passed by the law due to safety percautions. As of right now the driverless cars are not as safe as a car that has some one driving the vechile. So with that reason whhy there I dont feel like what the need is to try and create something when we are all doing fine and would be doing even better then the driverless car.

Lastly, why fix something if it isnt broken? i get that driverless cars could be helpful for some people at times but to solve that problem that's what taxi's are for. Everythng has been fine with having the people drive the car themselves. People will be more alert then the driverless car itself so it is just best to just keep it as the way it has been going and let the people drive the car themsleves because there isn't anything wrong with doong it like that.

In conclusion, if you were to want to hear my opionin on what I have to say about the driverless cars I would say I think they are neat and could be somethng big in the future to come. As of now though I think that there are bigger things going on in this world right now that we should be focusing on, they are not proven to be as safe then what it is with having someone driving the vechile. And there is not a big problem on having people drive the cars themsleves so there isnt a big need for a solution like this.