Studying venus is a worthy pursuit despite how danergous it can be. One reason is it can be a good planet to learn things from, since it has many similiarites with planet earth. Another reason is because it has things that no other planet has such as having the hottest surface temperature. Another reason is just because it has dangerour aspects does not mean we should not learn about it or keep us from seeing it's visual things.

Venus has some similiarites with earth that other planets as well can have or is the only planet. In the text in paragraph 2 it states "Venus is the closest planet to Earth in terms of density and size and occasionally the closest in distance too" This text from the article states that venus has similiarties in density,size, and sometimes even distance. Along with having those same features with Earth, it also has some other alike features. In the text in paragraph 4 it states "The planet has a surface of rocky sediment and includes faimilar features such as valleys, mountains, and craters" This text states states that Venus has other similarites with Earth that invlove physical features of Venus and Earth.

Venus can have some homogenous things with other planets but it can also have different features. One different thing it has is how hot it is compared to all the other planets. In the text in paragraph 3 it states "Venus has the hottest surface temperature of any planet in our solar system. This text states and helps give any example of how different Venus can be because of it's temperature wise. In the text it also states "The atmospheric pressure is 90 times greater" This text from the article helps state how much hotter Venus is compared to other planets or what we are used to.

Along with venus having good things; Venus can also have bad and dangerous things. Just because a planet has something dangerour that can cause harm does not mean we should stop learning about it or try and see it's physical features it has. In the text it states "Our travels on Earth and beyond should not be limited by the dangers and doubts but should be expanded to meet the very edges of imagination anf innovation. The text from the article states that just because

Venus has some difficult aspects and dangerour ones, does not mean we should stop trying to gt learn it and all of it's different features it has. Venus can have some rare features and we will miss them if we try and be too cautious of trying to learn more about Venus just because it can be dangerous.

Studying Venus can be a good aspect and teach us new things about our planets. Knowing more about our Venus and the similiarties it has with not only other planets but Earth, can be very helpful for us in knowing more about the World. Knowing more about the World and it's planets can tell and show us how many different things there are in the world. It can also tell us about new and rare things and give us advice on learning those things. Also taking a risk in learning them knowing there can be a dagerous aspect.  