Car usage has been around for as long as i have known. Vehicals like cars include lots of gas and transportation for people to interact and get around freely without moving their legs. Including, reasons for faster more smoother transportation throughout the day. Limiting the usage of cars has not been experienced as far as this generation has known. Also, providing better ways by limiting car usage to protect and have a more stable cleaner environment.

To begin with, limiting car usage would be harder most people are very laxidasical as they gain older as years go by. A person lets say at the age of 40 or 50 would not feel the need to walk to work or ride a bike to a grocery store due to the logic that the older we get the more we begin to feel more pain. Which is the cause of why they use their cars to travel to more places. Which is why limiting car usage would be unheard of. People of that age should feel the need to go out and get more excersise and look at the world from a different perspective than to look at the world from inside a moving vehical. In the artical it states from some people of the community they included that everything was much better not having a vehical to drive with she stated that it made her tense.

Additinally, limiting car usage would be extravegant for the environment. The environment is something that should be protected. Cars generate from gas and gas is very bad for the environment and the atmosphere as well as some cars that were to over heat are bad as well. They do have cars that generate only from battery usage which people find doesnt damage the environment as much. It still does damage the environment just as well.

Finally, reasons why they should limit the car usage in our community would be more space in the society we wouldnt have cars poluting us every where we turn or travel. When you walk out side you see cars and more vehicals it would be nice to explore the world without the view covered by cars. Bicycles to get out there more and see the world not trapped behind a car door and window. Feeling happier and free without having the smell of gas linger where you work or when you go to the grocery store. In the artical it states that there was only 2 areas to park cars if you had them and the parking would not be in everyones way but somewhere clean as well.

In concusion the usage of cars would be a great idea for the comunity because of the more space people will have, few people from the overweight side of the society and a less poluted environment to surround yourself in.            