Everyone in this world has probably wanted to try something new and extravagant, but they probably want someones opinion on the activity before they go off and try it on their own. When most people ask for advice they're like why should I ask, who cares, well here is some reasons why it would be good to ask for advice. You could find someone who has experienced the activity first hand, someone could maybe even help you create a brand new opinion you have never thought about, or the advice could help you with your take, or opinion on the activity. All of these things will definitely help you make the right decision in the end.

One of the first things you could do if you needed some advice is ask someone who has been through, or experienced the activity. You could ask them how it was, what you did, or even simply is it worth the money or time. Another reason this is a good idea is it can show you the good or bad outcomes. You can ask the person to elaborate on the topic a little more if they can to see if your'e actually interested in their experience with the activity. This option will definitely help you in the long run when you make your decision.

When asking for advice, people will have plenty different takes on what will happen. This may cause someone to bring a new opinion into your head. This could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you take it. If you handle it well you can more likely understand the other persons point of view on the activity. Something else a person can do is convince you to change your mind. Now this can be a big one because they could tell you a story or a myth about how something could go wrong, because grant it people are less likely to go somewhere or do something if they hear a horrifying story or myth.

Finally something else that could happen while asking for advice and trying to make a good decision is someone could just simply agree with you. This is probably either the most helpful one or least helpful one. It can be very helpful if the person your'e talking to will help you add more detail, or another possibility would be they can give you new ideas, with a different point of view, but have the same main idea. One of the more negative, or least helpful things someone could do for you is agree and walk away, and if that happens you can just go find someone else to talk to.

In conclusion, I belive these ideas will help you make the right choice in the end. From asking someone who has had the experience, to someone helping you create a new opinion, or someone even just elaborating on your topic. Don't just say who cares, and why should I ask for advice, go out and explore the possibilities. Now I hope with this advice you go out and make the right decision in the real world.                           