Does your school have extracurricular activities? Are you in any of them? Most schools in America have extracurricular activities on or off school grounds. The problem is that more than 50 percent of students dont engage in those activities. My principal wants that to change he is making extracurricular activities mandatory and i agree. 3 reasons are extracurricular activities can be fun, they give students a wider career path, and they can keep students open minded. I will explain why extracurricular activities can be fun, how they widen students career paths, and how they keep students open minded.

For my first reason, extracurricular activities can be fun. For example when i first entered sixth grade i had nothing to do. I was not in any sports and i wasnt engaged in extracurricular activities. That all changed when my friend convinced me to join soccer, my life changed for the better. I never knew how fun soccer was and i probably never would have if it wasnt for him. Students think that just because somthing looks boring it is boring, that is not always true and it can be the exact opposite.

For my second reason, extracurricular activities can widen a student career path. It can happen in two ways, the student discovers they have a hidden talent or they can find somthing they really like to do. When i was in seventh grade i had a friend who was really good at photography. You would never see him or his camera seperated from each other. So one day i told him about the yearbook club and he thought it would be great if he joined. He was so good at it he became the vice-president of the club within weeks. Ever since that day he has tried to get a career in photography.

For my third and final reason, extracurricular activities can keep students open minded. For example when i was in fifth grade my school got a number of sports introduced to it and tennis was one of them. I was already into basketball and i was never interested in tennis. I played basketball at home and not at school so when the school said all students must pick one sport i picked basketball. They didnt let me because there was already to many people so i picked tennis. I did not want to try somthing new but i didnt have a choice. When i went to my first practice i loved it, I never thought it would be this fun. Being in a new sport really made me experience somthing else and from that day i ws never afraid to change.

People may disagree but extracurricular activities are amazing. I explained how they can be fun, how they can change students career paths, and they can keep students open minded. Many people dont know how fun it is to be in an extracurricular activity and i encourage people to join one. now you know why i agree with our principal and how his opinion can change people for the better.