The Electoral College is America's current method of election. A process created by our founding fathers that consists of the selection of electors, the meeting of the electors where they vote for president and vice president, and the counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Many Americans believe that this method is crucial because it's certainty of outcomes and the way it avoids run-off elections. However many people believe it creates more of a problem than a solution. Problems created under the electoral college system include, big states recieving more attention than small states, the disaster factor, and the winner-take-all method which causes unfairness among voters.

Each state has a different number of electors based on the number of members in it's congressional delegation. A lot of the time bigger states tend to have a larger amount of electors, for example the state of Hawaii has four while the state of texas has 38. This causes more attention to go towards the big states. Another example of this dilema is shown by an excerpt from Bradford Plumer whcih says "each state casts only one vote, the single representative from Wyoming, represetning 500,000 voters, would have as much say as the 55 representatives from California, who represent 35 million voters. Given that many voters vote one party for president and another for congress, the House's selection can hardly be expected to represent the will of the people".

The current system of election leaves room for multiple disasters to occur. Disasters such as the 2000 fiasco in which Al Gore won the popular vote but lost the presidency. Another issue caused is a question of the electors loyalty to their candidate. Perhaps the Elector of a certain state decides against the election of their party and casts a deciding vote for whoever they please. This creates an unreliable system they could change the fate of an election in an instant. Even more serious issues could arise such as a state sending two slates of electors which Hawaii did in 1960.

Lastly, the Electoral College is a faulty system because of it's winner-take-all method. Most states have this method in which the winning presidential candidate is awarded all the electors. Due to this the candidates don't spend time int he states they know have no chance of winning, and only focus on tight races in the "swing states". As stated in an article by Richard A. Posner "During the 2000 campaign, seventeen states didn't see the candidates at all, icluding Rhode Island and South Carolina, and voters in 25 of the largest media markets didn't get to see a single ad.

All in all, the Electoral College is an unreliable system of election. It causes many issues to arise and is all around unfair to voters. Many important people such as Richard Nixon, and Jimmy carter agree that America should abolish it all together. The issues caused such as unequal attention on states based on size, unfaithfulness of electors, and an unfair winner-takes-all method prove the the Electoral College undeniably, causes more problems than solutions.                                        