This country is built on democracy, the idea that all of its citezens have rights and a say in how the country is run. The Electoral College takes away the peoples vote, because in an election, the eligable citezens vote for a candidate, but in reality they are voting for a group of electors who will then vote for the candidate. I believe this is unfair and that the Electoral College should be removed from the country's government.

The first flaw with the Electoral College is that voters cannot directly vote for their favorite candidate. In

Source #2 paragraph 10

, it says; "

... voters vote not for the president, but for a slate of electors, who in turn elect the president.

" If citezens of the United States can't vote for thir own president directly then it takes some of the democracy out of the country. It rarely happens but the electors don't always vote for the candidate with the most popular vote, they can vote for whoever they want, if they really wanted to. This is just one reason I think the Electoral College should be removed, and replaced by a popular vote.

My next reason for replacing the Electoral College with a popular vote is that a tie in the Electoral College is possible. In

Source #3 paragraph 18

, it says; "

A tie in the nationwide electoral vote is possible because the total number of votes-538-is an even number...

" If a tie occurs then the vote goes to the House of Representatives, but how will they know the feelings of voters if they vote one party for Congress, and another party for president?

My final reason to get rid of the Electoral College is that a candidate can win the popular vote, but lose the election. In

Source #2 paragraph 9

, it says; "...

Al Gore- thanks to the quirks of the electoral college-won the poular vote but lost the presidency...

" If the people's favorite candidate wins the popular vote, a vote representing the country's citezens, but loses the election because of the Electoral College then the system is unfair to voters.

People supporting the Electoral College may say like in

Source #3 paragraph 19

, "

The Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. No region (South, Northeast, etc.) has enough electoral votes to select a president.

" But this country should be about how the people vote, a popular vote would be the same, no region would have enough eligeable voters to elect a president, so a candidate would have to campaign all over the country.

In conclusion I think the Electoral College should be replaced with a popular vote. Voters cannot directly vote for thier choice candidate, ties can occur in the Electoral College, and a candidate can win the popular vote, but somehow still lose the election. The system is unfair to voters, and this country is based on fairness and rights to all of its citezens, so why should the Electoral College get to take away people's rights?    