In today's society, a majority of people use cellular devices in their every day. Amazingly, over 62.9 percent of the population has mobile devices. Of course, it is incredible that such a large amount of people can have these devices; however, with all these people can come to many accidents. In this case, texting and driving can become a significant problem when many people have cellular devices. Texting and driving cause many issues on the road and drivers should not be able to use these cell phones while operating a vehicle.

The main reason for using a cell phone while operating a vehicle should not be allowed because it is proven to increase the chance of fatal accidents on the road. May researchers can attest to the fact that when cellular devices are in use while the driver is also operating behind the wheel accidents are more likely. Cell Phones reduce the mental capacity of the person performing the automobile; which can lead to slower reaction times, perception, and slower breaking times/speeds. All of these traits can attribute to more automobile crashes, some that could even be fatal.

The second reason why drivers should not be able to be behind the while using s phone is that insurance rates will rise. As more accidents continue to happen due to a cellphone-distracted driver insurance companies will decide to raise the prices of insurance. This will, of course, hurt many of us who may not have the money for a high insurance bill every month. However, if drivers were not to use their cellular device while driver we would not have to worry about this situation. Thus, drivers not being able to use their cellphone is a win-win situation for everyone.

On the hand, some people may disagree and say that drivers should be able to use their cell phone while drivers. These people may believe that if you drive while texting that your sense of alertness may become better and make you better at multitasking since you have to do both at the same time. However, there is no reliable scientific proof using your phone while being behind the wheel Makes you better at multitasking. There is scientific evidence that doing so does the exact opposite, which is why my claim that drivers should not be able to use their phone while driving.

In conclusion, drivers should not be able to use cellular devices while operating an automobile. The main reasons are because of the risk it can put on not only the drivers but others, and the risk of increased insurance rates. Some may argue that using your phone and driving makes you better at multitasking, however, that is just false. I hope my essay has allowed you to see the reasons why we should not use our phones and drive.         