Everyone in the world makes different facial expressions everday. It's not necessarily something people try to do, but it is a natural way to express emotion. New technology called Facial Action Coding System allows doctors and scientists to evaluate people's facial expressions as a way of telling how they are feeling. Administrators should use the Facial Action Coding System in the classroom because it is valuable in ways such as engaging students in lessons, being able to tell if a student is experiencing negative emotions, and it will help students learn about facial expressions and what they mean.

One reason why the Facial Action Coding System would be valuable in the classroom is because it would keep students engaged in lessons. In the article, it says that the computer program would have the ability to see when a student is getting bored or confused. Once it recognized this, it would reengage them in the lesson. This is the same things teachers do, but if a teacher was busy with another student, the computer just completed the task for them. This would be an effective way for students to continue their learning in an innovative way.

Another reason the Facial Action Coding System would be useful in the classroom would be that the technology would be able to tell if the student was experiencing negative emotions. If someone knows their friend well, they are likely going to notice if they seem sad or downtrodden. However, if their friend is trying to hide their emotions, they might not even know something is wrong. On the other hand, if the computer systems were in the classroom, it would be able to tell if their were other negative emotions hidden from the human eye such as depression. This is evident from the article when it says that the Mona Lisa painting is, "83 percent happy, 9 percent disgusted, 6 percent fearful, and 2 percent angry"(D'Alto). These results could be surprising to some because to the normal human eye the Mona Lisa seems completely happy and few would guess she's actually angry or fearful. So, this would help administators know if there was emotionally something they could do to help their students.

The final reason the Facial Action Coding System should be used in classrooms is because it could teach students about recognizing facial expressions in people and what they mean. So, the technology is not only useful because it helps the students' emotional health, but also because it could help students help each other. If students learn how the computer tells how people are feeling, and they do the same, then the students will be able to recognize emotions and attain help for people they might think need emotional support. This would go above what humans are able to tell about how people feel on a regualar basis.

So, the

Facial Action Coding System would be useful in classrooms for a plethora of reasons. For one, it would recgonize if students were straying away from the lesson, and it would pull them back in. Also, the technology would be able to detect negative emotions within a student which could be presented to the teacher so they could help the student. Finally, the technology would be able to inform students on how to recognize emotions of people and could teach them all of the science and technological aspects of the sofware. This innovative facial technology could help students a trememdous amount in the classroom.    