In the article "Making Mona Lisa Smile" by Nick D'Alto, technology called the Facial Action Coding System enables computers to identify human emotions. The use of this technology should be used in schools to read the emotional expressions of students in a classroom because being able to identify what might be bothering others could be beneficial. Young adults could be facing something serious in their life but may not have the right words to express how they feel. Finding help for those feeling down is difficult. Using this technology could help those in need. This technology can help with identifying if a student is happy or worried, being able to have fun and put a smile on a students face while using this technology, and being able to identify if a student is confused or bored.

The Facial Action Coding System can help with students and their emotions. "Of course, most students would have trouble actually describing each facial trait that conveys happy, worried, etc." (5). Not everyone can tell what an individual is feeling. The help of this technology can help those who need it most. It can help detect if a student is happy or worried, but it can also put a smile on someones face.

Using this technology can help put a smile on your face in many ways. "The Mona Lisa demonstration is really intended to bring a smile to your face." (6). A lot of technology used today can put a smile on someone's face. Video games, social media, etc. Using the Facial Action Coding System is beneficial in many ways as well. It can help with being productive, getting help for a student who might need it. Technology can help with putting a smile on a students face, but it can also help with identifying if a student is confused or bored.

Technology can help identify if a student is confused or bored and could also help them for later in the future. "'A classroom computer could recognize when a student is becoming confused or bored," Dr. Huang predicts. "Then it could modify the lesson, like an effective human instructor.'" (6). Being able to identify a students emotions in a school could possibly help the student with getting better grades, feeling better about themselves, and passing each day with positivity. It can be difficult for a student to explain how they feel to another. The Facial Action Coding System has multiple ways on finding a solution for many problems that students are faced with today. This technology can help detect if a student is confused or bored, if a student is happy or worried, and being able to have fun with this technology.

Today, many students are faced with difficult times. Students have to deal with so much during their schooling years and having difficult emotions to deal with also. The Facial Action Coding System could be very benificial to students and others. It can help with the problems that might hold them back from doing their best in school. This technology could help identify a student who is happy or worried, being able to have fun while using this technology, and being able to identify if a student is confused or bored.                  