How many people do you ask for opinions when you need help? Many people seek multiple opinions when needing help. There are many reasons why you would want to seek different opinions. These reasons include, getting more than one perspective, someone may have gone through something similar, someone may have more knowledge in that area.

Have you ever asked a negative friend their opinion on something? Relating to that, have you ever asked a positive friend their outlook on something? The opinions probably varied drastically. Many people have different perspectives than others. For example, yesterday I asked my positive friend if I should curl or straighten my hair, she said,"It doesn't matter, you'll look great either way!" Then I asked my negative friend what they think I should do and he said, "It doesn't matter, I don't see why you do your hair for school anyway." As you can see the opinions varied drastically according to each outlook.

Another notable reason why you should get more than one opinion is because someone may have gone through something similar. Someone may have been in the same situation as you. For instance, if you are having a baby and you need to decide whether to have it at the hospital or a natural birth. You probably want to ask someone that has been through natural child birth and someone that has been through hospital child labor. You wouldn't want to ask someone that has never had a child what to do.

When you ask someone for their opinion you want them to have knowledge in that area. For example, if you ask someone about the cough and runny nose you have their mind might jump to a cold. Meanwhile if you ask a doctor, they might test you for the flu. In this case, the doctor has more experience, therefore it's good that you got their opinion also.

As you can see, there are many reasons why getting a second or third opinion wouldn't hurt. Many people everywhere in the world reach to others for their opinions on situations, whether their opinion is professional or not. Next time you need an opinion on something, try going to some one else about it and see if the problem was solved easier or harder. 