Texting and driving has become a huge problem throughout the world teens and adults alike. Most people when think it is no big deal and that they can do it as long as they get caught. They think well I am a good driver I won't crash until it actually happens.

First things first, people adults and teens should not under any condition be texting and driving. There is no excuse or any solid reason you should be doing it. We all think it isn't like most people do it. People think its rare and not a big deal. Suprise suprise according to the article,"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics" the editor states,"In fact, at any given time throughout the day, approximately 660,000 drivers are attempting to use their phones while behind the wheel of an automobile". This is a very startling fact. By the author saying this it means that at any given time 660,000 or more people are putting the lives of the people in the car and those around them in great danger.

By the same token, texting and driving takes the lives of many people around the world everyday. You would think with everyone being safe drivers and smart they wouldn't wreck while texting and driving. The fact is according to the article,"Texting and Driving Accident Statistics" the author.

states,"The National Safety Council reports that cell phone use while driving leads to 1.6 million crashes each year". This statement made by the author is showing us how serious texting and driving is. Everytime someone picks up their phone they will possibly become another accident caused by texting and driving. Also in the article it states,"Texting while driving is 6x more likely to cause an accident than driving drunk". We all know how serious and dangerous drunk driving is so if texting and driving is more dangerous than that then we have a real problem on our hands.

On the other hand there are many ways we are trying to prevent texting and driving. Some cars come with a feature that allows you to receive and answer calls or even texts through your car without touching your phone at all. Some cars come with a ability to not start if it senses that the driver is using a cellular device. But there are many ways you can stop texting and driving without having to buy a new car. In the article,"Tips for preventing texting while driving" in this article the author states,"Put your phone out of reach" and "Make a commitment to not use your phone while driving". These are ways we can stop texting and driving. We need to end this problem once and for all because the longer we allow it the more lives that will be taken.

All things considered, we do not need to allow texting and driving bases on the evidence that has been shown here. Texting and driving causes more harm than good. We need to educate our young people and even our adults of the risk they are taking when they are texting and driving. Next time you are about to text and drive ask yourself if texting someone back is more important than somebody's life, it can wait.   