Everyone has those moments where a choice seems impossible to make. However, just asking "what would you do?" to just a couple of people is the perfect solution! Seeking multiple opinions aids in making better choices because everyone is different, and information is the key to solving problems.

Of course, everyone is different, and it's not very hard to see. One thing that makes us all different is our opinions. This may seem like an odd thing to say regarding how that could aid in making a better decision. However, the difference in our opinions makes understanding something much easier. A better understanding of something makes us more comfortable, and making a comfortable choice is much easier than making one while being unsure. Another difference we all have is our thought processes, or the ways we think. One person may be very logical in their thinking, while another is very emotional. Asking both people what to do in a given situation may show drastically separate results. But upon combing the information received, an incredibly clear decision can be made. As previously stated, we're different in many ways, but what really shapes us is our life experiences. Naturally, as humans, we're born with none. That is why most babies will act the same; cry, eat, sleep, play, and repeat. Then, they grow older, yet they change so drastically. Why? It's because of our life experiences. A six year old will obviously have a different view of the world than a solider in Iraq. Taking these differing experiences into account when asking for advice can be incredibly useful. As aforementioned, we're all different in many ways, so using that as an advantage may be just what's needed when a problem arises.

As simple as it may sound, information is the key solving problems. What does that have to do with making better choices, let alone seeking multiple opinions? Well, knowledge is essential in making good choices, and so much of it can be gathered by just asking for a couple of opinions. This can be supported even more if the person in question is more smart than you. People who are considered smart are normally amazing problem solvers and decision makers. By asking opinions of those who are smarter than us, understanding how to make good choices and solve problems becomes much easier. Knowledge can also be gained in asking from those who are wise. Wisdom can open a lot of doors, and definitely new ways of thinking. If wisdom isn't important in making good choices, why have wise men across history been some of the most looked up to and praised? Lastly, asking the opinion of those who are similar to us, such as a brother, sister, or best friend, can be very beneficial. Even though they may think similarly, listening to them can aid in finding holes in your own thinking. In conclusion, knowledge, the most important factor in making a good decision, is best gained by asking the opinions of others whether they are alike, or not.

Making good choices is made much easier by asking the opinions of others because everyone is different, and knowledge is the key to making good decisions. However, at times it may seem hard to find someone to get an opinion from. But as previously stated, everyone is different, and theres always something to learn by asking a simple question.             