The idea of reducing car usage is a good idea, because the enviornment would be a better place. Limiting cars will not only benefit us with the idea of air pollution but with obesity, and obesity is a big thing in the United States. Its amazing how may people care about there enviornment. In source 3, Bogota, Colombia millions of columbians hike, bike, skate, or took buses to work during a day they call car-free day because they want to reduce air pollution.

In the United States one out of every 4 person is obese, and the reduction of car usage will help limit the obesity rate. Walking or even biking from one place to another is a work out and that is a common way to lose weight. We try so hard to reduce obesity and one of the many ways to gain weight is to eat junk food and not jog, run, or walk it off. So reducing the limit of cars is a good idea to reduce the obesity rate in the United States.

The reduction of cars will help the air polluting situation in the U.S. The pollution in the air will later in the future bit us right on the rear end. Many people may believe its happening now. The main cause of air pollution is the fuel we have running on our cars that are on the road 24/7. If we limit the usage of cars now we will start to see the difference in our world today.

Many people dont really use cars in the United States in source 4 it states that study last year found that driving by young people decreased 23 percent between the years of 2001 and 2009. It also stated that in 2005 the number of miles driven dropped steadily. Each year in America people are buying fewer cars, driving less and getting fewer licenses as each year goes by a recent studies found. So believe or not not many people don't need a car to get to point A to point B.

As of today we should make a effort to stop using our cars and maybe walk to work and get your exercise for the day while doing it. Let make a change together and stop the mass of air pollution we have going on and and reduce the rate of obesity. Lets make our country a better place to be.                            