Dear Principal TEACHER_NAME,

I think that it is a great idea that students should be required to have at least a B average in order to participate in extra curricular activities. This will motivate the students to do better in school, give them something positive to look forward to, and it would make the school look better.

If the students are required to have a B average this will motivate them to better in school. If they want to participate in sports and other activities, they will do better in school. In general, if a person really wants something, they will be willing to work for it. In this case, the students will be forced to keep watch on their grades. This will in turn give them a noticeable reward for their hard work.

This will also give students something positive to look forward to. 35% of all American students have negative influences around them when they leave school. So to come to a school and work for something, is a big thing for them. They will look forward to coming to school and getting something done to make a difference in their lives. I also think that this will lower the percent of drop outs in SCHOOL_NAME and help to make us a better community.

If you follow through with this choice, it will also make the school look better. You may ask, "How so?". Well as of now 45% of our students are failing at least 3 classes, and a recent survey shows that 95% of SCHOOL_NAME students like to play a sport and enjoy the activities held after school. If you require them to have a B average, they will get better grades in order to do what they want to do.

So to wrap things up, I think that requiring a B average of all students wanting to participate in any extra curricular activities is a great idea. After all, it will give students something positive to look forward to,

it will motivate them to get better grades, and it will have a positive impact on our school. The way I look at it, everybody wins. You get a great school and the students get to grow up a little. I hope that you take this into consideration.

Thank You,

STUDENT_NAME