Dear principal,

I believe that you should not require students to do community service. I have this opinion because not all students have the time to take a part in community service. For example, some students have a job, or they go to day cares or after school clubs. Plus, we students have homework and chores that we need to take care of. It is a wonderful thing when a student decides to take a part in community service, but there are some people that simply do not have the time. If you require us students to community service I am sure that there will be some conflict. So please Mr. principal, do not force students into community service. I am sure that the students that have the time and energy to do community service will be involved in it. Further more, I believe that if you require students to take part in community service that you will not be able to recognize the students who do it from the goodness of their hearts and not because they were forced to. In my opinion, you should reward the students who take the time to do community service and work hard for others, instead of making everyone do community service. Plus, if you reward the students who do take part in community service, I am sure that many more people will join and help with community service, and without the attitude or the feeling of being forced into it. So please take my advice Mr. principal, do not require students to take part in community service. Although it may seem like the right thing to do for our community, and you may feel you are teaching the students discipline and how to be helpful, in the end, I believe that you should leave things the way they are and see what happens from here. Have faith in your students, I am sure that many students will be involved in community service without you forcing them to. And although many of them cannot take part in community service, I am sure that they would love to help if they could.

With all do respect, requiring students to be involved in community service is not a wise decision. Thank you for taking the time to read my letter. I hope I have enlightened you with why it is impossible for every student to be involved in community service.

Sincerely, STUDENT_NAME