Although teacher designed summer projects are a great way for students to learn about something related to school while their off school. If the project is teacher designed then it gives no way for the students to express their creativity. By allowing students to design their own project they will have a way to voice their opinions on something they may be concerned or upset about. It would also allow students to design a project about something that may interest them.

If students design their own project they can voice their opinions on something there concerned about. Say for instance a student was worried about people speeding through his neighborhood. He could make his project about that concern and talk about ways or measures that should be put in place to prevent it from happening. This would also make the student work harder due to the fact that this is a problem that the student faces and would want people to know about that problem so that others can be informed on that issue.

Student designed projects allow students to create a project on a subject that interests them. For example,say a student is interested in becoming a mechanic after they are done with school. If they research and design a project on that subject it can give them an outlook into the future if that is an occupation they are interested in. It can also give them a head start in that career path with the knowledge they would learn from creating the project.

If the project is teacher designed it can help students get ready for next year with school related material. This may be true but if the students get to choose how they will design the project it gives them multiple subjects and opportunities to design a project about something that intrigues and interests them. Which they will find way more exciting to complete than a teacher designed project. By designing their own projects students can get information on an occupation,talk about an issue thats affecting the world or their community,and voice their opinions on topics they are passionate about.                                