Dear Principal,

Serving our community can be very beneficial in a variety of reasons. Not only should students be required to perform community service, but a number of hours should be required as well. It can be so life-changing to those that have never done it before and can really help out the community that we are living in.

Community service is not only important in all communities, but it can be the difference between a clean, put together community, or one that could be known to outsiders as a "dump." Without those who help out in their free time, communities all over can start to look really sloppy. When students are required to give some of their time up on a weekend or in the free-time after school, it can change their mind. At first they may just be hesitant but after they get out there and help the community out it can really change someone's thoughts about the subject. This could then lead to a chain reaction of teens helping out, when one friend tells another, who tells another, and so on!

I have done a number of community service project with my church, family, and friends, it makes me feel so great when I am helping out others and my community! It would be such a blessing if other's would enjoy this feeling too. While picking up trash on the side of the road may not be someone's idea of serving their community, there are so many more ways that they can help out. From cleaning the pine straw off your neighbors roof to spending a summer morning at the beach, Community service is such a great way to get involved.

While some people may think that community service is a waste of time, they should know that it really helps people out. Say our school volunteered to deliver meals to people that don't have very much, I know from experience that those people are so thankful that a teenager would take time out of their social life to help others out. At first, I was nervous to go to people's home that I had never met before and deliver meals, but it is so rewarding to see their smiling faces whenever you knock on the door and say "Meals on Wheels." As well as being nervous, it can be quite scary, picking up trash on the side of the road it overwhelming when large trucks and cars are passing by very quickly, but when you ride by the spot where you picked up trash, it makes you fell so good knowing that you did that.

Community service is such a great opportunity to get involved, whether it's cleaning out cages at the local animal shelter or rebuilding swing-sets at the park, everyone should be involved. It is such an amazing experience, once someone does it, hopefully they will enjoy it and keep doing more and more!