Many citizens argue that the Electoral college a process,a compromise between election of the president by a vote in congress and election of the president by a polular vote of qualified citizens according to source 1, is not right for them, that it is a quite confusing process. Many citizens also say that the electoral college is a excellent idea. The Electoral college should be changed to election by popular vote for the president of the United States because, the Electoral college is a confusing process, the Electoral college is unfair to voters and voters cant always control who they vote for.

The Electoral college should be changed to election by popular vote for the president of the United States because the Electoral college is a confusong process. According to source 2, Who picks the electors in the first place it depends on the state ........... the ..............can voters control whom their electors vote for?..........Do voters sometimes get confused about the electors and vote for the wrong candidate? sometimes.

Voters can get confused about who they pick and how they pick them especially if they are a new voter and its their first time voting. The Electoral college is a confusing process, according to source 1, the Electoral college process cosists of the selection of the electors..... the electoral college consists of 538 electors.........."state" also refers to the District of Colombia..... The electors are generaly chosen by the canidate's political party.....when you vote for president you are actually voting for your candidate's electors ..... your Certification of Ascertainments are sent to th congress and the National Archives as part of the official records of the presiential election. The process is quite confusing a simple vote would be much easier for voters to understand.

The Electoral college is unfair According to source 2, Because of the winner-take-all system in each state candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning etc focusing only on the tight races in the "swing" states. and seventeen states didnt see the candidates at all and voters in the largest media markets didnt get to see a single campaign ad. In the Electoral college your vote has to go through these many processes that may or may not even be casted unless approved by a candidate or an elector? in an direct vote a vote is casted directly to whoever the politician is. The Electoral college is unfair as stated in souce 2.                      