Every student looks forward to summer break, it's all about sunshine and going out for fun. After a long time, they are able to stop focusing on school for quite some time. Although,it is relieving to take a break, students tend to forget some knowledge once they have to return to school. This is because of the summer they just spent doing nothing that's school related. For this reason, summer projects are created. It helps students to continue the learning process and keep a hold of their knowledge. Some may argue that these summer projects should be designed by the students, others may say they should be designed by the teachers. These summer projects would end up better if designed by the teachers because teachers already know the materials that need to be learned and they can challenge their students' abilities.

Furthermore, students aren't going to be enthusiastic about a summer project, most kids these days enjoy doing anything that doesn't involve school. It's more of an obligation if they have to do summer projects. So, asking students to design a project for themselves would be like asking them to stop using their phones forever. They won't want to do it because students don't like extra work. This is when teachers come in to play, they are more knowledgeable. Teachers have spent so much time learning a certain subject. They can easily set an objective for the students because it's what they've trained for. Teachers are also aware of what needs to be learned, while students are used to being told what to learn. This makes it easier for teachers to create a project. Students, on the other hand, would sit there clueless not knowing what to create nor how to. How would they know what they need to accomplish learning from creating their own project? It would be too difficult and it's time consuming not knowing where to start. Teachers are more organized and well prepared for creating assignments, activities, and projects. It wouldn't be smart to have the students create the project knowing students are less responsible and less organized with completing tasks.

Now, some people may think: "If students create their own project then they would do it," but students would rather create something to their own benefit. What I mean by this is, students will come up with a task that's easy enough to complete. Nothing challenging, time consuming, and well organized would be taken in to consideration. They don't want to create something that makes them have to think outside the box. They'd rather keep it simple. So, it's best if teachers take that responsibility. A teacher can tell what their students' weaknesses and strengths are. Which helps them create something that can be a challenge to the students' mind yet, be able to be completed as well. This will allow the student to think outside the box and be able to understand what the teacher is trying to teach them while the summer break is taking place. Once they return to school they will already have that knowledge with them because they learned it over the summer and got a hold of the lesson that needed to be learned.

To sum it up, summer projects should be designed by teachers and not students. This should be done this way because teachers have a better understanding as to what to do and how to create a project with objectives. Students are used to following instructions in order to learn, so having them create their own project to learn would be difficult to actually accomplish learning a certain topic. The teachers can set the expectations and what needs to be learned by the students;therefore, allowing them to easily follow along and complete the task. Students don't like doing work during the summer, so asking them to create work for themselves would take a lot out of them. 